1	boardgames	 Assume the following situation: Italy at war with France but not CW. Italian navy is in port in La Spezia, along with one German SUB and a German AA. CW DOWs Italy. In the port strike: Are the Italian units considered surprised if the German SUB is not included in the combat? Can the German AA fire if the German SUB is not included? Surprise rules on naval combat and port strikes say surprise occurs if only units of the surprised major or minor is involved in the combat. Obviously, the Italians are surprised, and the Germans aren't - and the Germans decide whether to include the SUB or not. Is a non-included SUB "involved"? 
2	boardgames	 In Puzzle Strike, the "Pilebunker" chip says: Opponents reveal their hands, trash their largest [Gem chip], then you gain that many [1 Gems chip]s. How does this work when trashing 2-Gem, 3-Gem, or 4-Gem chips? More specific example: if it's a 2 player game and I play Pilebunker, and my opponent trashes a 4-Gem chip, which do i gain? 1 1-Gem chip, or 4 1-Gem chips? Edit: As per @lilserf's answer, I had misread the tile completely. A full list of tiles can be found here . And here is what the chip actually says: 
3	boardgames	 4 epidemic cards in the pile are easy in Pandemic. 5 cards - it is interesting. Our win / lose ratio is about 50% with 5 epidemic cards. But I can't imagine how to play with 6 epidemic cards. Are you just very lucky to win this way, or are there are some strategy secrets I still don't get? Btw there is a 7th epidemic card in the expansion "On the Brink". Is there anybody who usually plays (and wins) with 6 or 7 epidemic cards on the pile? What's your secret? 
4	boardgames	 I love playing board games but often there's not many people around that share my passion. For that reason I'm looking for board games that can be played with just one player. I've discovered Arkham Horror few months ago and I think it's a fabulous game but I was wondering for some time now if there are other good board games that are as good or even better for single person? 
5	boardgames	 In Dominion you choose 10 of the 25 Kingdom cards to play with in a given game, generally at random. Is it possible/advisable to play with less or more sets? I've considered playing with less to make it simpler for new players, and likewise more to add possibilities for players that are already familiar with the card types, but I've never heard of anyone else trying it before. It would throw off the end conditions (one of which is running out of three stacks of Kingdom cards, which is respectively more/less likely in my examples); would it unbalance any other game aspects or lead to problems? 
6	boardgames	 When playing Dominion, how do you go about organizing all of the various cards and sets while maintaining a priority to getting games started quickly? 
7	boardgames	 It seems that the scoring for fields and cities in Carcassonne varies -- has this changed over the years, or is this a difference between the US and international versions? Are there generally-accepted correct scoring rules for fields and cities? 
8	boardgames	 In my experience, cloister tiles in Carcassonne are often "too lucky". If you draw a cloister tile in the beginning of the game, it will typically still require an investment of quite a bit of "meeple" time to obtain the full 9 points, which makes it a fair trade-off. However, after about half of the game, it's relatively likely that you can "parachute" a cloister tile in some spot and get 8 or 9 points immediately. This adds a lot of randomness to the game. What house rules work well to diminish this effect? 
9	boardgames	 My wife loves board games, but dislikes very competitive games, and is completely uninterested in aggressive "beat up the other guy" games. We recently discovered Pandemic , where each player works together to try and halt the spread of a number of deadly diseases. We really liked it. What other games are there that are cooperative in nature? 
10	boardgames	 In Dominion: Alchemy, you can play Possession to "possess" the player to your left and effectively take over his next turn. What happens if he has a Possession in his hand, and you play it during that possessed turn? Example (Turn order is Alex, then Bob, then Carl) Alex plays Possession. He controls Bob's next turn, and plays a Possession from Bob's hand. This means someone will possess Carl on the next turn - but is it Bob, or Alex? 
11	boardgames	 Italy is almost the worst country to start with. But that makes it a nice challenge. What is your winning strategy with Italy? 
12	boardgames	 I have read in a somewhat old book that castling was to be done as soon as possible, but some of my playing friends don't bother to do it in the opening. What's the modern usage? 
13	boardgames	 In Princes of Florence , the bugbear is this rule: A player may move his figure backwards on the fame track at any time during the game. For each space moved backward, the player takes 100 Florin from the bank. (p.10) What I've seen (and experienced...) a few times is a player sacrificing their chances of victory by spending ludicrous numbers of prestige points to deny other players auctions in the late game. Basically, I'm trying to find a house rule that will prevent this "taking you with me" behavior. 
14	boardgames	 Agricola has a supported one player option. I find it doesn't have the same feel. It's more of a puzzle, but it is still very enjoyable. 
15	boardgames	 Just starting out with Seafarers of Catan—what are the key strategy differences between Settlers of Catan and Seafarers? 
16	boardgames	 You can look for games with single-player mode. There are few realy good games with this. One of the best game - Agricola has single player game. Race for the Galaxy with an expansion "The Gathering Storm" has also single player mode. Pandemic - designed for 2-5 players, but you still can play alone (because it its cooperative game). 
17	boardgames	 The "Resilient Population" card reads: Take a card from the Infection Discard Pile and remove it from the game. When you play the "Resilient Population" card, what exactly are you allowed to do? 
18	boardgames	 If Bob plays Possession, even if he is currently being possessed by Alex, Bob will control Carl's next turn. This basically means if you are possessing someone, you should not have them play Possession. Especially in a 2 player game. (Note that sometimess you can't avoid playing a Possession - for example if you play a Golem, you might end up being required to play Possession as well.) 
20	boardgames	 Are bingos added to the basic score of the word and then modified by multipliers or are they added on after the play is scored? 
21	boardgames	 In Monopoly Deal , if I'm forced to sell off one of my properties, and that property is part of a complete set with a House on it, what happens to the House? I would think it should be discarded, but this came up today and I wasn't sure what the proper ruling was. 
22	boardgames	 It's normally a very good idea to castle early, but 'as soon as possible' is not really a correct rule. It depends on a number of factors, including your choice of opening, and your opponent's response. Leaving your king in the middle of the board is a bad idea. Your pieces can be pinned, you're much more vulnerable, and your rooks can become isolated, trapped on the sidelines. One exception to this rule sometimes arises if you have exchanged queens. Once this happens it is considerably harder to mount a successful direct mid-game assault on the king, and it may sometimes be reasonable in this situation to treat the king as an additional fighting piece, rather than as a delicate thing to hide away on the sidelines and protect at all costs. There are a couple of rare openings where not castling is a valid strategy, but they are unusual. Castling does not occur, or occurs very late, in some variations of the French Defense . See for example Kramnik-Anand, 2008 . Similar things can happen in the Sicilian Taimanov and the Hedgehog Defense . Sometimes giving up castling is a valid line for white, as happens for example in some variations of the King's Gambit Accepted such as the King's Bishop's Gambit, where Black checks on h4, and white plays Kf1. 
24	boardgames	 In Axis &amp; Allies ( 2nd Edition Rules ), is it every a smart move to spend IPCs to research weapons development? I usually forego doing any weapons development, but I play with others who spend 5 IPC every turn or who will turn to researching weapons development when their cause looks close to hopeless. 
25	boardgames	 Is it legal to play a Beer card in Bang! even if I am at full life? Some scenarios where I might want to do this: I don't want someone else to "Panic" it from my hand I'm Suzy Lafayette and I want to empty my hand so I can keep drawing more cards 
26	boardgames	 I like Advanced Civilization just because it can be played mostly cooperative. Unfortunately it is out of print, but you still can get it used. The goal of the game is to build a civilization. There can be little conflicts between players, but these can be settled peacefully. The only problem is with the calamities. (Calamities are part of the trading system so you can trade calamities to other players). But most of the time this can be settled too. 
27	boardgames	 Forbidden Island is another cooperative game created by the same guy that made Pandemic. 
28	boardgames	 There are three versions of the Carcassonne rules; citing Wikipedia : In the first and second editions of the game, completed cities covering just two tiles scored two points (one per tile) and one extra point for every pennant that resides in the city. This exception is removed from the third edition, in which there is no difference between two-tile cities and cities of larger size. The greatest divergence in scoring rules between the editions of Carcassonne is in scoring for fields. In the first edition, the players with the greatest number of followers adjacent to a city were awarded four points for that city. Thus, followers from different fields contributed to the scoring for a city, and followers on a field may contribute to the scoring for multiple cities. The second edition considered different fields separately — for each field, the players with the greatest number of followers in a field scored three points for each city adjacent to the field, although points were only be scored once for any given city. The third edition removes these exceptions and brings field scoring in line with the scoring of other features. I would imagine that tournaments will typically use the newest official version of the rules, but for recreational play there is no such thing as "correct" rules. Use whichever version your co-players and you agree on. 
29	boardgames	 For me the big strategy for seafarers is to realize that most of the time the islands are not worth it. If it is very convenient to go for an island then do it, but usually I find that the resources I expend could have been better used elsewhere. (Though if everyone is following this strategy, then the islands are great because of the free space. Basically you want everyone else to go for the islands but you.) 
30	boardgames	 The "Resilient Population" card lets you remove one city from the discard pile. If you are afraid you're about to get an Epidemic (or you have just gotten one!) and have the existing discard pile shuffled back onto the top, you can remove the most dangerous city so that there's no risk of an outbreak. 
31	boardgames	 I am a beginner at this great game, and I would like to improve my skills at the game of Go. What resources would you recommend? 
32	boardgames	 You need sheeps and wood to build a ship, so sheep are slightly more important. Second, most games give extra victory points for the first settlement on a new island. This can be nice, but realise that you will have at least two settlements on a coast, reducing the number of goods for them. 
33	boardgames	 Arkham Horror is almost completely cooperative. It is the players against a Great Old One(GOO) of Cthulhu mythos. Players need to work together to arm themselves and find clues that will enable them to seal gates that open from other realms. There is a large number of expansions, but the basic game is very enjoyable. Generally, the expansions make the game harder and should be avoided until you can regularly beat the GOO in the base game. See Is it possible to play 2-player, 2-character Arkham Horror successfully? for a question about the viability of a popular 2 player variant for Arkham Horror. 
34	boardgames	 My group played with six once, and had virtually no problems; at no point were we even worried we might lose. On the other hand, the last two times we played with five cards we lost miserably, so I don't think the sixth card is as big of an upset as you're expecting. I'd recommend just trying it to see how your group does; a lot depends on if you get two epidemics close together and what cities they hit 
35	boardgames	 In a monthly game night, my friend interprets the rules to say that if I have a village or city on my road, it reduces the "longest road" length. I interpret the rules as saying that my village/city on my road does not impact the road length. Which is the correct interpretation? 
36	boardgames	 I think playing with less would be fine. From the games I've played with there are about 2-5 stacks that never get any buys, and 1-2 that get bought down really fast. For inexperienced players I think it would be a big plus. However, for experienced players it could change some of the strategy a bit. The other stacks, even if unbought, can serve as a threat that players may buy those. For example, if there were multiple reaction cards then the attack cards seem less desirable. So right there 2-4 stacks may be off-limits on the premise of mutually assured destruction. However, with no reactions attack cards gain a lot of value. Thus adding more cards would be bad IMHO for experienced and inexperienced players but for different reasons. The inexperienced players would be too confused while the experienced players would settle on 'sure fire' strategies with so many other strategies to game against. A limited selection limits the amount of competing strategies, and hence may reduce the number of spoilers to more entertaining card selections. 
37	boardgames	 To the best of my knowledge... You can play a beer card on your turn, even if it has no effect. You can only play a beer card off-turn if you've taken a lethal hit. 
38	boardgames	 You are correct. Your own cities do not affect your status towards the "Longest Road" You can view the official rules here , from pg. 9 (emphasis is mine). You can break an opponent’s road by building a settlement on an open intersection along his road! On page 8, in the example, Emily has the longest road card with 7 segments. She has two houses within those 7 segments. This was also answered directly in the online FAQ as pointed out by @shemmon. 
40	boardgames	 During a Possession turn, it is still Bob's turn - only three things are different than a normal turn: Alex makes all decisions for Bob Alex gains all cards Bob would normally gain Any cards trashed are discarded instead Any card text that says "you" still refers to Bob, regardless of the fact that Alex is making the decisions. So playing a Possession will cause Bob to possess Carl next turn. 
41	boardgames	 I don't have bad experiences with cloisters. But if they count too heavy, you can rule that an unfinished cloister counts as 0 points in the end. Which makes it harder to spend too much meeple on them. Another possible rule is that cloisters must have unique 9 squares, not shared with another cloister. But use them wise. 
42	boardgames	 My wife and I played and loved Shadows Over Camelot for years before Pandemic existed. There are many cooperative games around now, and some are on my radar: Space Alert looks cool and I love a couple of the designer's other games Defenders of the Realm looks like it takes the lessons learned in co-op gaming and goes back to my beloved fantasy theme, too 
43	boardgames	 To affect the road length, the village/city must be from another player. And it only limits the counting of the road through that village/city. You can count up to the village/city that is not yours. Also, here's a more official 'no:' https://www.catan.com/faq/4607-longest-road-do-my-own-settlements-interrupt-my-continuous-road 
44	boardgames	 One option that I've used before is to disallow placing cloister tiles in spots where they are adjacent to more than three existing tiles. 
45	boardgames	 There are a couple of expansions that reduce the usefulness of cloisters. You don't get the points until all the surrounding squares are filled, which is a safe bet in 'vanilla' Carcassonne, but not such a sure thing with expansions. The Tower expansion makes it less attractive to leave meeple on the board for any length of time, because they are sitting ducks for capture by a tower. The Catapult expansion makes it possible to remove Meeple from the board, or replace them with your own. The Princess and the Dragon expansion also encourages Monk removal as dragon-food. You could ban the 'instant cloister' case, disallowing the dropping of a cloister into a hole for an immediate 9 points. I personally don't find this a huge problem though. You have equivalent 'instant city' and 'instant road' cases. Ultimately, there is quite a lot of luck involved in Carcassonne, by design, I think. 
46	boardgames	 Everybody always goes for the dark blues in Monopoly (Mayfair and Park Lane in the UK edition), but I'm convinced that the cheaper colour groups offer a better return on investment, partly because you can fully develop them quicker, and partly because you can own more squares, thereby giving you more "hits" and a steadier income. But is there any analysis to support (or refute) this view? 
47	boardgames	 Initial settlement placement in Catan can really affect the outcome of the game. What strategy do you follow in Settlers of Catan for initial settlement placement. Does this strategy change if you have first, or last placement? Also, when playing Seafarers, do you alter your placement strategy? 
48	boardgames	 In Settlers of Catan, how do you overcome bad initial settlement placement? In a lot of games of Catan I've played, initial settlement placement seems to really make or break the game for a player. Are there any good strategies for overcoming a weak starting placement? 
49	boardgames	 I'm a big fan of the Lepanto opening: Setting up a fall 1902 convoy into the heart of Turkey. The main weakness is that this leaves your defenses entirely the responsibility of your northern army, and so requires that you use diplomacy to keep your neighbors from attacking you. 
50	boardgames	 I find Dominion setup much faster than many (most?) board games, but generally we have: One person who pulls out the gold and VPs and deals out the starting hands One person that chooses the kingdom types (there's an iPhone app that will make a random selection for you, which probably saves a lot of time) One person that pulls out the types as they're read off the iPhone It takes maybe three minutes and we're ready to go 
52	boardgames	 I have never had this experience with Carcassonne either - typically in our games it's more likely that a late-game cloister will be wasted because the player doesn't have the meeples to spare for it. Even an 8-point late game cloister will be outpaced by a decent sized field, and it will tie up that meeple too. The other factor that can affect this is experience of the players - experienced folks are wary of creating an easy 9-point-parachute-cloister spot on the board and will avoid it if they can. 
53	boardgames	 The recent Castle Ravenloft boardgame has a few scenarios for a single player that are quite fun to play. 
54	boardgames	 Knowing that cloisters can have this effect is half the battle. Rather than adding a house rule to a very popular game I would advise you to alter your strategy a bit to account for future cloisters that you may not control. Examples: Leave a good cloister spot next to an open road that you own. When considering placing a tile between two relatively equal spots determine if one or the other creates a better cloister opportunity. Keep track of how many have been played! If you get down to 10 tiles left and 4 of them are cloisters, make sure you have the meeples available to use them. Alternatively, keep your opponent from freeing his meeples from the board. 
55	boardgames	 I've played Power Grid once so far. What is a good beginner's strategy in the initial accumulation of power plants? 
56	boardgames	 In the game Drunter und Drüber a tile that covers a toilet must be voted on by all players. The rules say that the tile is placed if the yes votes exceed the no votes, and the tile is not places if the no votes exceed the yes votes. But what if the votes are equal? We ruled that in that case the tile is not placed, but the rules are not clear on this. 
58	boardgames	 Some mix of the following: Buy the biggest one you can afford - Remembering that you have to afford fuel as well. Try to get a plant that has dual fuel sources Don't buy a coal only plant if 2 other people already have coal fired plants. Don't get into bidding wars with more experienced players If the above isn't working out, switch tactics - save your money and get the cheapest one you can this turn and get a better plant next turn. 
59	boardgames	 For card selection, I highly recommend the iDominion iPhone app . Lets you specify which sets to include, blacklist individual cards, require Reactions if there are Attacks, and even re-roll one card of the 10 if you just hate the Smithy. There's also a "lite" free version. I have all of my cards (Dominion, Intrigue, Seaside, and Alchemy) in two collectible-card-game "long boxes", sorted by set and by name. (Mine are sleeved as well, but that's not required). Use one of the many dividers on BoardGameGeek to assist in locating cards. It's easy to have one person take each box and pull out the cards you need, and for others to chip in parceling out the gold, VPs and starting decks as they're pulled from the boxes. You can divide up the work this way with the original boxes, but card boxes take up a LOT less table space and the ordering of cards in the original boxes can be highly confusing. 
60	boardgames	 Very hard to say really. It depends on so many factors. The best strategy is to have the power plants that use the resources that your competitors do not use. This then makes the cost of goods cheap to buy, and therefore cheap to fire up. 
61	boardgames	 Do not waste your money on plants up to plant number 13, you'll ned to change them soon. Later ones are better. And also you don't have many cities at the begining. Later I'm trying to get plants which could electrify as many cities as possible. These plants waste a lot of resources, but you will not need to change them until the end of game. 
62	boardgames	 An alternative to a house rule is often a good defensive strategy. In this case: try to create a situation where multiple of the auction options would be acceptable; if all the other players bankrupt themselves to outbid you, you win! I believe this is really the essence of the game: to manoeuvre yourself into a position where there is nothing that you absolutely need in order to do OK. 
63	boardgames	 Le Havre has an enjoyable one player experience. The game involves managing many goods while buying up valuable businesses with an eventual goal of having a shipping empire. 
64	boardgames	 The interactive way to Go . It is only rudiments, but helpful at the beginning. 
65	boardgames	 In Small World , the only combination we've encountered that we consider "broken" in any way is Merchant Elves - the Merchant property doubles the value of every occupied area, while the immortality of the Elves means that eliminating that race becomes impossible. Especially deadly is the situation where Merchant Elves are taken by a player who put his first race into decline early. Has anyone found a counter for this (admittedly rare) problem in Small World? 
66	boardgames	 I think the main thing you need to do is correctly identify your strengths and weaknesses, and don't try to force a strategy you're not set up for. If you don't have abundant brick and wood, don't even bother going for Longest Road. Even the worst placement will have some resources they are rich in. Try to get a port that capitalizes on your resources, and make the necessary trades with other players to get the resources you're poor in. If you're rich in... Brick or Wood -- try for longest road and build plenty of settlements Grain or Ore -- upgrade your starting settlements to cities and buy development cards Sheep -- go for Largest Army via development cards, or depending on your next best resource, you'll probably follow one of the other two basic strategies Of course even with all of this, sometimes the dice just won't drop your way :) 
68	boardgames	 To me, the big benefit of playing Seafarers is the diversity of maps, and the ability to play random maps. I find the default random map is a little sparse on land, but this only makes you think harder on where you want to build. These new maps open up new strategies, and change the dynamic of land settlement from being contained on a single land mass. Depending on the map and the starting positions, you could want to focus on boats or completely ignore them. As said above, you might want to strike out visit new land in order to get more victory points. Depending on what scenario your playing, and what the map looks like, changes how you play. Seafarers games take longer, but if your playing random maps, it makes each new game different. There is also the discovery map, where you never know what tile your uncover next. 
69	boardgames	 You could borrow the "Abbey" idea from the Abbyes and Mayors expansion. Abbeys are special tiles (6 of them divided equally among all players) which you can play rather than drawing and playing a random tile. The abbey counts as a cloister for scoring and playing a meeple on, and has a solid edge, so that it ends a road, and walls off citys and farms that it borders. Abbeys can only be played in holes - spaces that have tiles on all four sides. The effect of this is that areas that are prime "gotcha" cloister locations at end game are a little less likely as they either get Abbeys dropped into them, or players shy away from letting such places appear. Without Abbeys and Mayors, you could allow each player once or twice a game, the option of playing a tile face down in a whole rather as an Abbey than as a normal play, and otherwise following the normal Abbey rules. 
71	boardgames	 The Lord of the Rings is a cooperative board game that I like. The one thing to watch out for (as with many other cooperative games) is that a few enthusiasts take over the whole running of the game, and others just passively do as they are told. It has an extension that converts it to a one-against-many game, Lord of the Rings: Sauron . So don't get that extension if you're looking for the cooperative experience. 
72	boardgames	 Assuming you're playing with 3 or 4 players, use the 1-2-3-4-5-6-6 strategy. That is, first power plant should power 1 city, second 2, etc. Then you'll grow your capacity in a measured pace, and you'll end up with a capacity of exactly 17. A bad strategy would be: 1-1-3-4-4-5-... because that will make it very hard to reach 17. Also, by not buying top-of-the-line power plants, you'll probably never be in first place and having to pay most for fuel. 
73	boardgames	 Part of it will depend on your long term strategy; buying a low power plant puts you up first for the cheap resources and the prime places on the board. While more expensive and efficient power plants can give you a leg up in accumulating cash early in the game. Personally I prefer to start with a relatively inexpensive power plant (as low and cheap as feasible - never more than 2x than the initial value is my rule of thumb to start out) until I've seen the board locations and then focus on keeping my power plants close to the number of cities I actually own. With the auction system don't be afraid to let one go if it gets too expensive - the green power plants can be a real bonus if you aren't paying an arm and a leg for them. 
74	boardgames	 What Major Improvements do you see as most useful in Agricola, and why? 
75	boardgames	 Stone Age is one of my personal favourite games. The game dynamics are excellent and requires plenty of skill and strategy to win, with the only exception of the dice roll when determining resource. Has anyone modified the rules to make the game less dependant on the luck of the dice? I find it a shame to lose a game due to luck, rather than skill. 
76	boardgames	 If your initial placement is bad, hopefully you can still build a little. The first couple road placements are critical. By then you should be able to figure out which commodities are in short supply this game . Either because they haven't been rolled yet, or they're sitting on a 3 and an 11. Use your first two roads to build for that scare resource, claim it, and then see who will overtrade you for it! 
77	boardgames	 In two- and three-player Citadels, if I have Bishop, am I always protected from the Warlord? Or, am I only protected if my second character is the Bishop (i.e. I was most recently the Bishop during the Warlord's turn)? 
78	boardgames	 Is there a good book about the history of board games? Preferably the book would cover all the way from the ancient games to the newest fads in the market. 
79	boardgames	 My understanding is that the best three property groups are light blue (Angel Islington, Euston Road, Pentonville Road), orange (Bow Street, Marlborough Street, Vine Street), and dark blue (Park Lane, Mayfair). Light blue is good because the buildings are very cheap but give excellent returns. Orange is good because the likelihood of landing there is substantially higher, due to forced starting from Jail (gets you on a 6, 8 or 9). Finally, the dark blues are a good choice because eventually someone will draw the card. There is a much more detailed analysis here . The names are from the American set, but the calculations are the same. 
80	boardgames	 Here are my rankings of the Major Improvements: Fireplace (2 clay): Hands down, the best Major Improvement. The person who gets this has an easy food engine. In most cases it will take 2 actions for someone else to get into the action giving you time to collect your sheep. You also are first in line to get a cheap cooking hearth. Well : 4 resources for 4 victory points, and it comes with food! This should be taken every game Cooking Hearth : The default food engine of the game. No matter what you have, you can probably produce food with a Cooking Hearth. You should try to get one of these unless your minor improvements grant you a decent food engine. Clay Oven : Overrated by many, still 5 food for one grain is hard to ignore! Takes a lot of actions to get up and running, but will then produce a lot of food. In 2-3 player games coming up with stone can be an issue. With 4-5, the one sow/bake action can be problematic to obtain when you need it. Fireplace (3 clay): Less important than the 2 clay version. Paying extra to be the second person in a food engine isn't great. Better to get the extra clay and go straight to a Cooking Hearth in most cases. Stone Oven : The victory points are the main thing here. Taken late in many games for the VP and the free bake action Basketmaker's Workshop : Collecting all the reed can deny other players house expansion, buying this gives you something to do with all the reed. Pottery : With the right minors you can make something of this, otherwise it is just 2 VPs Joinery : It isn't too many games that you have much extra wood. 
81	boardgames	 The standard game Werewolf, has just a few roles: Citizen, Werewolf, Witch, Cupid, Hunter, Seer, Thief. I know there are lots of other roles created. Which roles do you use and what is the impact. Default Roles Citizen , cast a vote during the day. Wolf , citizen , knows other wolves , chose each night a victim to eliminate from the game. Witch , has two potions, each night the witch knows the victim of the wolves . She has one potion to save a victim and one to poison another player (hopefully a werewolf). Cupid , choses two players the first night. These are the lovers. The lovers know each other and they have to survive together. If one dies the other dies too. If a werewolf and a citizen are lovers, they have to kill the others to win. Hunter , if the hunter dies, he choses another player to die with him. Seer , the seer can query a players role each night. Other roles Executer , during the voting, the executer can present himself and execute another player. Voting continues afterwards. The executer can execute only once. Priest , if the votes are counted, the priest can present himself and use holy water on the victim. If it is a werewolf or the witch the victim dies, else the victim lives. Priests can have one or more bottles of holy water. Guardian Angel , each night a guardian angel can protect a player. This player cannot be eaten by the werewolves . The guardian angel cannot protect himself. * Alpha Werewolf * , this werewolf , can select another player to become a werewolf. This can happen only once. Soul mates , soul mates are citizens that know each other. They can't become werewolves, if the Alpha werewolf tries to convert a soul mate, the attempt is failed. 
82	boardgames	 If you're a little more flexible on the definition of 'board game', the recent Space Hulk card game is fast-paced and easy to learn, while being completely cooperative (players VS the deck). 
84	boardgames	 What are "Implied Odds" in Texas Hold'em Poker? 
85	boardgames	 Sure, visit the Tool Hut. Tools are explicitly there to negate the luck factor. Another option is to get more people. There will still be luck in the rolls, but if you put two people on a space instead of one, you'll produce more each time. 
86	boardgames	 I'm a chess beginner, and I was wondering: why was this movement introduced to chess, and why is it important to the game? 
87	boardgames	 What is "Pot Odds" in Poker Texas Hold'em? 
88	boardgames	 It probably won't break the game to tweak the number of Kingdom cards if that's really what you want to do, but that magic number of 10 was presumably arrived at after a lot of playtesting. Personally, I find that beginners have an easier time if you play some of the recommended sets or play with the simpler cards (many of the base Dominion cards fill this bill). Another way to cater to beginners is to "draft" the set of Kingdom cards by letting each player select a pile from the 25 in turn. That way each player is familiar with a few piles at least, since they selected them. For advanced players, drafting the set is also a great way to liven things up because they'll choose cards that synergize well and are generally powerful. The other way I like to enliven the game for advanced players is to increase the card pool by mixing more expansions in. Selecting from the nearly 100 cards in the first 4 sets will basically always give you new combinations that are ripe for experimentation. Playing with 6 advanced players and 4 or 5 sets worth of cards is quite a cutthroat, enjoyable experience. 
89	boardgames	 While not a direct answer, check out the recent " Hobby Games, the 100 best " book. It has games from the last 100 years and there is a lot of history contained within its page. Each entry is written by a game designer as well. I enjoyed the book very much, learned a ton. 
90	boardgames	 For a grain-based strategy the Clay Oven is key. It's incredibly efficient (1 grain-&gt; 5 food), and crucially, requires only one stone, so you can get it early (guaranteed before the second harvest). In most of my Agricola games, one player will take the fireplace/animal eating option, and the other will go for a grain/baking option. My other key improvement is the Well. The in-game effect (5 food) is marginal, but the 4 points at the end make a huge difference, and are great value (often equivalent to renovating your entire house, for example). 
91	boardgames	 What are Outs in Texas Hold'em Poker ? 
92	boardgames	 My local gaming group has been playing the heck out of Battlestar Galactica for some time now. Are there any other board games that can be recommended that have a similar theme, or similar mechanics? Obviously, we're not talking about clones or rip-offs here, but games that embody the "Everyone's in it together except for 1 or 2 who are out to get you. You better find out who they are!" theme. 
93	boardgames	 This is called "castling". The Wikipedia article has information about the origins of the move. The move is important to build a fortress for your king, and to free the rook for attacking the enemy king. 
94	boardgames	 It's called castling . It's important because it gets your king out of danger (the centre is not safe), while simultaneously moving your 'tower' (also called a Castle, or a Rook) into the centre, where it is much more useful. See this related question: Is castling still done in the openings in modern chess? 
95	boardgames	 The Diplomacy Archive has a large number of strategies for Italy and all the other countries . It also has some articles by Allan B. Calhamer (the inventor of Diplomacy). 
97	boardgames	 The name of the move is castling. The history of the move is explained well on the wikipedia page . 
98	boardgames	 What is "ICM" in Poker Texas Hold'em? I want to know some mathematical equations in answers on this question, because this part is important for me. 
99	boardgames	 Pot Odds is a term that describes the ratio of the current bet to the pot. For example, consider if the pot is $100 and you need to make a $10 bet to stay in. Your hand is a dog, and you estimate only a 20% chance for you to win. Pot odds would say that you should make the bet as you are getting 10-1 on your $10. You can get more information from the Wikipedia entry on Pot Odds . 
102	boardgames	 I actually don't believe you can play a beer if you cannot take the effect just as you could not play a panic if both players next to you had an appaloosa. By my reading of the rules the only way to willingly discard a card is to have more cards than your hand limit at the end of your turn. Also, Kevin is correct that you may only play a beer out of turn on a lethal hit. 
103	boardgames	 I would recommend you check out Shadows Over Camelot it was the first game I played with a traitor mechanic. It's a cooperative boardgame with (obviously) an Arthurian theme, and if I remember correctly, a traitor is possible in each game, not mandatory . So you get "Is there a traitor?" questions instead of just "Which one is the traitor?" 
104	boardgames	 According to Hasbro's rulesheet the fifty point bonus is added to the word score after all the letter and word multipliers have been taken into account. 
105	boardgames	 Those types of games are normally called "uninformed majority games"; one game I quite like that's in that class is Mafia (Werewolf, Assassins, etc.). The base game is pretty much as simple as uninformed majority games get; every night the mafia players choose someone to eliminate, and every day the townspeople try to figure out who the mafia players are. Mafia is entertaining mostly because there are dozens of extra roles and house rules people have added that can be played in ridiculous numbers of combinations, so you can almost certainly find something that your particular group enjoys 
106	boardgames	 Recently the Icehouse game system has caught my eye. I've looked through a ton of rules on the Icehouse Wiki but haven't found any really engaging game for two players. What well designed Icehouse games are available for two people? The amount of stashes is not really and issue for me. I'm looking for games that flow well, are not too complex, and are enjoyable for two players. 
109	boardgames	 How important is Bankroll Management in Texas Hold'em Poker, and why? 
111	boardgames	 "Outs" are the cards left in the deck that could possibly make you win. Usually these are discussed most when players are all-in and the cards have been revealed. If the only way you can win is to draw one of the 3 Aces left in the deck, you have 3 Outs. 
112	boardgames	 What are the key differences between the Steam and Age of Steam games? 
113	boardgames	 In general what do you recommend at the beginning of the game? 
114	boardgames	 A generic question across most board games: once a player has taken their turn (taken their finger off the piece they are playing), should they be allowed to change their mind? Similarly, if a player forgets to take a privilege, such as an occupied building in Puerto Rico giving an extra worker, or plantation, if they remember a few moves later, should they be allowed to take the privilege? Very few rules explicitly express how these events should be dealt with, so they are generally left up to the group. However, my group's rules will change depending on the personality of the players playing (not all members are available each time we play). I would like to make this consistent, and would appreciate feedback on how others deal with this scenario. 
115	boardgames	 My favorite 2-player Icehouse game is Volcano , you need to print out one sheet of paper with the "board" (though you could still play without it), rules are simple but the game is quite deep in strategy. The game requires 6 stashes of different colors. 
116	boardgames	 If the game is friendly, taking back a turn shouldn't be a problem. With competition, it is and it should be communicated to all players in advance. 
118	boardgames	 Another good cooperative game might be Ghost Stories . Ghost Stories is a cooperative game in which the players try to defeat the spirit of Wu-Feng, the lord of hell, and his legions of ghosts before they haunt a town and recover the ashes that will allow him to return to life. Each Player represents a taoist monk ghost hunter who is working together with the others to fight off waves of spirits and other beings mostly inspired by eastern mythology.Blockquote 
119	boardgames	 If you can grab a continent, go for it. But don't forget about the other parts of the map. Too often players focus on the easy continents and ignore the harder ones, allowing an easy win for another player. 
120	boardgames	 I like the following rule: If no new information has been disclosed since a decision, then a player is allowed to take back any action or inaction where this is practical. Information could be cards in a deck, rolls of dice, but also intentions of a fellow player. 
121	boardgames	 How I can become a full- or part-time professional developing games? Are there specific courses? What specific knowledge should I be looking to learn? How do I enter the industry? 
122	boardgames	 Several of my gaming friends are victim to more or less chronic analysis paralysis , which can drag down even the simplest of games. We've occasionally used an hourglass to combat this, but it tends to aggravate the slow-playing contestants and doesn't work well in interactive games (such as when trading in Settlers of Catan). What kinds of countermeasures to this common issue you have found to be effective? 
123	boardgames	 I'm pretty lenient in general. Unless it is a tournament or something akin to it, denying someone their privilege may result in hard feelings. The exception is if another person made a move that would have been different if the privilege had been taken. To use your example, in Puerto Rico, if a person used the builder and forgot to deduct $1 a went to take it back a bit later I would disallow it if another players pipes up with, "I looked at the start of my turn, you had no money. Based on that I chose to XXXX" In that case, its too late, and the first person is stuck. 
124	boardgames	 We generally have very friendly games, but it of course depends on your particular group. Our games tend to be so uncompetitive that we'll ask each other for advice and reveal our hands if we're trying to make a decision on our turns; it's more of trying to find the optimal move as a group. So generally as long as we can rollback enough to figure out how the game would play up to that point with the modification, it's ok. If something significant has happened since then that wouldn't have happened with the change, or if something has happened since then that prompted the change (which would be rather rude), we generally won't do it. 
125	boardgames	 In two and three player citadels each player still only has one city so the protection of the bishop will protect it no matter your other character. Your two characters do not directly interact, you simply get two turns and the perks for each. For example, if you draw both the assassin and the bishop, the murder by the assassin is not undone by the bishops turn. If you draw the bishop and the merchant, the protection of the bishop is not undone by the merchant turn. 
126	boardgames	 Depends heavily on the complexity of the game - I'd generally allow a lot more take backs in ASL (Advanced Squad Leader) or WiF (World in Flames) than in chess. 
127	boardgames	 Assuming you're referring to the "standard" version of Steam, the two major differences from Age of Steam are: Split income and VP tracks. When delivering goods, you must choose where your points go, either to an income track (that goes from -10 to +10) or to your victory point track. Early in the game, you'd usually concentrate on income to grow your business, then at some point switch to VPs. There is no board with randomized upcoming goods for each city and therefore no "production" action. Instead, 12 sets of 3 goods are available for use with the new "city growth" action or when you place down a new city tile while "urbanizing". A startup city can only get one new set of goods with city growth, and urbanized cities cannot get another set after being placed. Smaller rule changes include tile costs, tile distribution, no income reduction, loco is not allowed if you're on 6 already, final scoring for tracks is 1 VP per link , and when shipping you can't give more points to any other player. This great review contains a more detailed list of differences. 
129	boardgames	 Hum the Jeopardy tune once you feel someone has gone too far! Seriously, it works :) 
130	boardgames	 I usually game with my family and friends. And we generally have a "one takeback" rule in effect, especially our first few times through a game. Someone will make a bad decision, or miss out on a privilege, and will ask, "Can that be my takeback?" and if everyone agrees that they could and / or should have made the other play and it doesn't impact what's happened since, we generally let them change it. Once. That way, everybody gets one during a game. It's not usually disruptive (because of the limited number) and nobody feels like people who make bad decisions are rewarded with endless do-overs. Of course, this is predicated on the idea that you're playing for fun and want to stay friends with everybody after the game is over. And when we're really playing hard, we'll announce before the game starts that there will be no takebacks and players will just have to live with suboptimal plays. 
131	boardgames	 Where I can buy boards, cards, dice, fake money, figures, and any sort of pieces? It would be nice if the store sells on the internet. Another good reason is to buy replacements for damaged or lost pieces. 
132	boardgames	 I think once people get experienced with a game, they get better at the game and take less time. If people understand the rules, they're going to be much better at decided what to do. Be polite about nagging them to move. If you badger someone to much, they're not going to want to play again. Some games, like chess are naturally going to be slow. If the other players in the group are fast, hopefully they'll learn to step up pace after a few playthroughs. If you're teaching someone a new game, let them ask you questions and don't make the environment so competitive where they have to make the best possible decision each time. 
133	boardgames	 We've tended to favor games that have either cooperative decision making or simultaneous decision making, instead of sequential decision making where your turn will rely heavily on what the previous players did. Race for the Galaxy is good because, while not cooperative, everyone plays simultaneously. You need to start each turn together, which means you need to wait at the end of the turn for everyone to finish, but you don't have a point where one slow player starts and finishes a turn while everyone glares at him Pandemic is perfect because it's a cooperative game, and the way we play there almost aren't individual players -- it's like there are 4 of us controlling 4 pieces as a group, and none of us particularly owns one piece. We make all the decisions as a group and whoever is closest to the piece will move it, so it's impossible for one player's turn to bog down the game Dominion can be good, but is risky; we've had success with it because we've tended to play only the base game, where most cards don't affect the other players. That means the slow player can draw their next hand right after their turn ends and spend the next three players' turns deciding what to do, and their decision won't be substantially thrown off by the other player's actions. This isn't a perfect solution, and we've still had a number of turns where people took forever, particularly if they play cards that cause them to draw other cards, but it works sometimes 
134	boardgames	 Some cards like Warrior Priest from Empire deck has a damage redirection rule. How exactly does this rule work? For example: if my opponent assigns 1 damage to my Warrior Priest can I simply move the damage token to any unit surviving the battle and ignore the damage on the Priest or is it an extra damage that Priest will deal but will die anyway because he was assigned enough damage to kill him? 
136	boardgames	 I highly recommend taking a strong area that you intend to make yours, and a number of satellite areas that are either easy to defend by themselves (eg: Australia), or that are relatively proximal to your strong area. For example, starting with South America, grab a few locations in North America, Africa and Europe. This will make it more difficult for your opponents to capture those continents, and will give you some support when you go to take them yourself. 
137	boardgames	 Look at the following combat scenario: Both players had counted their forces strength and assigned the damage to opponents forces (assigned but not yet applied) Now according to the rules players can play Tactics cards (as in between every other combat phases). The question is: can one player play now the tactics card that will give him extra strength? The damage has been assigned already and having this ability would move the game back to previous phase (damage assignment) but the rule book doesn't clarify this subject. 
138	boardgames	 This is kind of an indirect answer to the question, but I've played with the following alternate rules (for 2 players only): Lay out treasure, victory, and curse cards as normal. Optionally lay out a randomly chosen defense card (Moat, Lighthouse, etc.) and a randomly chosen alternate victory card (Garden, Harem, etc.) Each player writes down five kingdom cards that he would like to play with (A card may be chosen by both player). The lists are swapped and each player can veto one of his opponent's five cards and replace it with any card of the same cost. Lists are returned to their owner and each owner gets his own five private stacks of 5 cards each according to the list. A player can purchase cards from the communal piles (treasure, victory, curse, and the optional cards), or from his own private five piles, but he cannot purchase from his opponents'. After the game, players swap their five private piles and play a game with their opponent's chosen cards. 
140	boardgames	 I've tried playing Arkham Horror with 1, 2 and 4 players. I've found that the game seems extraordinarily difficult with less than 4 characters. Simply put, you don't have enough gos to do everything. Gates keep opening, monsters keep appearing, and it only takes 1 curse, a bad monster, or a couple of delayed turns and it's all over. Adding any expansions simply kicks the difficulty up further. After several frustrating games, I now don't play with less than 4 characters. In a two player game, each of us takes two characters, and plays the game as if there were 4 players. This seems to give a better balance, but is a lot to remember and keep track of. Has anyone had success playing Arkham with less than 4 characters? In particular, have you managed a reasonable game with two players and two characters (i.e., one character each)? How did you manage it? Did you have to adjust any of the rules? 
141	boardgames	 I have a number of games that come in large boxes that do not have sectioned compartments for individual pieces. Whenever I take them over to people's houses everything rattles around and gets mixed up, and the first thing I have to do is sort them out. Does anyone have any recommendation on any cases you can use inside of game boxes to keep the pieces sorted? Obviously different games have somewhat different requirements, but I am looking for broad suggestions. A few of my friends have suggested trays from tackle boxes might be a good solution, though most of the ones I have looked at do not have any sections large enough for decks of cards, which are a pretty common kind of game piece for many boardgames. 
142	boardgames	 It depends on the game. For some games, I use boxes with small spaces to store the contents. For other games, I made some paper internal to divide the open box into several compartments. 
143	boardgames	 Gentle prodding is probably the best suggestion, but if that doesn't do the trick sit them down after the game and let them know what they're doing. A player that over analyzes every move generally isn't much fun to play with, and telling them that (nicely) can help. If that doesn't work, try practicing with some simple games (for example poker). Once they get used to making faster decisions, it often translates into other games, especially when combined with gentle prodding. As a final resort, try playing timed games, where the impulse to think long and hard about a decision is countered by a running clock. Good examples are chess/go with a timer, outburst, trivial pursuit, and cranium. 
144	boardgames	 I'm starting to play Warhammer 40k with Orks and I need a clarification to one of the rules for Orks. Orks have Mob Rule so they can exchange their Leadership value with a number of models in unit. And if there are more then 11 models in unit with that rule this unit is given Fearless special rule (which make perfect sense because with 12 models you have 12 Ld value so you can't fail the test). But the Fearless special rule isn't that great IMO because if changes leadership tests to wounds which in case of Ork Boyz means immediate casualties. This is written somewhere in manual where morale tests are explained but it's not mentioned in Special Abilities section of the manual. Can someone clarify if my understanding is correct or wrong, because this special ability sounds quite unfair. 
145	boardgames	 Yes , We've played this way many times and it works quite well for an enjoyable game. I highly recommend it. You don't need to make any adjustment to the rules to do so, just make sure that you keep each character's possessions separate! Also remember that certain game elements are based on the number of characters, not players. One variation you might try is to play two people with one character each. Just skip every other Mythos phase. Essentially each character gets 2 turns between Mythos phases. If you do this, consider yourselves to be playing a 4 character game for all relevant settings. This will ease your bookkeeping headaches although it will also make the game a bit easier. To address your statement that you find the game difficult under 4 people, you aren't the only one! Here are the stats from 5200 games taken from the Arkham Horror statistics report . If your winning percentage doesn't quite measure up to the below, keep in mind that folks submitting their games to this collection probably have quite a bit more experience playing Arkham Horror than most. Investigators Win % Close % Seal % Combat % Games 1 38% 3% 6% 29% 100 2 52% 4% 25% 23% 606 3 60% 7% 30% 23% 767 4 65% 11% 39% 15% 2,941 5 69% 16% 39% 14% 378 6 67% 16% 43% 7% 387 7 68% 16% 39% 14% 44 8 73% 25% 42% 7% 60 As you can see, as the investigator count decreases from 5, the game gets progressively tougher. Also you will probably find more success if you are open to the possibility of a combat victory with 1-3 players 
146	boardgames	 I use small plastic baggies for almost every game I buy. When I open a game, I expect to need a few snack sized, sandwich sized, and tiny hobby-sized baggies. These satisfy my needs for most games. The exception is BattleLore for which I purchased a couple of small-parts boxes (intended for crafting, I think) from my local Hobby Lobby. They have worked out great. Here's a link to the same (or very similar) item on Amazon . BGG has many storage solution suggestions, including individual tuckboxes customized on a per-game basis. For example, here's one for Agricola 
147	boardgames	 One winning strategy is to make an early alliance, preferably with Austria and then knock out Turkey and turn on France. You'll probably have to backstab Austria at some point - certainly, I've never got to 18 without Trieste - but that's the usual backstab timing question. 
148	boardgames	 A zip-lock bag can work amazingly well for most situations. 
149	boardgames	 In Race For The Galaxy, I'm usually focused on my own cards, and only find out who wins during the scoring at the end of the game. Is this a feature of the game — that is, is it low on interaction? Or is my strategy inadequate? 
150	boardgames	 When a team has 3 tricks and the other scores a trick, you can throw in all the cards because you know the team of 3 tricks will get one point only. There is no sense playing out the final trick. I have played both ways and do not have a preference as long as everybody is consistent. What's the best way to determine the "speed" at which the game is played? 
151	boardgames	 My group of gaming buddies, after playing plenty of Saboteur , has found that the "good dwarves" can pretty easily win consistently once they learn which pieces are most valuable and how to best respond to revealed saboteurs. What are some good house rules to even things up? 
152	boardgames	 I recently stumbled upon the Asian game Mahjong and came to like it. I already play Go and Chess online, but had difficulties finding a good, English-language Mahjong server. Are there any English servers, and if so what are they? 
153	boardgames	 One technique we've used is to ensure that the saboteurs know each others's identities before starting the game. After everyone has checked their role cards, everyone puts their heads down. One player calls out for the saboteurs to put their heads up and identify each other. They put their heads back down, then everyone puts their heads up and starts playing. This lets the saboteurs be much more effective and strategic - if one of the other saboteurs reveals himself, you can play more cautiously to reserve for sabotage later. You can also collaboratively lie about Map results if you want. With my group of (fairly experienced) players this rule has resulted in a much more balanced ratio of wins for the good dwarves and the saboteurs, while not going so far as to outright allow the saboteurs to directly communicate. Another house rule we use is to always guarantee the maximum number of saboteurs, rather than having a chance for one fewer as in the normal rules. Otherwise the saboteurs are typically screwed when they're one man down. 
154	boardgames	 The main advantage is that you move 2 at the same time. It's important to note that the 2 castlings are not the same. The long one is more aggressive and if you do it right, you get your rook in line with your queen. Traditionally, taking the center should be an objective. Castling enables this. I don't consider myself a strong player, but in my experience, Castling is best used for positioning rather as a defense for your King. Remember, you need to have the Initiative... 
155	boardgames	 Dice will probably be the least of your problems since you can buy them at any game store. As for other elements I'd look on eBay. You could probably buy some cheap board games and combine them to make your dream game. 
156	boardgames	 In my group, we tend to adjust the number of piles based on the number of players. With 3-5 players, we keep 10 piles. 6-7 players 11-12 piles. Keep in mind that, if you have all 5 Dominion box sets (like I do), you have 112 Kingdom cards to choose from, so you may want to mix and match them. 115 if you have the 3 promo card sets as well. Recently, we've been doing one of the following methods to choose cards: Each player chooses 2 cards. If there are not 10 cards yet, discuss what other cards to add as a group. Use a randomizer program ( Dominion Kingdom Deck for the iPod Touch/iPhone seems to be popular where I work) to select 10 cards. Each player can then opt to swap out 1 card for a card of their choice. If we have multiple games, we do the second between each game. 
157	boardgames	 Saboteur is an excellent card-based game with one or more traitors. You are a group of dwarves tunneling toward gold, but some of you are traitors paid by a rival mining company. Saboteur is especially great with large groups (7 or 8, the game supports up to 10) as the accusations fly fast and furiously. Individual games go quickly, and you play 3 games in a row to decide an overall winner. 
158	boardgames	 Medic - Each night he/she selects someone that will not die that night. (Hopefully that someone is not himself). Everyone knows who is the Medic, but he can be a Werewolf. 
159	boardgames	 Back in the 90s, I enjoyed collecting SimCity: The Card Game . I can't help but feel excited that there's a lot of potential in the game, but that the rules are broken and in certain aspects, to be honest, downright absurd. I am especially bothered by a number of things that are either annoying or out of balance: The sheer amount of counting the rules have you do. Once you have a decent city going, keeping track of the number residents within however many of blocks&mdash;either by road or rail&mdash;is a headache. Worse yet, add a couple of Receive # for every [card type] within # blocks into the mix, and you'll spend a good deal of the evening counting. Zoning bonuses become crazy. Once a residential zone has reached a modest size, the value of putting any card down is dwarfed by the massive bonus of appending it to a zone. There's no sense in trying to close off a zone, either, because your opponent will eat you alive. Council members are useless. Never does the game reach a point in which rezoning is really an issue, because it takes too many members to veto the mayor and/or council chairman. You require much too many in the deck, and pretty much any other card yields more value in the long run. City services pay off much too much. Put down a few schools and a few police stations, and you'll be "adding" &amp; "receiving" yourself to bliss. Many of the event cards are either extremely focused on the council, or, like Fire! , extremely destructive. Phase one cards pollute your deck once you have passed beyond that phase, but there's a dilemma: you can't really have less than a third of your deck filled with them unless you intend to sit around collecting cards for the first hour or so. Some of these rules might be somewhat alleviated by limiting the playing area to something like 6&times;6, and having the good sense not to add too many city services, but that doesn't cut it for me. I sometimes get the impression that I might not be fully understanding the rules, but the official rulebook leaves so many questions unanswered. For some reason, I feel very attached to the game, but the rules just let me down. Are there any good alternatives? This Flickr stream has some photos, for those who haven't played for the past 15 years and wish to refresh their memory. 
160	boardgames	 While low interaction is a frequent critique of the game, I think most experienced players would tell you that you're not playing the game as effectively as you could. First, I'm assuming you're playing the game without the Brink of War rules which add direct player conflict to the game. Second, a large part of the subtlety of the game is the need to very carefully make decisions about role selection - optimally, you want to balance your selection against the roles you think other players will select while avoiding selections that benefit other players more than they benefit you (in other words, you want to maximize the value/activity you achieve during a term while minimizing the value/activity of your opponents). Another subtle point is the need to review other player's tableaus for point scoring combos - when you see someone else's combo fall into place, it's generally advisable to move the game to its end (unless of course your own combo is up and running and superior). The last tidbit that is typically overlooked is card denial. In most games of RftG, the deck will be shuffled a few times, increasing the odds that your opponents will get the chance to play rarer cards that can shift the victory point totals significantly. Holding on to cards that you intend to spend for a bit longer can mean that a useful card never sees play due to the timing of shuffles! 
161	boardgames	 Just go to The Game Crafter 
162	boardgames	 When I used to play a lot of Euchre the side that didn't call trump would often toss in their cards after taking one trick conceding the rest of the tricks to the caller. Sometimes all it would take is to show the left bower after the right had been played on the first trick. Each group has to decide what they are comfortable with, but I think the more you play the faster you will get. 
163	boardgames	 In Republic of Rome, if Rome falls, everyone loses. Some gaming groups I've been in grok this concept completely and players will make major sacrifices of their positions (donating lots of money from personal treasuries to the state to fight off the Punic Wars in the Early Republic, for example), while others regard Rome falling as a draw, and deliberately play to cause Rome to fall if they think they can't win. If you have a mixture of both types of player, then the fall-of-Rome-is-a-draw players can exploit the fall-of-Rome-is-a-loss players by threatening to bring Rome down and demanding concessions for saving it. This tends to provoke resentment on both sides. Does anyone have any suggestions for (a) how to prevent this conflict and (b) how to resolve it before punches start being thrown? 
164	boardgames	 Via wikipedia: Any tile played from the player's rack onto a previously vacant square that is a "double-letter" or "triple-letter" premium square has its point value doubled or tripled as indicated. Add the normal point value of all other letters in the word (whether newly played or existing). For each newly played tile placed on a "double-word" premium square, the total of each word containing that tile is doubled (or redoubled). For each newly placed tile placed on a "triple-word" premium square, the total of each word containing that tile is tripled (or re-tripled). Premium squares affect the score of each word made in the same play by constituent tiles played upon those squares. Premium squares, once played upon, are not counted again in subsequent plays. If a player uses all seven of the tiles in the rack in a single play, a bonus of 50 points is added to the score of that play (this is called a "bingo" in Canada and the United States, a "Scrabble" in Spain and a "bonus" elsewhere). These bonus points are added after totaling the score for that turn. 
165	boardgames	 Some game stores do sell a number of game creation items. I would check with your friendly local game store and see if they carry the Fantasy Flight Game Supply line which currently includes card sleeves, game tokens, and plastic stands. Dice should be relatively easy to come by at your game store as well, and I know Chessex carries a full line of white or creme blank dice in 4,6,8,10,12 or 20 sided varieties. My local gamestore also carries pawns and blank playing cards, but I know that isn't necessarily the norm. For any items you can't find locally, the internet is always worth a search. 
166	boardgames	 I play a lot of cooperative games. The two that we currently play are: Castle Ravenloft - Based on the old D&amp;D theme. Fun and simpler to play. Red November - Gnomish Submarine that continually gets less seaworthy. Also some great quick card games: The Isle of Dr. Necreaux , Space Hulk (as mentioned above) All games are co-op and "all win or all lose". 
167	boardgames	 When is a good time to backstab an ally in Diplomacy? Should I backstab if I can grab a Supply Centre or two, or should I wait for an opportunity to eliminate an enemy? 
168	boardgames	 I tend to find that beginners backstab too early, and do so to just grab an SC or two. Real experts seem to play with much more fluid alliance systems where it's not entirely clear what a backstab would be. But as an intermediate player, my usual plan is to try to backstab just as we eliminate our first victim, or a little later - somewhere in the 7-10 SC range. Time the backstab to cripple the former ally, so you can eliminate them pretty quickly, and you're well on the way to winning. 
169	boardgames	 I think I can learn more if I see what people some kyu above me do. I'm aware of a related question , but I think, this one is more specific and might diverge. 
170	boardgames	 I'm afraid you do understand the ruling correctly (there is no GW statement on this that I'm aware of since there's no conflict in the two rules). The important thing to remember is that the substitution is optional - if you're likely to take massive damage from fearless, take a chance on the dice and use their adjusted leadership (adjusted for modifiers from the combat). I think that you will find that your decision on taking casualties vs risking a failed leadership check will greatly depend on the unit and what you're trying to do with it (a unit of 30 gretchin designed to hold up an assault squad is going to happily take the casualties while your boyz are likely to take their chances with a roll - though even these examples are dependent on what you're trying to do and the current situation on the table). 
172	boardgames	 Try Carcassonne . You can be competitive if you want, but there's no need. Beautiful maps you can create. And if needed you can play with more people. It's quite easy to explain. 
173	boardgames	 I know that FFG's Descent and Doom board games use roughly the same mechanics, but my understanding is that there are numerous small differences that lead people to prefer Descent over Doom. Beyond the differences in theme, what are the mechanical differences between these two games? 
174	boardgames	 You can start here: BoardGameGeek Design Forum You'll find that there are lots of people who make there own games, and lots of examples of how to make and/or publish your games. Check out the first pinned topic: Game Design &amp; Self-Publishing – A Resource for Game Designers Good Luck. 
175	boardgames	 Most card games have a fairly common etiquette. One rule for Rummy I know of is that you should announce any intention to adjust the visible cards before touching them, to indicate you are not taking one. What are the other common rules of etiquette for Rummy? 
176	boardgames	 Here's a list from BoardGameGeek: Industry Sources It should get you started on the path to finding everything you need. 
177	boardgames	 I've been told by several people that different countries are statistically better choices for Axis and Allies? Is there any evidence that one or more countries have a significant advantage? 
178	boardgames	 Been looking into the rules a bit but can't find all the answers I want and it's possible this is more of a house rule with no definitive answer, but what I'm looking for is some official ruling if it exists. Do grass continue under bridges? i.e. is the grass connected? I'm thinking of the bridges from for example River 2 that cross the river. Source Also does the grass go around the well/pond from River expansions? Usually even if no other tiles connect the grass we do play as if the grass does connect on well/pond. source Do grass continue around the monastery from Catapult (that has the yellow fair thing stretching from one end to another)? Source Finally Bridges, Castles and Bazaars I'm assuming grass under the wooden bridges does connect? Source There are a lot more pieces in the expansions that basically asks the same question about farmer grass. If there is no official ruling I'm still interested in what is most common out there. 
179	boardgames	 In Magic the Gathering, the decks are required to be no less than 60 cards, but can be larger. Since you can only have 4 of each card (except for basic lands), it seems you would want the limit size to improve your chances of getting the cards you want. Why would you want to play with a larger deck? 
181	boardgames	 I've played Mahjong online through Yahoo. But, there usually aren't that many players on their server. Yahoo also have solitaire Mahjong games, if that's what you're referring to. You could also try MahjongExpress . I've never played on there, but it looks like it requires you to install software, kind of like the online poker games. 
182	boardgames	 Is there a list of Star Players for 2nd Edition of Blood Bowl somewhere? Obviously the ones from Star Players Handbook and Companion Rulebook is simple enough but the ones printed in White Dwarf etc? 
184	boardgames	 Do I understand the rules correctly in that all center cards are replaced when defeated/bought? So I can if I have good power cards spend some runes on replacing cheap cards in order to hope something stronger with a better reward will come up to replace them cards, or is the turn played with the cards at the center and then replaced when your turn finishes? The rules as I read them seems to suggest that they are replaced when fought/bought but that made the game feel very strange. This might simply be a feeling based on playing a lot of Dominion lately with its restrictions. 
185	boardgames	 I have the perfect game for you guys: Last Night On Earth . I've played dozens of board games, and I really don't go back to any of them anymore except for this one. It is a co-op game, as long as you have more than 3 players. The reason for this is that you have Heroes and Zombies and someone has to be zombies. However, this is why it's not a highly competitive game: as much as Heroes may want to win, the chances of that happening are unlikely. Ok, I know this sounds ridiculous: "why would I want to play a game which one side almost always wins?!." The answer is simple, Last Night on Earth's charm lies in recreating B zombie movie cliches and playing through impossible odds. You are encouraged to create your own rules and try new things. 
187	boardgames	 Statistically, I think the Axis get the short end. I tried finding some web site specifically discussing stats on various countries, but came up empty, so you'll have to settle for qualitative data from me at least. I havn't played this game in years, but I always like playing Russia. I would say Russia is the best in terms of fun to play, but it's not the strongest. Overall, A&amp;A is an economic game &amp; the Allies have the advantage. So from that perspective, the US &amp; UK might be considered 'best countries', if there is such a thing. If you like playing the Axis side, I would rank Germany as having a small advantage on the first turn, but it erodes quickly. If you haven't wiped out the British fleet early in the game and made solid progress into Africa by the time the Americans start showing up, well... lets just say a bunker suicide might not sound so bad after all. A risky strategy has Germany taking Leningrad early. If you can hold it at the beginning of your turn, the game is basically over. You have to have plenty of luck on your side. A safer approach is to go for Africa &amp; have Japan invade Asia UK, US &amp; Russia are all good late game countries. If you can keep a UK fleet alive through the early phases of the game, you can effectively pin Germany down in Europe build up major industry in India. Early in the game, the UK is mostly a punching bag. As Russia, you can prevent an early assault by massing infantry on you borders, especially against Germany. You make attacks against you prohibitively expensive, but you are free to send waves of infantry into Germany if you see any weakness there. Links: 
188	boardgames	 A city cuts a field in two, as does a road, even if it appears elevated in the drawing. So that tile from River 2 has four fields on it. However, if the field wraps around a feature on the tile--such as the lake at the end of the river, a cloister at the end of a road, or the river source--then the field is connected. I haven't played with Catapult, but judging from the picture, it looks to me like that Cloister and the stuff connected to it do divide the field. I'm sure the rules that came with that expansion address it. 
189	boardgames	 While not necessarily "board games" there are a few card games that have a nice solo option: The Isle Of Dr. Necreaux has a great pulp sci-fi theme Space Hulk: Death Angel is a good single or two player game that recreates the feel of the board game well. Chainsaw Warrior — you, a chainsaw, and stuff that needs chainsawing... nuff said. 
190	boardgames	 I have only played one game of Ascension, and I got the same idea. Here is the ruling directly from the download-able FAQ : Q: When does a card in the center row get replaced? If I defeat Mephit, do I banish a card in the center row before or after a new card replaces the Mephit? A: Whenever a card leaves the center row, the first thing that happens is that it is replaced from the center deck . There should be six cards in the center row at all times. In this instance, if you defeat Mephit, you replace the Mephit from the center deck and then make your decision about what card to banish. FAQ Link 
191	boardgames	 Once you have learned some basic strategy, the best way to learn is to play. If you don't have a friend or neighbor to play with, then I highly recommend the American Go Association. They have a great resources page , links to clubs, books and teaching software . The AGA maintains a list of Internet Go Servers for on-line play, including some turn-based servers. Turn-based servers are good for beginners because there is no pressure to move quickly — you play via email. The Dragon Go Server is dedicated to Go. The great thing about Go is that it is easy to handicap. You and a much more accomplished player can both enjoy a game together, you just have to handicap the expert player. 
192	boardgames	 From a strategy standpoint, my answer would be "You wouldn't". The mathematics of probability in drawing from a 60 card deck vs a 61 or 62 card deck change (almost dramatically). Here's an interesting article . However, I think that often you can start with more than 60 cards when 'testing' a deck. Often you find that a card doesn't fit or ' play nice with others ' and should come out. Same with cards that you draw and think "I wish I hadn't drawn that". Those cards come out also. So to summarize, when testing ideas, 60+ is okay. For tournament play, reduce to 60. 
193	boardgames	 Adding diversity seems to the biggest reason you'd want to go over 60. Since most decks are designed around getting certain cards, increasing the size of the deck beyond sixty decreases the probability of drawing any one card. Since a deck is limited to only four copies of a non land card usually, this added diversity comes at the cost of significantly reducing the chances of getting a certain card in a given game. I think for players looking to experiment, or looking for decks that deliver truly random results, having a deck larger then sixty isn't an issue. Larger decks could be fun for some people to play since they can have a much larger selection of spells, but I don't there are any strategic reasons for doing. Larger decks are going to be much less constant on getting the cards you need, when you need them. Most magic decks are highly focused one or at most two strategies for winning. Especially when your looking for a certain card combination to win, having extra cards will just reduce the odds of you getting the cards you need. 
194	boardgames	 Is there something anyone knows of that you can apply to the surface of a board game to protect it against wear so that it lasts longer? 
195	boardgames	 The Age of Steam expansion Barbados is a one-player map. The random cube distribution at the beginning makes it interesting to replay. Note that this map is included in the 3rd edition of Age of Steam. 
196	boardgames	 Four is thought to be one of the best ones to start with. You'll be assured of going first or second (though I'd avoid three), and you can buy a full boat of coal that will tide you over until turn 3. 
197	boardgames	 When on New Caprica in the Pegasus expansion, can a crisis effect move a player from Detention to the Medical Center? The Cylon players allowed it in the individual instance to try and keep the game running and fun, but we had some doubts about whether or not it is legal to be forced out of Detention simply by a crisis forcing the current player to move someone on New Caprica to the Medical Center. 
198	boardgames	 If I'm the first player, I always go for the most powerful settlement, since I have no idea what I'll get when it comes back around to me. If I'm last, I grab spots that based on the numbers and the available ports will get me an advantage. I also like to try to place the second settlement on a brick/wood combo so I can start with a road. The other positions are variations in between the others. In general, I try very hard for number diversity. I love it when I can get both a 6 and an 8 placement. Next in line is at least 3 of the following: 5, 6, 8, 9. The final thing you have to look out for is that you have somewhere to go. 
199	boardgames	 The Independent Chip Model (ICM) is a way of calculating the right decision when playing the bubble in Texas Hold'em tournaments. Three players: A = Player 1's Stack B = Player 2's Stack C = Player 3's Stack T = Total chips in play A * .5 + B * (A * .3 + C * .2) / (A + C) + C * (A * .3 + B * .2) / (A + B)) / T 
200	boardgames	 I play many games (Settlers, Puerto Rico, Ticket to Ride) against the computer. Their strategies get old after a while, but it gives me some practice. Lots of the popular games are also online. 
201	boardgames	 The usual recommendation is to get a sheet of plexiglass (known as Perspex&reg; in the UK) and lay that across the board when you're playing. It's an especially good solution for "board" games that don't actually have a board. Well-made board-backed games don't really need any help, but many small-press games have the board printed on stiff card or even paper. Paper gaming surfaces go back at least to SPI's foundation in 1969, and so do plexiglass coverings to prevent them getting ruined. 
202	boardgames	 Initial placement is critical, but once you've seen the layout, you can devise a strategy that will get you something. One of the big goals you should be going for is number diversity, so that you're always getting something. 
203	boardgames	 The rules in Tsuro are very vague about what happens once the players start to run out of tiles. What's the best way to handle how titles are drawn in Tsuro when a player goes out, and other players are lacking tiles. I know the dragon title is placed at the end of the deck, and signifies that a player who draws the dragon tile should received a card once one becomes available, but what happens if more then one player has less then three tiles? It's conceivable for a player to go out to take out more then one player, possibly freeing multiple tiles. Should all player lacking tiles go back up to three if they can? 
204	boardgames	 Implied odds or implied pot odds are calculated the same way as pot odds, but consider future betting. You figure implied odds in situations where you expect to fold in the next round if you don't make your draw. You lose no more bets if you miss, but can expect to gain extra bets if you hit the draw. An example. Say you see the flop with 2 other players acting before you in a NL game. You flop a gutshot straight draw. The first player bets and the second calls and now the pot is laying you 7:1. For a gutshot you want 10:1 or better; however, if you hit your straight on the turn, you stand to stack off one or both of your opponents. Thus your implied odds are considerably greater than 7:1, so you call. Implied odds with a flush draw can be dicier. Namely because you can hit your flush on the turn and that kills the action. And your implied odds. The example is a very simple one. If you were in the same scenario, but 2nd to act instead of last; you would be in a much different situation in that the last player could raise and ruin (or not) your implied odds. Additionally, stack sizes matter. If your opponents are short stacked you may not have the odds for the call. So, when considering implied odds be very aware of the situation. 
205	boardgames	 We try to be as lenient as possible, no one wants a crappy game because they forgot one thing. I always give slack, because I always want slack. 
206	boardgames	 When I first started playing Dominion, I saw the Bureaucrat and thought, cool, free silver and an attack! I bought one almost every time it was available. The more I played, though, I began to realize I didn't seem to do very well in the end when I used it heavily. As I thought about it, I realized there is one big detriment to Bureaucrat: it adds to your draw pile, and thus slows down how quickly you can rotate through your deck. It may help your next hand, but that Gold you just bought will take longer to come back around. So my question is this: Are there key strategies that make excellent use of the Bureaucrat's abilities, and if so, what are they? How do you capitalize on this card, and when are you best to ignore it? 
207	boardgames	 You have to balance it out with other cards that will give you buying power for the current turn. It is especially powerful if you have multiple actions, and can use a later play to draw cards immediately getting that Silver into play. 
208	boardgames	 The bankroll is your safe haven. The bankroll is what makes you different from a gambler, betting, bet again, breaks and puts more money in the game. The bankroll is a fundamental part of you being a poker player. Treat it with due importance. The bankroll should be large. It's more than you think you need. It is much larger than you want it. The truth is that you need a lot. Why you need a lot? Because of something called a variance. You know that poker is a game of skill, but in the short term, luck plays a great importance. Even the best players end up having to go through hard times. This is part of the game and every player should be able to handle it. The fact that your bankroll vary up and down over the course of the game is known as variance. The more aggressive style, the greater the variability. And the more you play a game of high variance (as MTT or 6-max), the greater the ups and downs will meet your bankroll. There is no escaping the variance. Even if you are prudent and cautious, your bankroll will experience ups and downs. When in high, it's just joy, but the low that you need a good bankroll. You need a box that allows you to resist the bad times without breaking. Because if you break, will not be able to enjoy the sound stage, which will certainly come back. The bankroll should always be calculated in relation to buy-ins or stakes of the games you want to play. A bankroll of $ 1000 can be big or little ... depends on the buy-in. If you're playing $ 5 SNG's (Sit and Go) tournament, this is a pretty good bankroll. Have to play $ 50 SNGs, it is little. A bankroll of $ 2000 is big enough for you to face without fear NL cash tables 0.10 to 0.20. But the same bankroll can not stand the jolt of the NL tables 1-2. There are methods to calculate the bankroll according to your ROI, ie its return on investment. I do not advise a beginner to use this method. To know your ROI and you need a good time and a lot of hands in poker tournaments or played (even many). Moreover, the game changes, changing tables, opponents change. Your ROI will not be the same as six months ago, it will fluctuate a lot over time. So for those just starting out, I suggest being guided by the amount of buy-ins. It is simpler and is guaranteed. As I said above, in relation to the bankroll, you better be cautious. Here are my recommendations: Cash games 6-Max: 100 buy-ins Down to level 60 with buy-ins Full Ring: 80 buy-ins Down to level 55 with buy-ins Tournaments Sit and Go: 50 buy-ins Level down to 30 buy-ins MTT: 100 buy-ins Down to level 60 with buy-ins These numbers mean the minimum number of buy-ins that you must have to a certain level and when you should go down a level. For example, if you want to play SNG tournaments of $ 2, your bankroll should be $ 100. If your bankroll drops to $ 60 or less, switch to the $ 1 SNG. If you want to play $ 10 SNG, the bankroll should be $ 500. The bankroll has dropped below $ 300? Change to the $ 5 SNG. No need to take into account the rake calculation. In cash games, is the same thing with just one more detail: if you play with full stack, the value of each buy-in is the sum of 100 big blinds. If you are a shortstacker each buy-in is worth 20 big blinds. So if you want to play 6-max 0.10-0.20, your bankroll should be $ 2000. If your bankroll drops below $ 1200, go to the games of 0.05-0.10. If you are entering a shortstacker with 20% of the buy-in, your bankroll at 6-max from 010 to 0.20 to be $ 400. Where to stay under $ 240, get off of level. 
209	boardgames	 In my circle of friends, our Settlers of Catan games started sprawling uncontrollably, so we started playing with a clock that gave, I believe, one minute per turn and saved our spare time to use in future turns. (It also handled the switchback start for initial placement. We're all software engineers so writing our own wasn't especially difficult.) After playing with the clock for a few games we got the hang of how to speed the game along, especially thinking and planning ones' next move between turns. (It also helped that we all had roughly the same level of experience with Catan, so no one felt especially overwhelmed by the idea of jumping unprepared into the game.) 
211	boardgames	 Is Mr. Jack a balanced game, or do experienced gamers tend to win more often with either the Inspector or Jack the Ripper? 
212	boardgames	 My wife and I enjoy playing board games (having gotten hooked on Settlers of Catan and expanded from there) but we don't often have the opportunity to play with other people. The question What cooperative board games are there that I could safely play with my wife? is similar but we're less concerned about avoiding conflict and more interested in gameplay. (The question Good board games for single player is also similar.) What board games are good for two players? Edit: Having done a poor job in limiting the scope of my question, since there are clearly too many board games to list them all, let me try to clarify. I'm looking for games with similar scope, time requirements, cost, and complexity to Settlers of Catan that play well with two adult players. I'm not especially concerned by the level of cooperation or competition required, but I'd like to avoid anything especially blood-thirsty. 
213	boardgames	 There are a ton of variables to deal with, such as where everyone else has already placed, the numbers on the resources, and nearby ports. I always like to try and get my brick/wood combo on my first placement, because that's absolutely necessary for roads and settlements. For my second placement, I'll go for whatever I'm lacking. If you have to skip out on a resource, I generally skip out on ore, because you don't need it until late game. There are always exceptions -- I'm a sucker for a high-number resource with a matching port nearby. I'm also a sucker for placing two settlements so I can get both numbers -- yesterday I managed to get lumber and brick on 6's -- instant roads for every six. I haven't played Seafarers, can't help you there. 
214	boardgames	 I'm a big fan of Carcassonne -- the game is better with more people, but you can certainly play it with two people, and since it's a tile-laying game, the board will always be different. In my opinion, the game bogs down with expansions, but the core set (with or without the River Expansion), is a lot of fun. 
215	boardgames	 Are there any other board games that have similar game mechanics to Risk ? 
216	boardgames	 I've played Axis &amp; Allies: Europe BGG quite a few times now. It seems that Germany always wins by rushing for Moskva in all the games I've played. Usually USA never plays an important role, coming late to Europe. By the time England is strong enough to invade Germany, the race is more or less over. What good counter strategies against Germany am I missing? 
218	boardgames	 I generally think of Axis and Allies as being like advanced Risk. Also there are all of the different Risk clones, 2210, LoTR, Star Wars, Godstorm and others which introduce slight variants in maps and rules. Of those I'd recommend 2210, but if you can handle the complexity, which isn't bad in the grand scheme, Axis and Allies is the way to go. 
219	boardgames	 Fury of Dracula has a fog-of-war mechanic in which one player plays Dracula, whose moves are generally hidden from the other players, while the other players collude (in plain view of both each other and Dracula) to kill Dracula. Everyone knows up front who is playing Dracula, but the other players have to guess what Dracula is doing. 
220	boardgames	 I happen to love Memoir '44 and the Battlelore system by Days of Wonder. Now Fantasy Flight owns the rights to Battlelore and has also released a Westeros version based off George RR Martins A Song of Ice and Fire series. It's pretty quick and easy to set up and the system itself is very versatile. With many different games/scenarios/expansions using roughly the same rules you can pick and choose the setting and the exact game in the set that's right for you. The basic premise involves two players coordinating small units in a single battle on a hex grid based map. I'm also a fan of classic card games including cribbage, which is played with a board, but probably not what you were going for. 
221	boardgames	 How would I set up a good placement in Stratego, especially with bombs and the flag? What is a good strategy for varying the placement? 
222	boardgames	 Is there any national or world level governing body that holds an annual Championship? 
223	boardgames	 At the start of the game, the Allies have a significant advantage over the Axis due a variety of reasons, including: Their combined economic power The fact that there are three Allies playing against two Axis US's economic strength and the fact that its richest territories are virtually safe from attack due to their distance from the European and Asian theaters Because the Allies have the best chance to win at the start of the game, it would seem to follow that the "best country" would be one of the Allies. Of the three, the US has the most enviable position - they have the strongest economy and their homeland is far away from the Axis powers. Yes, Japan can sink America's Pacific fleet and take Hawaii or Alaska if they so desire, but unless the American player is really green, there's no way Japan should take Eastern or Western US. Therefore, I'd rate the US as the "best country." That aside, Germany has the strongest position of any one country at the start. They have a good ratio of infantry to tanks to fighters and bombers for offensive maneuvering, and they control the very rich European heartland. Unfortunately, their naval strength is in the Mediterranean and the German player must decide whether to leave them there to reinforce Africa or whether to move them to aid in delaying the Allies controlling the Atlantic. Also, because Russia gets to go first they can greatly reinforce their Western front, thereby slowing any German advance toward Moscow, giving the UK and US an opportunity to build, supply, control the Atlantic, and reinforce Russia via Finland. All said, I'd rank the countries as follows from strongest to weakest: US UK Japan Germany Russia I actually rate Japan higher than Germany because traditional Allies strategy is to have the US abandon the Pacific and focus 100% on supplying troops to Russia and aiding UK in taking and holding Africa and, ideally, Western Europe. In that scenario, the Axis's chance for victory hinge on Japan. If Russia is to fall, it's usually ideal for Japan to take out Russia's capital rather than Germany, since it's not uncommon for Germany to be under siege by that point in the game. With too little IPC and with the US and UK in Europe, Germany's possession of Russia does it little good. Conversely, if Japan holds Russia she can build tanks and infantry to reinforce Europe, hold southern Asia, or breeze through Africa, depending on what's needed. 
224	boardgames	 I have a Carcassonne Big Box (containing The Tower, Inns &amp; Cathedrals, Traders &amp; Builders, and The Princess &amp; the Dragon). I consulted those rules. Fields do not continue past bridges. This is shown on page 7, using a tile that looks like a + of roads, one of them containing a bridge that looks like it could feasibly not split the field. [emphasis theirs] The bridge is not a crossing! One road rune [sic] from left to right across the tile and the other runs from top to bottom across the tile. The field segments are all separated. Fields do wrap around the edges of the River. This is stated on page 11. The field space on the lake and spring tiles wraps around those features. I cannot answer the Catapult question or the Bridges, Castles, and Bazaars question with authority. I would guess the Catapult ones are divided while the Castles ones are not. 
225	boardgames	 I'd suggest Ticket to Ride . ( BoardGameGeek link ) The rules are simple, and the game can move fairly quickly with two experienced players. Since your trying to get to different destinations each time you play, it also provides diversity when playing with two people. 
226	boardgames	 There is no hard and fast answer for a good placement in Stratego, in part because as soon as someone learns your regular setup they can easily counter. Many good strategies can work once but not regularly. In general, common logic is to keep the flag in the back of your field surrounded by bombs. Corners are also great because they only require two bombs instead of three to cover. Both are excellent strategies with the weakness being predictability. It is still a good idea to protect a flag on as many sides as possible with mines. Setting up dummy flags with a Sergeant in wait for a miner is also common. One of my favorite ploys is to leave the flag behind one of the lakes unprotected, or protected only on one side or both as not to be conspicuous. Many players will assume that the flag is in the back row and go charging past that ignored Lieutenant or Sergeant. I also commonly pick one of my three entrances and double bomb it off. If the other player is set to attack all three fronts evenly it can throw a kink in their plans as they need to move a miner in to clear the way. Also the miner is sure to be gobbled up as soon as it defuses one of the mines to clear a path. 
227	boardgames	 I found some rules here . Wow, here's some tricky wording. Emphasis mine for this quote: If there are more yes votes than no votes then the player lays the tile in the normal way. If however the number of no votes beats the yes votes then the player returns the tile to his hand. It clearly says "Yes &gt; No" to place the tile. However, it doesn't actually say "No &gt; Yes;" rather, it says "No beats Yes". My interpretation of that is that the number of yes votes must be strictly greater than the no votes to cover a toilet; otherwise, including on a tie, the nos have it. 
228	boardgames	 Ta Yü is one of my favorite 2 player games. It is a tile placing game. The first player plays a tile in the middle of a large square gridded board. The tiles are 2x1 blocks that have a river section on them with 3-4 outlets on each tile. Each player in turn plays tiles which have to match the river flow. The object is to direct river outlets to opposite sides of the board. One player controls the top and bottom of the board, the other controls the left and right. The score at the end is the product of the number of river outflows on each side. This forces each player to work in two directions for themselves while frustrating their opponent on two directions as well. Nearly anyone can pick up the basics of the game quickly and it rewards repeated play. There is also a really good three player version, but it requires that all 3 people have some experience with the game first as the players need to bid at the start of the game. 
229	boardgames	 The Royal Garden states: At game end, the owner of the occupied royal garden takes 1 VP for each noble on his island . As each noble is normally worth 1 VP (whether on a building, plantation or in San Juan), with the occupied royal garden each is worth 2 VPs to that player". Puerto Rico defines "island" as the twelve spaces at the bottom of the board to place plantation tiles; the Royal Garden states that you get 1 VP for each noble on his island (which I would assume means "nobles on plantations") but then goes on to state that nobles in San Juan and buildings are worth 1 extra VP as well. So... which is it? Do nobles on island tiles get the extra VP, or nobles on your entire board get the extra VP? 
230	boardgames	 Which type of ports do you find more useful in Settlers of Catan, General 3-to-1 ports or 2-to-1 ports for a specific resource? 
231	boardgames	 You might be playing in a format that mandates it. One example is Commander , which uses a deck of precisely 100 cards, with no cards repeated save basic land. 
232	boardgames	 The rule in all cases is the same. A field is contiguous only if there is an unbroken path of green on the tile(s). The large wooden bridge does not interrupt the green so it does not break the field. Everything else you mentioned does except for the path around the well/pond. 
233	boardgames	 My wife and I really enjoy Lost Cities . It's a pretty simple card game, but there is a fair amount of depth to it, and only takes around 30 minutes to finish 3 rounds. 
234	boardgames	 Unfortunately, it depends. After the initial layout you want to try to identify which resources will be scarce and dominate them. At the same time you want to try to identify which resources will be plentiful and dominate them and position yourself for the related 2-1 port. It's unusual that you will be able to accomplish all of that :) Once the layout is down, and folks have placed their initial cities you can then work to determine if you will have significant extra of a commodity. If so, see if you can angle towards the 2-1 port. If not, the 3-1 can work out just fine. 
235	boardgames	 In my opinion, a player's island is their game board, unless explicitly referring to plantations. Its semantically tricky, as the island on the board contains San Juan which is implicitly the player's city. I admit, that's kind of shaky reasoning. With regards to the Royal Garden explicitly, an unofficial translation of the original rules was: At game’s end the owner of the Garden gains 2 VP for each Noble he owns instead of the usual 1VP/Noble. This is true wherever his Nobles are: building, plantation, San Juan, etc... (source) And it makes more sense in terms of design as the rest of the expansion clearly wants you to place Nobles on buildings. 
236	boardgames	 San Juan is a really fun game that works well with two players (although it plays up to 4). Puerto Rico is a very popular and highly acclaimed board game; San Juan is its card-driven little brother. In short, you are responsible for developing the city of San Juan by growing crops and building buildings. There are many viable strategies, so the game changes from one play to the next, and it's a lot of fun to discover just what those viable strategies are. There is not a whole lot of direct interaction with your opponent in the game, although the decisions you make are certainly heavily influenced by what your opponent is doing. 
237	boardgames	 History of the World is played much like Risk . There are 7 epochs. During each epoch a player takes control of a different empire from the past. They expand and conquer as much as they can (this part plays out very similar to Risk). Next epoch they play a new vibrant empire. Scoring is based on area control at the end of each player's turn. Last year a new edition was released called, A Brief History of the World which is supposed to play to completion quicker. I haven't yet tried it. 
239	boardgames	 A couple Bureaucrat's are generally a good investment. You need to limit the total number of Action cards in your deck that do not give +Actions. They are all dead ends. If there are several cards that give +Actions, maybe you can get a few extra Bureaucrat's. Silver is a pretty good turn early in the game, but you need to progress to gold and Provinces. If there is a way that you can trash Bureaucrats in the mid to late game, that would be advantageous. 
240	boardgames	 My wife's favorite game is Balloon Cup . 2-player only, plays quickly, nice components. 
241	boardgames	 Two variants of games that are originally better suited to 3+ people: Ticket to Ride: Switzerland brings a board that is far tighter than the original (or the European variant). Carcassonne: The Castle is explicitly a two-player game in which the building the courtyard of the castle is constricted by the walls. 
242	boardgames	 Usually, I find that 2-to-1 ports are more valuable. They produce resources of your choice at half again the rate as 3-to-1, and you will usually have a resource that you will have a surplus of and can shoot for the 2-to-1 in that resource. Of course, it does depend on the circumstances; sometimes, you just can't reach the appropriate 2-to-1 or really have an even balance of resources, and it's better to shoot for a 3-to-1 instead. But I'd say that all else being equal, a 2-to-1 that you have a good chance of a surplus in is preferable to 3-to-1. 
243	boardgames	 I agree - this has always bugged me about the Tsuro rules. What we've done is: Whenever a player is eliminated, if there are players who are short tiles, then starting with the player holding the dragon, go around clockwise and give each player who is short one more tile. I think that works best and spreads out the influx of new tiles on a player death. My concern with giving all the new tiles to whoever's holding the dragon is that it's not fair to the other players who may also be short tiles. 
245	boardgames	 I'm a big fan of the Kosmos 2-player series ; not all of the games are great, but most of them are solid, and they're all geared specifically for two players, they come in small and easily portable boxes, and they're generally reasonably light while having just enough strategic depth to keep them interesting. My favorite is Kahuna , as I find the gameplay a bit more strategically interesting than most, and my girlfriend likes Odin's Ravens best. I've heard good things about Lost Cities , but never had a chance to play it. There are many good games in the series; you can try sorting them by rank on BoardGameGeek , and look through the first few pages to find the best ones. 
246	boardgames	 There is also Dust , which is set in an alternate World War II. There you have mechs and tanks, submarines and destroyers, bombers and fighters. New additions also include character-based powers, fortified positions and capitals. Unlike vanilla RISK, it uses a VP track to determine victory. One of the interesting part of the combat is that tanks soak damage before mechs, fighters soak damage before bombers and destroyers soak damage before submarines (If I recall correctly). Mechs, Bombers and Submarines provide more offense in the game The official site for the game is here . 
247	boardgames	 How can I stay strong enough to avoid being eliminated while at the same time avoid being too strong and making myself a target? 
249	boardgames	 When a player takes a card from the Chancery, can he only take the top card, or can he look through the entire pile from the Chancery and picks a card he wants (except the one he just sold). 
252	boardgames	 The expansion for Pandemic includes a 'bio-terrorist' where one of the players is secretly a 'traitor'. 
254	boardgames	 Shogun is another similar game. The combat is different in this game (you are not using dice at all) but gathering resources and conquering other provinces (which act like countries in Risk) has the same basic principles. 
255	boardgames	 The problem with backstabbing in a "best time to backstab" is that your ally might also backstab you or be expecting you to backstab. I once backstabbed France when I was England. We could have won a two way victory. But I saw He was getting stronger much faster than me, so I backstabbed him and evened our strenghts. The problem was that now I totally lost credibility and was in danger of having to fight my former ally and the third player who was left. We ended up in a three way victory. So to provide an answer to your question. I think that the best time for a backstab is when you can make it look like to everyone else that you were doing the right thing. And/or already have other allies upon who you can rely. 
256	boardgames	 I think this BGG forum topic is a great comparison of those two games. 
257	boardgames	 How about Twilight Imperium. We always play and when I explain to someone who is not into the scene what it is I always end up saying:"Ok, do you know Risk? Well it's like that but more complicated". But I guess there are loads of game that then qualify as advanced Risk :). 
258	boardgames	 Ozymandia is simultaneous Risk, simplified to its essence. 
259	boardgames	 There's an entire list of lists of games to play with your loved one on Board Game Geek. My wife enjoys the Settlers of Catan card game, but some people hate it. I recommend the Kosmos two-player games, particularly Odin's Ravens and Balloon Cup. 
260	boardgames	 There are many games with a "traitor" or "uninformed majority" type mechanics. In some of them, such as Mafia and Are You The Traitor?, that is the main point of the game; you are trying to discover each person's role, with not much else on top of that. In others, it's a more incidental feature, usually involving the win conditions for each player or team, but with more traditional gameplay mechanics for the main duration of the game. In the following descriptions, I sketch only out how the "traitor" mechanics work for each game, not how the whole game works. There's Mafia , also known as Werewolf or Assassin, which is probably the most well known, and one of the oldest, of the genre. In its most basic form (using Werewolf terminology), you have two Werewolves, one Seer, and the rest are Villagers, though only the Werewolves know who each other are. Each day, everyone (Villagers, Seer, and Werewolves) try to decide who the Werewolves are, and hang one person. Each night, the Werewolves silently and secretly choose one person to kill. Each night, the Seer gets to discover, silently and secret, whether one player is the Werewolf. The humans (Villagers and Seer) win if they kill both of the Werewolves, the Werewolves win if they equal the humans in number. The Seer is trying to help guide the Villagers to kill the Werewolves instead of innocent Villagers, without revealing himself as he will be killed by the Werewolves the next night (unless he identifies both of them openly; but of course, a Werewolf could also claim to be the Seer...). In Are You The Traitor? from Looney Labs, there is a Key-Holder, trying to deliver a key to the Good Wizard, while the Evil Wizard tries to get the key instead (only the wizards know which is which). The Guards are trying to help the Key-Holder get the key to the Good Wizard, but there's a Traitor in their midst, who's trying to (secretly) reveal to the Evil Wizard who has the key, without being caught by the Guards. The Good team wins if the Key-Holder delivers the key to the Good Wizard, or the Guards catch the Traitor. The evil team wins if the Key-Holder accidentally delivers the key to the Evil Wizard, the Guards attack someone other than the Traitor, or the Evil Wizard catches the Key-Holder is before the Key-Holder delivers the key (the Traitor can never win directly, only by communicating secretly to the Evil Wizard). It's an interesting twist on traitor mechanics, lots of different roles, all with very different goals, but still has the basics of the traitor mechanics. The multi-player version of Homeworlds , an Icehouse game has a traitor mechanic, though the 2 player version, Binary Homeworlds , is more popular. In the multi-player version, players are secretly assigned Good and Evil roles. The basic mechanics of the game are an abstract strategy game, in which players are trying to eliminate each other (I won't go into the details, as they aren't relevant to the traitor mechanic). The Good players are on a team; they win if all Evil players are eliminated. Each Evil player is playing for themselves; they win if they eliminate any other player, Good or Evil. So, Good players are all cooperating, and Evil players are all competing. Bang! is a spaghetti western card game, with a Sheriff who is known to everyone, and Deputies, Outlaws, and a Renegade. The Outlaws are trying to kill the Sheriff, the Sheriff and Deputies are trying to kill the Outlaws and Renegade, and the Renegade is trying to be the last man standing. Napoleon is a trick-taking card game (played with ordinary playing cards) originally from Japan (and apparently over 100 years old, though not in its exact present form). 10 cards are dealt to each player, and two blinds are left. The players bid a number of tricks and a trump suit, similar to Bridge. The winning bidder is Napoleon. He names another card, and the player who has that card becomes his General (but only the General knows that); they together need to make the bid to win the game. Napoleon now gets to take the two blinds, and discard two cards; if the card he named was one of the blinds, he's playing alone, with no General. The game is then played as a trick taking game with the named trump. No one but the General knows who that is, and Napoleon and the General (or Napoleon alone) are playing on a team against the other players, who are also on a team. Shadows Over Camelot is a cooperative game, but there is a variant in which one player might be a traitor (or there may be no traitor). The players are working together against the game, but the traitor will try and sabotage the progress of the other players while remaining undiscovered. The loyal knights may accuse someone of being the traitor; if they're correct, they get an advantage, if they're wrong, they're set back; of course, depending on the game, there might not even be a traitor. If the traitor remains secret until the end of the game, he can set the players back and turn victory into defeat. In The Resistance you are a group of resistance fighter running missions against a corrupt and evil government. However, there are government spies in your midst. You need to complete three out of five missions successfully, without a spy sabotaging the mission. Each round, a new player is the leader, and must select a team, trying to choose only loyal resistance fighters and no spies. After selecting the team, the players vote on whether that team should be formed. If the spies sow discord, and no team can be formed after 5 tries, the spies win and the government crushes the resistance. Otherwise, they go on the mission; but any spies on the mission have the chance to sabotage it, causing it to fail. If they do, however, they risk being found out. 
261	boardgames	 Maze is a chess-like game that is cooperative. It's basically a puzzle where each player moves the pieces on his side of the board. The publisher specializes in cooperative games, but most of them are for kids. 
262	boardgames	 Have you considered games that are more like puzzles? They can still be competitive, but it's more of a race than a fist fight. The best example I can think of is Ricochet Robots . A similar category is deduction games like Mastermind and its relatives Black Box and Zone X . For another kind of puzzle game, see if you can track down Situation 4 . It's a competitive jigsaw puzzle. (I'm not kidding.) This is mostly aimed at kids, but I find the idea hilarious. 
263	boardgames	 One way to ease the competitive pressure is to play silly games so that the players don't take them too seriously. Cheapass Games are a good choice, with Kill Dr. Lucky being my favourite. I also like dexterity games for the same reason. Some have a bit of strategy, but nobody takes them too seriously. I like Pitch Car , Villa Paletti , Bausack , and Polarity . 
264	boardgames	 Knizia's Lord of the Rings game is the only truly cooperative game I know of. The players are playing against the board so to speak. Many people like it because of the "working together to reach a goal" without a human adversary element (most other coop games feature one player to be the 'bad guy'). 
265	boardgames	 Any recommendations or variants for playing Crokinole? We say that you have to stay seated in your chair with at least one cheek touching to make your shot. 
266	boardgames	 In Shark I think the game ends in one of two ways. Either one company reaches 15 points, or one pile of counters runs out. In the first case what happens if a company would reach 16 points? In the second case does the game end immediately after placing the counter, or does it continue until that colour is rolled again? 
267	boardgames	 Are there any (official/unofficial) alternatives to the major improvements in Agricola? 
268	boardgames	 Hold a medium-to-small sized continent (like South America or Africa) and avoid aggression while you build up. Attempting to take Asia, Europe, or North America will raise a lot of red flags, and Australia's defensibility makes it suspicious too. RISK is defined in the later game by the ridiculous armies you get when trading in cards, so your main task is to be in the position to trade in for a lot, then bust out of your home and take another continent. 
269	boardgames	 You don't gain anything! Pilebunker's actual wording is: Opponents reveal their hands, trash their largest [Gem chip], then gain that many [1 Gem chip]s. Note that it's "then gain", not "then you gain" - each opponent gains the 1-Gems. Pilebunker effectively splits their biggest gem in their hand into 1-gems, diluting their deck. 
270	boardgames	 Games of Descent take MUCH longer! This may be because of the added complexity of a 'role-playing' style game I guess. Base mechanics of both games are mostly the same, so if you need to pick one, go with the one which has the theme that suits you best (fantasy dungeon-crawling or sci-fi/horror shooting). 
271	boardgames	 There are two sides to Risk, one of them being the actual armies, countries and cards you hold. As lilserf correctly points out, you usually aren't allowed to hold any major continents. I don't quite agree with Australia. It's easy to defend, but it's usually not near the tension and there's the danger that you get isolated, so I don't find it superior over South America or Africa. Now the other side of risk that you shouldn't underestimate is your mouth. Making deals, persuading etc, can have a huge impact on how the other players react. The most dangerous thing is often a player getting a lot of armies without really having a plan of what to do. Here the weapon is not what's on the board, but what's in your mouth. 
272	boardgames	 I really like Risk 2210 A.D. . Basically a faster, more Aggressive risk (also more luck and less strategy, but this does not take away from the fun of nuking a continent :)) Quest for the Dragonlords also plays a little like risk, but, to be honest, fails miserably at being any fun to play. 
273	boardgames	 Knizia's Lords series ( Minotaur Lords &amp; Scarab Lords ) is a lot of fun for a 2 player head-to-head card game. It incorporates elements from area domination, as well as deck customisation (as you would in a trading-card-game). Easy to learn, hard to master! 
274	boardgames	 Recently I've discovered that Army Painter is selling a can of pigmented varnish called Quickshare. Has anyone had any experience with this or other similar products? On the pictures I've found models finished with this stuff look really amazing, but I'd like to know if it's really that good, or were the pictures Photoshopped? Here's a sample photo comparing different tones: 
275	boardgames	 Diplomacy is a similar game in that its aim is to conquer other players land. However it removes the dice and the element of chance, replacing it with face to face negotiation (making it a much better game IMHO). You can play it online for a quick taster. There are also lots of other web based learning resources. 
276	boardgames	 What's a good game for six players? Many games can be played by 6 players, but suffer from a loss of pace, and long waits between turns. What games have parallel planning phases, or lots of interaction during turns? Only one game per answer please (from now on) for voting purposes. 
277	boardgames	 Besides a few mentioned above I like Dominion as a two player game as well as Ascension (so far). 
278	boardgames	 I think Arkham Horror is the great game for that purpose, especially if you add some expansions to it to make it a bit more harder (core set will be quite easy for so big group of Investigators). You don't wait too long between turns because players take actions in phases and these are resolved pretty quick. And the game is also tons of tun. 
279	boardgames	 There are lots of good (and bad) times to back stab, I'm not sure there is an out and out correct answer. This is one of the fun aspects of Diplomacy: its variation. However, early back stabbing is probably almost always best avoided, as you will probably lose credibility with the other players if they think you are unreliable. Sometimes the best back stabs are against players you have had very long alliances with, when they least expect it. I also sometimes wait until I have a (usually hidden) alliance with another player, against the same player I am planning to back stab. That way they get hit with a double whammy and you have an extra level of insurance. Finally, just past the 5th playing hour, as the tiredness and alcohol kicks in, if my experiences are anything to go by, is usually a good time to back stab and lose friends ;) 
280	boardgames	 Catan has an Expansion that allows for two more players to join in on the fun. The rules have been adapted for intermediate building phases in between player turns, which helps prevent long downtimes. Twilight Imperium (Although a pretty hardcore game) allows for 6 players out of the box (I believe). It also has a pretty cool action sequence system in play that makes all players make small moves one at a time, instead of one long turn. Downtime between turns is also minimal. For the more lighthearted games : Koehandel (Don't know the english name), The big Dalmuti, Set and Jungle Speed are all 6+player games, which are also quick and fun! 
281	boardgames	 I used to play Samurai Swords (also known as Shogun) as a kid. It's a lot like Risk, with several unit types, more complex battles, and more territories. It takes forever though. 
282	boardgames	 I have two children aged 8 and 6 and they like to play board games. Some of the ones they have are for very young children and boring for an adult to play. Are there any suggestions for games that they will understand and I can enjoy? 
283	boardgames	 Not in really fast paced games (Where doing something stupid can really be a mood-lifter) like Mag-Blast for example. Almost all other games shouldn't be played too competitively. Usually you don't get to take back a move as soon as an effect of the move is being resolved (dice/cards/etc), but before that, absolutely no problem. With the exception of chess: Touch a piece, and that will be the one you are moving. Let it go, and it is set! (I must admit that I treat chess more like a sport than a game) 
284	boardgames	 Diplomacy only seems to have one set available to buy widely that I am aware of, built by Gibson Games. It's nothing special, an averagely constructed cardboard board with plastic piece s. Are there any other officaly distributed boxes available? Preferably available to order online. There also lots of variations of Diplomacy available online , have any of these made it 'into the wild'? 
285	boardgames	 I have to admit I have not yet tried it but I have two children aged 6 at home and I just bought a copy of The Alley Cats on ebay hoping it will be the game we can play with them. 
286	boardgames	 Legendary Uno . Its card game. Description from BGG: Players race to empty their hands and catch opposing players with cards left in theirs, which score points. In turns, players attempt to play a card by matching its color, number, or word to the topmost card on the discard pile. If unable to play, players draw a card from the draw pile, and if still unable to play, they pass their turn. Wild and special cards spice things up a bit. 
287	boardgames	 Bang Description from BGG: Four different Roles are available, each with a unique victory condition: Sheriff - Kill all Outlaws and the Renegade Deputy - Protect the Sheriff and kill any Outlaws Outlaw Kill the Sheriff Renegade - Be the last person standing A player's Role is kept secret, except for the Sheriff. Character cards are placed face-up on table, and also track strength (hand limit) in addition to special ability. 
288	boardgames	 So far I've found MeeplePeople and BoardGameExtras carrying replacement/extra sets for Carcassonne. I am however missing Mayor, Farm and the Cart(?) from those sets (possibly some expansion I have not played has other tokens as well). Does anyone know where I can get extra/replacement parts for the full range? 
289	boardgames	 I and my gf loves Race For The Galaxy . This game is still very interesting when playing 2, 3 or 4 persons. 
291	boardgames	 Some bigger wargames can be played in teams as three-v-three games. World in Flames and A World at War come immediately to mind as monsters that play better with teams than one-on-one. For a more competitive, individualistic game, I adore Republic of Rome . 
292	boardgames	 Betrayal at the House on the Hill is rather light and is fast-paced even at 6 players. You plays as a character exploring a haunted house, and your available option before the scenario is revealed is to move, turn up a new tile and draw a card. When a scenario starts, and the traitor is revealed, the turn could stretch longer because of combat, but it is still quite fluid. A Song of Ice and Fire features simultaneous hidden orders. Aside from the analysis paralyze typical of the game and resolution, the hidden order feature makes the game faster than other war-games. 
293	boardgames	 My old favourite, Diplomacy , isn't particularly fast paced (although the 'Gunboat' variant speeds things up considerably), but both the diplomacy and move planning phases take place in parallel. Only the actual moving of pieces is done one after the other. The diplomacy stage, when you face any or all of your opponents face to face, in secret, or in the open, is of course as interactive as it can get! 
294	boardgames	 The original Hasbro Edition is probably the physically best edition ever made - much better than the current US version with cardboard counters. The other highly recommended edition is the 1992 Deluxe Diplomacy by Avalon Hill, which turns up very occasionally and very expensively on eBay. The only professionally printed Dip variants I know of are Colonial Diplomacy and Machiavelli. 
295	boardgames	 Pictionary is always good for a laugh. Or you could also try Balderdash (or Absolute Balderdash). 
296	boardgames	 It is possible (although you need luck on your side) for Germany to take the UK capital on their first turn.... Ultimately, each country has its own strategy, so my thinking is that it ultimately comes down to choice and style of play. I personally like going Russia for the additional challenge... 
297	boardgames	 Are there any other games in the Cluedo series that has the same characters? The only other one I could find was The Great Museum Caper... 
298	boardgames	 Are you able to use magic/tricks (e.g. a Teleport spell) to circumvent the final creature, and thus win the game? 
299	boardgames	 Hands down, Power Grid is fantastic. Whenever our gaming group has a game night, Power Grid gets played at some point. The nice thing is it comes with two different boards, and if you get tired of those, there are expansions for around $10-$15 that come with two new maps and rules. Once you get the rules down, even with six players, we've found it plays incredibly fast. If you get the Inns &amp; Cathedrals expansion for Carcassonne , you can play with six players, and Carcassonne is another personal favorite of mine. It's fun to watch people figure out how to sneak their meeples into a city or farmland for the first time. If you want something lighthearted, sets from the Munckhin series such as The Good, the Bad and the Munchkin are fun for playing, and have plenty of interaction between players. 
300	boardgames	 There is a long list of official Clue variants which can be found at . According to wikipedia, "The great-museum-caper" is not an official variant. [This Answer was edited to improve it's value.] 
301	boardgames	 The rules seem pretty clear on this: No card or power will let you bypass this combat! The Boss ignores any rules, cards, or powers that would take it out of the Entrance. It can never be controlled and will never ignore a Level 10 munchkin for any reason, even if its card says it will. It always fights. You pretty much have to fight the boss... while teleporting him away would be the Munchkinly thing to do, you'll have to slug it out with the boss. 
302	boardgames	 Mastermind - It's only playable by two people at a time (and one of them will have to be you), but my mom got it for me when I was about 7 or 8 and I loved it. In fact, I still have it and even broke it out again the other night. It's challenging, educational, and it's a game that makes kids think , but can be just as rewarding for adults. 
307	boardgames	 I would suggest Agricola . A deep, strategic game, which excels as a two player contest. There is plenty of interaction in blocking your opponents moves, plus the card sets ensure no two games are exactly the same. Should make for some good cut and thrust gaming fun! 
310	boardgames	 No one mentioned the great Project GIPF series yet. It's a series of six abstract games for two players. I played three of them, we own two of them (DVONN and TZAAR) and they are our favorite two-player games. We play them a lot . 
311	boardgames	 I'm trying to show some card games to my kids (4 and 6), but they have difficulty holding the cards in their hands. Maybe it's because their hands are too small, or not strong enough... Does anyone have a trick to help them? 
314	boardgames	 Patience is the only thing I can think of, with my kids (aged 6) I started by fanning them out and place them in their hands finished, lately they collect them and take a grip and I only fan them out for them. As an alternative just buy a couple of Playing Card Holders and worry about it later on :) These should be available a little everywhere but the image is taken from: Peta (first image of them I found on google image search) 
315	boardgames	 The Game of Life could be good. Your kids should be able to follow what's going on in the game. 
316	boardgames	 I just checked the standard rules on Wikipedia If there are any enemy discs on the board, a player must make contact, directly or indirectly, with an enemy disc during the shot. If unsuccessful, the shot disc is 'fouled' and removed from the board, along with any of the player's other discs that were moved during the shot. We always played with this rule : If there are any enemy discs on the board, a player must make contact with an enemy disc directly and before making contact with any friendly disk during the shot (bumpers use is tolerated). If he miss, only the disk shoot by the player is fooled. 
317	boardgames	 I would recommend Creationary . Especially if the kids already enjoy LEGOs. The game works very similar to Pictionary, but instead of drawing an image for others to guess, you build it with LEGO pieces. The rules allow for a lot of flexibility and also promote the use of other LEGOs to be used to build your creations. It's very fun for adults, but I can imagine that children of 6 and 8 would also enjoy it. 
318	boardgames	 To expand on @lilserf's answer... An out is a mathematical probability that one player has to win the hand depending on the situation, and they are always used, not just mostly in all-in situations. You have to treat them as probabilities because there is always the chance for runner-runner cards which produce a winning hand. For instance, if you have three to a flush, and making a flush is your only opportunity to win the hand on the flop, you still have outs even though there isn't a single card in the deck that will put you in the lead on the turn. 
319	boardgames	 My favorite two-player Icehouse games are Volcano and Binary Homeworlds . You can find a list of 2-player games on the Icehouse Wiki, but of course, that has tons of games of varying quality. You can find some of the best and most popular games on the Existing Games page, which points out out games that have been published and games that have won competitions to help guide you to the games most likely to be good and well known. 
320	boardgames	 While @wdypdx22's definition is correct, implied odds cannot be explained completely on a Q&amp;A site. To fully understand the concept requires an immense amount of study and you will spend the rest of your life refining them. A better example of when they effect the outcome of the hand more is for hidden draws. For instance, if two to a suit come up on the flop, but the turn and river give you a runner runner straight, your opponent is far less likely to put you on the hand you actually made and pay you off more. Calculating implied odds is more of an art than a science. 
321	boardgames	 Ticket to ride is good balance to play with children and parents. Only from 8 though. 
322	boardgames	 In Axis and Allies, how many submarines do I need to have a greater than 60% chance to take down a lone aircraft carrier? 
323	boardgames	 I find that the key to Stratego lies in- Cover your flag with bombs Kill all enemy miners. DO NOT MOVE a new piece when moving an old one will suffice. Of those, I find that #3 is the most crucial. Most players have a very hard time attacking pieces about which they have no information; every time you touch a piece, or even visibly consider moving it, you inform your opponent that that piece is NOT a bomb. 
324	boardgames	 Above you have a classic 6 bomb matrix - your opponent will have no choice but to position 8's and 6's to get through it. This should give you plenty of moves to attack. Use the top row 7's and 6's to test enemy units. then use the row nearby 1,2,3... to kill enemy units once you know what they are. Leave the spy near the flag as a failsafe. Keep the nines close to each other to make a little 9 highway, they can get out of the way of each other very quickly. 
325	boardgames	 Dominion and its expansions are fantastic with 6 players, although to support 6 you must own both Dominion and Dominion: Intrigue . Once all players have some experience wait times are very short, and with 6 players the competition for the best Kingdom cards is furious. 
326	boardgames	 Bohnanza Players play bean farmers and try to harvest crops to collect coins. This scales up to 7 players and there is a lot of interplayer action on every turn. There is lots of trading between players and the game rewards those who pay attention even when it's not their turn. 
327	boardgames	 Don't underestimate the importance of visual cues or psychological warfare; in games like Risk and Diplomacy, these are the very underpinnings of your negotiation platform. For example, if you are playing one of the game sets that features little men and cannons, then arrange them on your spaces facing away from one enemy, and massed on the 'border' with another enemy. It has no in-game effect whatsoever, but sends a very definite visual message, which is interpreted on a subconscious level. When it comes to your turn to attack, mull over your options, or pretend to be doing some dice-math in your head, while staring down intently at a given enemy. Even if you don't actually attack, you've conveyed to the rest of the table that you WOULD attack that enemy, if only you COULD, which leads to the "He must be doing too well" syndrome from everyone else. 
328	boardgames	 Small World This is a game for 2-5 players and is very enjoyable at each size. Two player games go very quickly and I've been known to play several games of this in an evening. The gameplay rarely gets stale, too, because of the nature of the game. Pandemic This is a cooperative game for 2-4 players where each player assumes a role that grants them abilities throughout the game. Each game has the roles randomized, giving each player a chance at a different play style. A two player game is especially challenging, but still a very good time. 
329	boardgames	 The original has wooden pieces, not plastic. Blocks for the armies and flat pointed ovals for the fleets. But I haven't seen that in a while. There have been versions in other languages (at least I know of a Dutch version). Sorry no links. 
330	boardgames	 I'd warn against the common tactic of trying to take Australia. Frequently, its seen as an overly defensible position, leading to an 'early-leader', situation, which itself spawns a coalition effort to break you down or at worst, lock you in Australia. If you're going to shoot for an early continent, I recommend South America or Africa; and don't do it turn 1, do it turn 2 or 3. The reason for that being that the first person to take any continent is going to attract hate; don't let it be you. 
331	boardgames	 The rule of thumb has always been: Never backstab an opponent in a way that leaves them capable of retaliation. 
333	boardgames	 You absolutely need to have some dirt on Austria; it will be very difficult for Italy to do well in the face of a hostile Austria. Even if you join a coalition against Austria early on, you'll find that most of the SCs wind up falling into Turkish hands, rather than yours, leaving you with little better in the way of options. 
334	boardgames	 Blokus. My 6 and 10 year old equally love this game of fitting pieces on the board. As a parent I find its even more challenging to work with the stuff my 6 year old does and extend the game. Blokus encourages creative thinking and has received a Mensa award for promoting healthy brain activity. The goal of this game is for players to fit all of their pieces onto the board. When placing a piece it may not lie adjacent to the player's other pieces, but must be placed touching at least one corner of their pieces already on the board. The player who gets rid of all of their tiles first is the winner and strategic thinking helps as you block moves from your opponent. Blokus sometimes comes to an end because there are no more possible moves. Four players make this abstract game especially fast and exciting; however, it can be just as fun for two or three players. Blokus has come up with a number of different ways to play the game to make it more thrilling when playing with less than four players. Draft Blokus allows a player to use more than one color and Reverse Blokus reverses the entire game so that the person who places the least amount of tiles on the board is the winner. It can even be played in a solitaire version when one player attempts to place all of their pieces in a single sitting. A game of Blokus typically lasts a 30 minutes. As a practical feature, raised edges on the board help keep the tiles in place and allow convenient clean-up. This game includes 84 pieces in four vibrant colors, an instruction guide, and one gameboard with 400 squares. 
335	boardgames	 Edit : I just realized I misread the question and answered a way more complicated case than what you asked. In the case where you literally already have three tricks and the other team has one, definitely throw it in. My answer below is for the more complicated case where you know what the final score will be without having played enough tricks to actually decide it It depends on the group, and it can get complicated. You can be in a situation where you each have one point and you know that you can win two of the next three (without knowing which two), and in my normal group that plays all the time showing your hand is generally fine, since everyone else can figure out pretty fast how you were guaranteed to win. In a new group I've only played with maybe three times I did that and there was mass confusion and I ended up spending about a minute explaining why I was guaranteed to win, which is much longer than it would've taken to just play the hand (and probably just annoyed people) As long as it's a friendly game and it's obvious to everyone why it's a win I would do it; if you think you'll need to explain it I would probably just play the hand out anyway, unless you're trying to teach someone how to tell that a hand is won 
336	boardgames	 You should only backstab an ally if that means the difference between losing or winning the game. So you shouldn't backstab for 1 or 2 centers. Settle for 3 or more and be sure you can grab them and keep them too. And to mention the obvious, do not backstab in the spring. If you backstab often, players remember and refuse to ally with you (or at least the aliances aren't that stable). If you never backstab, players remember too and just walk over you. 
337	boardgames	 If you have 12 territories you get +1 unit. You can achieve in Asia without taking a continent. 
338	boardgames	 Most of the etiquette for Rummy is built into the rules. For example, it is etiquette to "call" a Joker as both a card and a suit the instant it is placed on the table within a combo. That said, tournament rules do add a bit of game play to them that you often find implemented in various groups to some extent. I've also been at a new table (mostly with relatives it seems) before and been surprised to see play accepted that is widely considered "coffee-housing." My favorite on-line help page to point new players at is: Rummy Talk . 
339	boardgames	 My 8 year old daughter has really enjoyed playing the Fluxx games. 
340	boardgames	 While it's more of a card game Citadels offers strong player interaction. Each round, players do a character draft to determine who they'll be in the next round as they try and build up their city. The game actually plays better with more people, and can seat up to 8 people. 
341	boardgames	 Z-Man Games has Farmers of the Moor as an expansion. 
342	boardgames	 So my precious calculations were simple, just to get a rough idea since you only wanted to know what was needed to get above 60% Now more advanced calculations show (this is not exact, but close) 1 sub: less than 50% (around 48%) 2 subs: about 87.5% 3 subs: 98-100% You can calculate it more precisely, but it won't make much sense though. 
343	boardgames	 One of the appeals of traditional games such as Chess, Go, Backgammon, or Poker is the depth that they have acquired over the years; long-standing communities and traditions, wide range of players from different backgrounds, depth of strategic analysis that has occurred over the years, and wide range of skill levels with very strong top players that comes about from years of study and training. Many newer games are mere flashes in the pan; fun for a while, but ultimately replaced after a few years with something newer and shinier. Many of them have the potential to gain such depth, but they are crowded in a field of other games, and do not really develop their own independent communities nor a significant pool of people to put in the time and dedication to create a strong competitive system. What recent games (defined as having been invented within the past century or so) have managed to achieve this sort of durability; their own cultures and communities, high-level tournament play, strong strategic analysis and a broad range of player skill? What games have not yet had time to (past 10 years or so), but do you feel have the seeds of such depth? Here are some criteria that can help determine if a game has reached this level. Not all criteria need apply, or may not apply exactly, but the more the better. Significant tournaments with professional or semi-pro players; or large amateur tournaments at a national or international level. Official rating or ranking system (or more than one) with hundreds of players and a wide range of abilities represented. Significant coverage in mainstream media, not just passing references or coverage in game-specific media. Multiple independent publications discussing the game specifically (not as one of many, but dedicated to the game in question). Books, magazines, professional level blogs or e-zines, etc. Professional on-line or software implementations dedicated to this game, or many independent computer implementations in systems which cover multiple games with hundreds of active players. Popularity in groups of people outside of of traditional gamer groups; cultural relevance of the game outside of the gaming community. Multiple clubs (regional, city, or university) dedicated to this game in particular, not gaming or a particular genre of gaming in general. 
344	boardgames	 Age of Renaissance and Advanced Civilization are two oldies but goodies that play great with 6 players. They take some time to finish, but it is worth it. Age of Renaissance is about trading empires in the Mediterranean during the middle ages. Advanced Civilization is about world building in the Mediterranean from the dawn of time up until the Roman republic. 
345	boardgames	 Shadows over Camelot is one of my favourite 6 player games. Downtime between turns is minimised, because, as a co-operative game, you can always advise the active player, or plan for your next turn. If you are a traitor, you can spend other people's turns giving subtly bad advice, too :) 
346	boardgames	 I've been playing several games of Warhammer: Invasion Core Set with my friend and a couple of times we've encountered a situation where he had pretty good attack force set up in his battlefield and I has good one as well. But I already had one district burning and he had bunch of damage tokens on two of his districts. So what I wanted to do in this situation is to attack his forces so his chances for gathering enough strength to finish me off would be smaller. I've attacked his battlefield and what he usually did is he didn't set any defenders and allowed the whole damage to be dealt to his district (even if it meant burning it down). Then in his turn he launch his full force agains one of my other districts and burn it down thus winning the game. I was wondering are there any cards or rules in this game or it's expansions that would force him to fight me instead of letting all the damage to be dealt to his capital? This would allow for more tactical approach in my opinion because right now his best tactics is to ignore all my attacks and hope to get stronger force to destroy a district in one round then me. 
347	boardgames	 Diplomacy This has all of these things - a distinctive culture, played in tournaments, ranking systems, extensive opening and endgame analysis with named opening patterns. There is also a still-extant play-by-mail culture, PBEM through the Judges and a string of on-line play sites It was first published in 1958, so it's now 50 years old. There are a number of amateur tournaments, starting from the early 1970s, up to the annual World DipCon, running since 1988. There are a lot of unofficial ranking systems, but there is neither an official one, nor one that covers the diversity of ways to play (websites, PBEM/judges, PBM, face-to-face, tournament). Many PBM 'zines and most websites have ranking systems for their users. Diplomacy got more coverage in the past than it does now, but when Kissinger spends a lot of time talking about the game, you know it's had a mainstream impact. Dedicated publications coming out of your ears: Diplomacy World is up to issue 117 (as of April 2012). I don't think there has ever been a fully-pro periodical, but there are a number of published books. Multiple independent software implementations - yes, and so much so that there is now a standardised complete test suite for conformance to the rules ( DATC ). Popularity outside of gamer-culture, probably the weakest, though getting a Secretary of State and a President playing is still kinda impressive. JFK played as well as Kissinger; Nixon is thought to have done so. I dread to imagine playing with both Nixon and Kissinger. Clubs, Oh yes. 75 just counting those listed on one relatively obscure website 
348	boardgames	 Many times, I have limited space to pack games, and don't know how many players there are going to be. I frequently end up in a situation in which we have 5 players, but games that only work with 3 or 4 players, or something of the sort. In these situations, games which are flexible in the number of players they support are useful; one or two such games can cover most situations you end up in. One problem is that while many games nominally work with a given number of players, they are really best played with a narrower range of players. For instance, there are many multi-player games that have a two-player variant, but the two-player variant is quite different than the multi-player game, and couldn't really be called the same game. So, what games support a wide range of number of players well? Since there are many games which support 2-4 or 3-5 players, let's limit it to games that support at least 4 different player numbers well, such as 2-5 or 3-6 or any odd number from 7 to 15. edit to add : Let's limit this to non-party games; party games as a genre tend to be fairly flexible in the number of players, so it's not all that interesting to list each one. 
349	boardgames	 Magic - The Gathering This simple looking card game transformed the industry quickly leading to huge tournaments culminating in a World Championship. It has been going strong for over 15 years and shows no sign of stopping. Strategies mutate and change with every release, but the good players are able to adapt and continue to remain strong. Tournaments : The World Championship is the culmination of many levels of feeder tournaments. There are a large number of people in many countries that play the game on a semi-pro basis. Official Rating system - check , The rating system has been active and supported for over a decade. Mainstream coverage - NY Times , USA Today , GAMES magazine Hall of Fame , broadcasts on ESPN , many others. Publications 529 book references on Amazon for "Magic the Gathering", a lot of magazine have publishing price guides and articles for Magic over the years. Scrye was my favorite back in the day. InQuest was another popular magazine. Online or Software support Two videogames released in 1997 ( Magic: The Gathering and Magic: The Gathering: Battlemage Magic: The Gathering Online was released in 2002 and is still played by hundreds of thousands of people 
350	boardgames	 Once again I can't recommend Dominion enough. The base set supports 2-4 players and really plays the same for all of those, and if you also get Dominion: Intrigue (or a second copy of Dominion, or just some extra copies of a few of the victory cards) you can play with anywhere from 2-6 players. 4 players is probably the "sweet spot" that the game was balanced around, though. A few basic rules are adjusted based on the number of players - the amount of available victory points and the game end conditions scale with the number of players. Game times will be affected most, naturally - in a 6-player game you'll be waiting longer between turns. The other factor that changes is competition for cards - in a 2-player game you will mostly be able to get whatever cards you want, while a 6-player game will require more adjusting of your strategy on the fly to respond to cards going to other players. All that said, the core gameplay works very well for any number of players from 2 to 6 without excessive special-case 2-player rules or dummy players. 
351	boardgames	 I've heard of different terms for the same result in Euchre, but is it just preference or is there more to it? Call trump and get all 5 tricks: Is this called a "March" and/or a "Euchre"? Earn 3 or more tricks when the opposing team calls trump: Is this "Setting Them" and/or "Euchring Them"? 
352	boardgames	 Obviously, 
353	boardgames	 If your looking for a game that plays well with a lot of people, I would suggest Apples to Apples . It's word association game, and it lets you play up to 10 people. I've played it with more then ten people myself, although I do have the expansions to the game which adds a lot more cards. It's not very strategic though, and a party game at heart. Also, check out the related question Recommendations for 6-player board game . On that post I recommended Citadels , a really good game that plays well with larger crowds, but only up to 8 people. 
354	boardgames	 This is how I've understood it: Calling trump and getting all 5 tricks -- that is called a "March", although I've heard it called "getting a Euchre" which I feel is wrong, because of below. Earn 3 or more tricks when opposing team calls trump -- If your opponent calls trump, and you get 3 or more tricks, you have "euchered" or "set" them, and they have been "set" or "euchred". These are used interchangably from what I've ever seen. 
355	boardgames	 In this question I received two different recommendations for iPhone specific apps to assist with Dominion setups. My group uses a third (non iPhone specific). Which is the best, and why? Please, only one app per answer, thanks! 
356	boardgames	 Zack Hiwiller's Dominion Card Randomizer is nice. It works fine on laptops and mobile devices, is free, has card images, and has some nice options. Downside: requires internet connection. 
357	boardgames	 Short answer - No. I used to try research when I first learned the game, but now I see no point in it. I have seen players who still insist on researching for the off-chance of getting long-range heavy bombers, and then going the whole game without getting it. That seems like a complete waste to me. If your cause looks close to hopeless, you're probably out of luck anyways. I guess you could research weapons development as a way to speed up the game and get closer to finishing, instead of buying units, but I rather fight to the finish. You can get an armor for 5 IPC every turn -- I would much prefer that. Over a few turns, that significantly adds up. 
358	boardgames	 You can easily run yourself out of cards if you build a standard-sized deck based around card-drawing, decking mechanics (where you try and exhaust your opponent's deck), or graveyard-pilfering (where you want to get as much stuff into your graveyard as possible). This can quickly happen if you play with Recycle , Worry Beads , Anvil of Bogardan , Riptide Director , Tolarian Serpent , Cephalid Vandal , Prosperity , Ambassador Laquatus ... or any of the infinite card drawing combos. These are some of my favourite kinds of decks for casual play, and are routinely large. Another strong argument is if you expect to be on the receiving end of someone trying to 'deck' you. I built a deck specifically for this purpose after getting annoyed with my friend's Millstone deck. Clearly this is not a general approach, but is handy for wiping the smirk off your regular gaming partner's face. ;) A third reason is if you want to keep your deck general, and include lots of options for dealing with different types of enemies. You can build powerful decks around this approach, using the idea of cycling, digging or searching through your deck with e.g. Tutors , Skyship Weatherlight , Captain Sisay , and so on, to find the exact card you need for any situation. 
359	boardgames	 For word games, I like playing Taboo in large or small groups. It's fairly flexible because you can pair off, or have varied sized teams. 
360	boardgames	 iDominion EDIT: iDominion has not been updated for several sets - it lacks Cornucopia and Hinterlands Features Turn each expansion on or off (supports all expansions through Prosperity) Turn each promo card (Envoy, Black Market, Stash) on or off Generates the Black Market deck as well if you're using it Sort the resulting list by name, cost, or set (or a combination) to facilitate easy retrieval of the cards Randomization Options Ensure Attack Ensure Reaction No Curses No 6 Plus Cost Ensure +Buy Ensure +Action Blacklist for cards you're just sick of Swipe to replace any card in the set with a new one Correctly selects 3-5 Alchemy cards or none at all Cons Not free (although iDominion Lite is free, and a fully functioning randomizer. It doesn't offer the blacklist and randomization options) "Correct" Alchemy selection means you may have to refresh several times before it actually chooses any Alchemy cards 
361	boardgames	 The Oxford History of Board Games is a very thorough book that discusses board games from their ancient inception to the (almost) present-day dividing into Race Games, Space Games, Chase Games, Displace Games, and War Games (such as chess). 
362	boardgames	 After thinking about my recommendation for Through the Ages , it occurs to me that you and your wife might be well served by a wide variety of eurogames. Many euros have very low player interaction, and while not exactly cooperative, they certainly avoid the "beat up the other guy" problem. In fact, many of the best-regarded euros have been accused of being "multiplayer solitaire", an accusation which might turn out to be a ringing endorsement in this case. The interaction between players in many games comes down to denial-of-choice or denial-of-resources. For example, in Puerto Rico , if you choose the Craftsman role all players will produce goods, but you'll get an extra for choosing the role. And in Agricola , if you go fishing no other player can get food from fishing that turn. In both cases, you've denied the other player the opportunity of making that choice. Those are three of the best games in the world (don't just take my word for it, ask BGG ), and big favorites at my family's table, which often includes just my wife and me. I answered originally with some strictly cooperative games, but thought you might enjoy the low player interactivity of these exemplary eurogames, too. 
363	boardgames	 When I have a group of unknown size to bring a game for, I always bring Formula D . It plays up to 10, and while I haven't played that many, I have played 7 and it works just great. There's a little more downtime, but everyone remains interested throughout everyone else's turns because of the risk of collision, and just because you want to follow the race! I know it seems impossible for a boardgame to create a tense and exciting race, but Formula D manages the trick! The rules are light enough to explain to even a new group in a short time and it has just the right mix of luck and significant choices to make sure that smart play makes the difference and sometimes a big gamble can pay off. 
365	boardgames	 Doomsday - The card text reads as follows: Pay half your life, rounded up: Put your graveyard on top of your library, then remove all but five cards of your library from the game. Put the rest on top of your library in any order. I have never managed to do anything useful with this card. Ever! What could I do to use it successfully? 
366	boardgames	 Scrabble The game mechanics are very simple, but the game is far from simple. Unlike a game like Magic the Gathering, Scrabble achieves it's depth of near infinite possibilities with a simple board and a 100 wooden tiles. Each play on the board has an immediate effect on what future possible actions players can take. Scrabble has it's own dictionary , had a TV show , has an established tournament structure, and can be played online. Scrabble has appeared also on numerous consoles and computer systems. Playing scrabble well requires critical thinking, and good spelling. First published in 1948, Scrabble continues to remain popular even today. 
367	boardgames	 Advanced Squad Leader (ASL) The ultimate game of WW2 squad level fighting, where anything that could be done in WW2 can be modeled (rockets, paratroopers, any vehicle ever used, etc.). It has a dedicated community with ongoing tournaments. There are over two thousand scenarios for it, and many modules and addons. It has clubs throughout the world, tournaments all year round, many publications that support it solely and many publications that print scenarios and other articles for it. It has two different rating systems, OARS which is just for ASL, and AREA which is used for many wargames (though nowadays I think AREA is mostly used). It has many websites, forums and blogs that discuss it. 
369	boardgames	 Sleuth A classic deduction game that will play up to seven players. 
370	boardgames	 I love Ubongo , even as an adult. Form tangram-like shapes, and collect shiny objects. What more do you want? 
372	boardgames	 Hex and other connection games like Twixt Cameron Browne has written a book of analysis and online play is pretty active. I haven't heard of any tournaments in person, though. As much as I love Hex, my personal favourite connection game is Akron, invented by Cameron Browne. 
373	boardgames	 I'm a slow player myself, and I often used to play games with a person who is a very quick decision maker. It would driver her completely bonkers, which wound me up, etc. Eventually we settled on a solution where she would read a book while I was thinking. Of course it's not ideal; I wouldn't recommend it to everyone and it won't work for groups of more than two people. But for us it rescued gaming. 
374	boardgames	 We used to play Shadows Over Camelot with my son and his friends when he was younger. The cooperative nature of the game meant that giving advice was OK and that the kids weren't pitted against adults. We established a few house rules for kid games that allowed easier victories - the one I remember off the top of my head was that the first quest completed just disappeared instead of remaining on the table, flipped over, causing catapults or Saxons to appear. I'll bet several of the current generation of cooperative games could be played this way with bright kids. 
375	boardgames	 3-High , a recent game using Treehouse pyramids, is fully cooperative: 2-4 players are trying to reach a goal together before running out of cards in the deck. It was one of the more pleasant gaming experiences I've shared with my wife, though replay value is a bit low. 
376	boardgames	 Myself and some friends meet up for some games every so often, and enjoy a good game of Descent to Darkness. We recently tried a campaign over an extra long weekend (the idea of carrying equipment and characters over to a new game sounded appealing) but found that we'd barely scratched the surface, and that a lot of time was spent setting up and messing around in markets etc. Does anyone have any recommendations (or even better, tested method) for a middle ground between an evening's single dungeon and full-on month-lasting campaign? 
378	boardgames	 As an alternative to Don's pretty comprehensive solution: Have you considered playing some games with the hands 'open' (the cards showing, usually inevitably spread on the table)? Although this removes a large chunk of the strategy in most games (which may well be beyond them initially), it will give them a chance to look at their opponent's hands and anticipate their next move. Thus allowing them an easier introduction to closed-hand game strategies. 
379	boardgames	 I've played Fluxx in groups from 2 through 10; Zombie Fluxx seems to work even better at the ends of that range. With too many people, though, you need to have a good conversation going while people wait for the turn to come back around. 
381	boardgames	 Googling reveals several sites listing standard tactics for Dominion. Let's collect ideas here, and discuss and judge them using the voting system. One tactic per post please. 
382	boardgames	 I'm the Boss is another Sid Sackson classic that plays best with 6. Every turn is about getting enough players together to make a deal. Everybody can participate or at least advise on every deal. When the "I'm the Boss" cards start flying it can get pretty hectic. 
385	boardgames	 You get a lot of flexibility with a game system like Stonehenge or Icehouse . There are some games that are good for 2 all the way up to party games for 100. The downside is that you have to sift through a lot of weak games to find the good ones. There's an excellent article on Game Systems in the Game Journal. 
386	boardgames	 Clue: The Card Game uses the same characters as the U.S. version of Clue: Colonel Mustard, Miss Scarlet, Professor Plum, Mr. Green, Mrs. White, and Mrs. Peacock. In some ways, it's even more fun than the board game. There's a Cluedo card game , too, but I can't personally vouch for it. 
387	boardgames	 There's a great book called Super Party Games that describes a bunch of games that can be played by groups of 10 or more. I generated a set of puzzles for one of the games described in the book. Each player is given a sheet of paper that they tie to their forehead where they can't see it. On each sheet of paper are three letters, and you have to arrange yourselves to spell out a secret quote without telling anybody what letters are on their heads. You can download the puzzles and print out one of the puzzles for your group size. There are currently puzzles from 4 to 95 people, although I've never tried it with a group larger than 13. 
388	boardgames	 It's probably just a psychological memory bias, but I keep finding that when I reach a 2-to-1 port, even when I'm on good numbers for its associated resource, I start collecting a surplus of something else . Usually something relatively worthless. 
389	boardgames	 When I was a kid, I would put my cards on a chair beside me. That way my parents couldn't see them, but I didn't have to hold them. 
390	boardgames	 Small World is for 2-5 players and is very entertaining for each size. There are four different boards that come with the game (2 physical boards printed front and back) with the larger player groups having more spaces and fewer turns on the turn counter. 
392	boardgames	 Not a solution for everybody, but Andy Looney (of Looney Labs fame, inventor of Fluxx and Icehouse pyramids ) solves his frustration with waiting for other people's turn by playing Andy Vs. Everybody . He plays multiple games against dozens of opponents at once. Everyone else sits in a ring of tables around him, and raises a flag when it's his turn. He in turn runs madly around to raised flags, takes his turn, puts the flag down, and then moves on to another table. The rest of the players can have all of the analysis paralysis they want; he's got plenty of other games to play! 
394	boardgames	 The key interaction that we've found has been the timing of production and consumption roles. If your opponent is always playing the consumption roles, they're getting a bunch of extra cards and points that you aren't. Sometimes you have to play these roles a bit earlier than you would like, just to avoid getting scooped. 
395	boardgames	 I have the answer! You will need to purchase some Pringles, or something else that comes in plastic-lidded cylindrical cans like that. Take two lids and punch a hole in the center of them Put the lids top-to-top and use a brass brad through the hole to hold them together Now you can put the kids' cards in them - face down and you're not even peeking! Oh. I see that this answer has a picture of what I'm describing a DIY version of.... 
396	boardgames	 R.C Bell wrote several books on board games, though I don't think they were as structured as the Oxford book that Jeremiah already mentioned. 
397	boardgames	 I think A History of Board Games Other Than Chess is one of the definitive books in this category. The Library Thing page I linked to also has several related books to check out. 
398	boardgames	 Resign. In my experience, it's almost impossible to work yourself out of last place in this game. There's often a struggle between the top two players, but if you're a few turns in and somebody has badly blocked your expansion, I think you're doomed. 
399	boardgames	 Lord of the Rings is a cooperative game, but a friend of mine highly recommends playing it solitaire. I would guess that other cooperative games could be played this way, but it would depend on how much information was intended to be hidden from the other players. 
401	boardgames	 Within my group its taken for granted that some seats in Puerto Rico are better (if only slightly) than others. There's a general consensus that 3rd and 4th seat are strictly better than 1st, where 2nd and 5th lie is a matter of debate. I remember stumbling across some hard numbers (data collected from tournament play if I recall correctly) backing some of this up, but can't seem find them anymore. Basically, does anyone have those numbers? I'd also appreciate some opinions as to why this is the case. My personal pet theory is that 3rd and 4th seat are in the sweet spot for both diversified production and an early game Factory. Although that's not a guarnateed victory, it should keep you competitive in most games (all else being equal). 
402	boardgames	 Remove Your Bad Cards This involves slimming your deck down as small as possible by trashing or otherwise removing your starting Estates and Coppers (as well as any Curses you have ended up with). Common cards that can enable this strategy (with set in parantheses): Multiple Card Trash: Chapel (B) - 4 cards Forge (P) - Any number of cards from your hand Steward (I) - 2 cards Single Card Trash: Apprentice (A) Bishop (P) Expand (P) Loan (P) Lookout (S) Masquerade (I) Moneylender (B) Mine (B) Remodel (B) Salvager (S) Trade Route (P) Trading Post (I) Transmute (A) Upgrade (I) Remove Cards From Play: Island (S) Native Village (S) Removing your starting Copper and Estates will let you draw your more powerful cards that you've bought more often. 
403	boardgames	 Draw A Lot Of Cards This involves chaining actions together to draw as much of your deck as possible every turn, letting you use your good cards more often. Common cards that can enable this strategy: Alchemist (A) Caravan (S) City (P) Laboratory (B) Library (B) Market (I) Smithy (B) Village (B) Wharf (S) Any card with +Cards and +Actions on it can be chained with other such cards to keep searching your deck until you find your high-value Treasure. Cards like Laboratory (+2 Cards, +1 Action) are even better. Other cards that combo into this strategy are things like Scout that will clear out upcoming Victory cards so that everything you draw is playable. 
404	boardgames	 Big Money This involves just buying Silver and Gold, skipping any Action cards in favor of building up your Treasure as quickly as possible. Once you've built up a deck full of Gold, you buy Provinces. This strategy can be quite successful, especially against beginners, but a good strategy using combos of Action cards can beat it. 
405	boardgames	 Seating is very important in Puerto Rico. The seat that wins the most is 1st Corn (based on World Boardgaming Championship stats). Here's one of the tourney pages with stats , if you look around you'll find more. Here's the compilation of stats from 2002 to 2009: Having corn allows you to produce sooner, and more, so you can make more points shipping. It requires less men, so you can do more with the men you have. One of the big reasons that it gives an advantage is that it's a simple strategy, just make corn and ship. The other strategies take more thought and hard decisions. One other factor that comes into play in Puerto Rico is that you have to change your tactics and maybe your strategies based on the player to the left and what he does. 
406	boardgames	 The Risk Tournament of Champions celebrated their 20th championship in 2008, the 2009 championship was cancelled . The web page @ risktoc.org is defunct. You can view the old web pages via The Internet Archive Wayback machine . The replacement is the new Annual Risk Classic . The 1st championship will be decided November 6-7, 2010. 
407	boardgames	 General rule that applies to any specific strategy of play: Plan your first four turns in advance. Once you have your opening hand ready, you should plan your first two purchases. Then you have a decent chance of planning turns three and four based on them. Use these key early turns to mark a clear path to your first Gold and/or powerful 5-cost card. 
416	boardgames	 The best place I find to watch amateur games and learn to play go is KGS . It's a fairly friendly Go server with an emphasis on teaching. You can watch and kibbitz on games in progress, or you can look through many game records. It's also good for finding stronger players to play in teaching games, in which they review how you played afterwards. IGS/PandaNet tends to broadcast more professional games, so if you want to watch and learn from pro games, rather than higher level amateurs, that might be a good place to look. There are other Go servers as well; there's a list on Sensei's Library. If you're interested in reviewing older games, not watching live games, there are many professional games available for purchase or sometimes even free download, such as the "Games of Go on Disk" collection. Or if you prefer paper, you can find collections of games by master players, such as Honinbo Shusaku or Go Seigen . 
420	boardgames	 is probably the most comprehensive list I know of. It goes through all the editions, variants, spinoffs etc of Clue/Cluedo. Which are mostly the same game. The Great Museum Caper is a 1991 variant in the US. 
428	boardgames	 For half your life, you get to stack your deck and set yourself up for a number of combos. There's a combo going around that involves Shelldock Isle / Doomsday / Emrakul, the Aeons Torn to pop out the Emrakul for free. In addition, cards such as Serra Avatar , Beacon of Destruction , and other cards that shuffle back into your library afterwards can be used to stall running out of cards. Platinum Angel can help keep you from losing the game. That said, it's a pretty hard card to build around. 
431	boardgames	 What is the difference between an "ante" and a "blind" in poker? 
434	boardgames	 Check out the Axis &amp; Allies Combat Simulator/Calculator . You can choose which variant of the game you're playing (Original, Revised Edition, etc.), how many simulations to run, and a number of other options. (There's even a iPhone and Android versions!) The combat simulator then tells you the average IPC loss for both sides and the average winning percentage. Presuming you play with the Revised Edition (a/k/a, the 2nd Edition), here are the odds. (Note that each simulation has a link to the combat simulator with the attacking and defending units already entered. The link sets the simulation runs parameter to 1,000, but the results I present here were computed using 5,000 runs.) 1 sub : 49.8% chance of winning, average IPC loss: 4 for attacker, 8 for defender 2 subs : 85.4% chance of winning, average IPC loss: 4 for attacker, 14 for defender 3 subs : 97.9% chance of winning, average IPC loss: 2 for attacker, 16 for defender What about super subs (which attack at a 3 instead of a 2)? If so, here are how the odds unfold: 1 supersub : 67.1% chance of winning, average IPC loss: 3 for attacker, 11 for defender 2 supersubs : 95.0% chance of winning, average IPC loss: 2 for attacker, 15 for defender 3 supersubs : 99.6% chance of winning, average IPC loss: 1 for attacker, 16 for defender Also, because a sub has the benefit of "first attack," there will never be a scenario where both the sub and carrier are destroyed. In this type of battle you know that one side (and only one side) will be standing at the end. 
442	boardgames	 In Citadels it's possible to build both the Library and Observatory: Library If you choose to draw cards when you take an action, you keep both of the cards you have drawn. Observatory If you choose to draw cards when you take an action, you draw three cards, keep one of your choice, and put the other two on the bottom of the deck. What happens when I draw district cards when I have both districts in my city? Do I draw three cards and keep all of them, or do I draw three cards and keep two of them? 
450	boardgames	 I'm inclined to say you should try and meet as much of the criteria as possible. That said, you would: Draw three cards Keep both (both meaning ) of the cards Put the remaining cards (one) on the bottom of the deck. 
451	boardgames	 I never buy development cards in the beginning: the Knights are fairly useless, the Largest Army bonus is not a priority, and it's too risky to gamble on drawing a Road Building card. When is the best time to start buying development cards? 
452	boardgames	 I generally buy developments when I have the ore-grain-sheep combination, absolutely nothing else to buy, and I have six or seven cards in my hand. If I have to pick between losing half my cards or getting a development card. I've had some games where the robber is on one of my hexes, I've had abysmally bad rolls and can't roll a 7, and I'll buy a development card for a chance at a Soldier. Development cards can be nice in a larger game when you've been ringed in, and you need the VP cards just for a fighting chance to finish. 
453	boardgames	 I start buying development cards when I have the resources and I am looking to break out of a stalled position. In the early part of the game, being lucky enough to draw the Year of Plenty card can really help you break out. I also buy development cards when I'm concerned I have two many cards in my hand, and I'm likely to have to discard cards if the robber comes up. If things are going well, and I'm able to keep expanding, I don't buy development cards till the game is coming to the end. Edit Expanded what I said to Brian Campbell in comments on his answer, if your trying to focus solely on development cards, your still going to need three settlements upgraded to cities. With only two cities, you would need to draw 4 victory points out of a possible 5, and have largest army. While it's possible, it's not probable. The odds are two much against you. Biran's strategy of early development card buying is useful, but also emphasizes flexibility. Using developments cards that grant resources to buy more settlements is exactly what I was talking about drawing a year of plenty card early on, and a point I agree on. I personally favor focusing on getting land first, and then building cities and buying development cards. the amount of land of the map is limited, and the more of it you control, the more resources you can generate. On a flip side, the more of the land your control, the less of it your opponents can control. Settlements with low production potentials are of course less desirable, but are still worth points. Do with what the resources your getting allow you to do. I generally focus more on development cards after the early part of the game, but if have the resources in your hand right then buy a development card. The best strategies in Catan are flexible, and usually involve combining multiple tactics. Since resources are generated by the random roll of the dice, don't be afraid to adjust your strategy based on resource availability. 
454	boardgames	 I'll buy a development card early if I'm ok on grain and sheep (position-wise), and I'm still a road away from the next settlement spot. The real bummer is if you draw a VP card early, any other card will do something for you, but that just slows you down. It's good to have a soldier card to hold in case the robber gets set on you. 
455	boardgames	 Yes, I play the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (US) board game. Yes, I like it. On to the question! The Sunrise rule states: When the talisman moves to the Sunrise, all vampires that are outside must immediately move to the closest indoor space. The "Summon Eclipse" card states: Move the Phase Talisman to the first New Moon space. My question is, if the Talisman has to move past the Sunrise space to get to the first New Moon space, does this trigger Sunrise? I say, "No", since you're moving the Talisman to the first New Moon space (effectively skipping over the Sunrise space), but others in our group insist it does in fact trigger "Sunrise", since they argue you move the Talisman forward (and through Sunrise) to the first New Moon space. 
456	boardgames	 Here are four games that I would recommend for families: For the 6 and under group: Piggyback Brigade (Russelbande) Circus pigs that race through the fields on their days off. Easy to play, different every time and everyone can win (I mean, more than one person can win) Chuck-it Chicken (Kiki Ricky) A rooster is taking over the hen house, and it's up to you to stop him. Basically a dice rolling game, get to the top first to win. For the older than 6 group, we play: The Adventurers Indiana Jones-style temple exploration. Pretty fun, complete with rolling boulder. Often the winner is the only one who makes it out alive. Often, there is no winner.... :) Robo Rally Robot race in an ever changing factory. A fun game, but this can run long. Edit: My son's 4th Birthday was last weekend and we got: The Ladybug Game Lost Ladybugs have to travel home, meeting mantis and ants on the way. Great game for kids. Fun, no reading needed. Simple to learn, easy to go from first to last then first place again. Designed by a young girl. 
457	boardgames	 Ante and blinds are both forced bets. Ante is a bet that everyone in the game must make in order to stay at the table. It forces there to always be at least some payout in the pot, increasing the relative value of playing a hand to folding. Blinds are bets that only one or two players are forced to make, usually a small blind and a big blind, the small blind at half the big blind. They are bet by the two players after the dealer, and thus rotate around as the dealer rotates. The blinds start betting off; bidding starts with the player after the big blind, and players must call or raise the blind bet to stay in the game, otherwise they fold. It puts less in the pot than ante does, thus it does less to incentivize staying in the game, but it still puts enough in that it's worth it for some people to stay in as they do stand to win something, and the players who played the blinds stand to lose them if they simply fold. 
458	boardgames	 Ante is given by all players before cards are dealt. It's effect is to make sure that everyone has some skin in the game, and that people don't instantly fold when dealt less than stellar cards. Blinds are a different way of dividing up the ante so that only a few player are committed to the game before seeing their cards. They are generally split into big and small blinds. The big blind is the full 'ante' for the round. The small blind is a smaller sum. The blinds are bet before cards are dealt, but after seeing the initial cards, players can either fold, pay so that they have equaled the big blind, or place a higher bet. 
459	boardgames	 Q: What if a player has both Library and Observatory in his city? How do their effects combine? A: If this player draws cards, he draws three and keeps two. (Source) That's straight from the horse's mouth, so to speak. 
460	boardgames	 My personal favourite is Zooloretto . As you would expect from Rio Grande Games, it has a great board, good pieces and good gameplay. It is also very easy to learn, and because it is based on a Zoo, it keeps the interest of the kids. I have known kids of 7 and 8 playing this game, and in a few years time being introduced to the more adult games such as Agricola and Puerto Rico etc. It is easy enough for them to understand, but has enough variety to make it strategic enough for adults to play and enjoy. According to boardgamegeek , its users recommend it for ages 6 and up, although the manufacturer says 8 and up. Most of the other games in the Family Rank are generally for kids of 8 and upwards. Unfortunately, by daughter is only two, so I am still playing Snail's Pace Race with her. 
461	boardgames	 I've had lots of fun with a few free print-and-play dice games. The rules and game boards can be printed out for free, though you'll need to provide your own dice (obviously). Here are a few good ones that I keep coming back to: D-Day Dice This dice game depicts the attack on Normandy Beach on June 6, 1944. You start with a few soldiers and a printout of the beach divided into sectors. Roll dice to recruit more soldiers, recruit specialists, gain courage (allowing you to advance), and so on. It's a lot of fun, and actually quite difficult to beat. I won the first game I played, and I haven't won since! The d6 Shooters In this game, you play the role of the leader of a posse escorting an outlaw to his trial in Reno. By rolling dice, you gather food, mine for gold, move toward Reno, and fight any outlaws you encounter on the way. There's a lot to like about this game, and it plays in about 20 minutes. It's a game that falls into that "Just one more time!" category. One nice thing about both of these games is that there are several different scenarios available, and new ones come out periodically. Just follow the links above to their respective pages on BoardGameGeek.com , and check out the "Files" sections for the rules and downloadable material. P.S. - If you enjoy these games, it might be worth your while to laminate the player sheets. That way, you can use dry-erase markers and simply erase when you're done. No need to keep printing the game boards over and over again! 
462	boardgames	 Tsuro is simple and easy to follow. It also plays fairly quickly and requires very minimal setup. The game can play anywhere from 2-8 people, useful if you need a game to play with a group of kids. While the suggested age is 8 and up, the users on BoardGameGeek have suggested it for 6 and up. 
463	boardgames	 Give Scotland Yard a shot. Scotland Yard a great game where one person is Mr. X, a fugitive from the law, and the other players team up as detectives. Mr. X takes various modes of public transportation to move stealthily around the city of London, and it's up to the detectives to figure out where he is and capture him. This is a great game of deduction and logical thinking, plus it's tons of fun. It's fun for Mr. X, since there's something exciting about trying to escape from London's finest, and it's fun for the detectives since they get to work as a team to capture the slippery scofflaw. This game won the prestigious Spiel des Jahres (Game of the Year) award in 1983, and I think it is a game that has aged quite well. 
464	boardgames	 I currently have the Carcassonne base set plus Inns &amp; Cathedrals which expands the game to 6 players. I've found that I can buy extra sets of Meeples in different colors which would effectively add additional players. Are there any potential downsides to doing this? Should I also get additional expansions to maintain some sort of "tiles per player" ratio? 
465	boardgames	 You might want to consider getting another expansion or two -- with the base set plus Inns &amp; Cathedrals, you'll have 90 tiles (72 core + 18 expansion) to play with. Assuming seven players, you'll have 12-13 tiles per person to play with. Traders &amp; Builders will give you an extra 24 tiles to play with, including some really funky shapes for finishing those hard-to-finish cities. If you want to keep the game shorter, you can just use the two sets listed. 
466	boardgames	 I'de say no. Even thought the rules don't spell it out explicitly I think it's clear enough. First, detention and the bring are treated to be the same thing, especially for player powers. Second, according to the FAQ (page 2, bottom of the first column) nothing can move a player out of the brig except a successful skill check for the brig location action. So by extension this applies to the detention center. Third, thematically it didn't happen (spoiler follows). When Tigh was in the detention center and Cavil ripped his eye out, he left him there. Even when he kicked the snot out of him as well he left them there. He totally should have gone to the medical tent but didn't. 
467	boardgames	 During your turn, the House can be moved to any other set. If you don't have one, or it isn't your turn then just leave the House on the table in play for you until you are able to attach it to a set again. 
469	boardgames	 Didn't figure to have to dig my copy of Shark out of the garage for this site! Here are the end of game rules. The game is over as soon as a company's share price indicator reaches 15,000 on the value scale, or all of the building in a particular colour have been used, or all of the shares have been sold The bonus that is due in the last round and any share profits or losses need to be resolved. The players multiply their shares by the current share price and ad their cash to the amount. The player with the most money has won the game. EDIT - Addition The game Shark has gone thru a couple revisions. The original Flying Turtles version has a couple rules differences. The big on is the &quot;Rule of 7&quot; - adding to a group of 7 or more does not increase the share price. This will make it much harder to get to 15,000 (you need a minimum of 3 building groups to get there). Furthermore, the rules clearly state that 15,000 is the maximum share price, so even if you still manage to arrange to shoot to 16,000 or higher, you will be limited to 15,000. I, (and the folks over on the 'geek) would recommend that you add these rules to your game. 
470	boardgames	 Going off of this version of the rules . If the Sunrise space is moved past in one turn, these effects still take place. It sounds like the token always advances, and passing through the Sunrise space is sufficient to trigger the vampire actions. 
471	boardgames	 The third edition scoring is now what is shipped by both Rio Grande Games (US distributor) and Hans im Glück(Original, German publishers) Rio Grande Games made the changes for the english version of the game (1st and 2nd edition scoring). Here are a summary of the scoring rule changes by edition 1st Edition Small City scoring (Completed 2 tile cities only score 2) Farmer scoring: Select a city Count the farmers in fields touching that city The player with the majority of farmers on all farms touching that city scores 4 Repeat for each city. 2nd Edition Small City scoring (Completed 2 tile cities only score 2) Farmer scoring: Pick a farm Count the farmers on that farm The player with the most farmers scores 3 for each city touching that farm Repeat for each city. However, each city can only be scored once 3rd Edition All city scoring is 2 points per tile, no small city exception Farmer Scoring: Pick a farm Count the farmers on that farm The player with the most farmers scores 3 for each city touching that farm Repeat for each farm. Each city can be scored multiple times. Rio Grande Games only recently (2009) starting shipping the 3rd edition rules, while Hans im Glück issued them in 2004. The reason given is that RGG prefers not to issue rule changes when reprinting a game. This meant that they had to rewrite the rules of most expansions issued to ensure they were compatible. I do not believe that Jay Tummelson (Head of Rio Grande Games) has stated why the switch was made in 2009. I think there are two possible explanations. The Abbey and Mayor expansion introduced the barn piece. The barn piece is scored essentially like a farm (it scores and eliminates all farmers in the farm). This is easily understood for those familiar with the 3rd edition rules, but confusing for those using 1st. All electronic editions of the game use 3rd edition scoring. This could have forced RGG's hand. When everyone in the US was playing just the RGG version it was easy to maintain a consistent rule set. Now, a lot of us play on our Xbox or Ipad as well as using the board game. This makes the differences more noticeable. 
472	boardgames	 From the full rules on Mayfair Games site: Note: If you sell an action card, you may not chose to draw that card when you refill your hand to 3 cards at the end of your turn. You may chose any other card in the Chancery, or draw from the action deck. 
473	boardgames	 Whilst I haven't played Magic in a while, use of the stack was something that I always found a little confusing. When I first started out, our group could tap an opponents attacking creature after attackers had been declared and effectively take it out of combat? Is this right? Or did we have the stack order backwards? 
475	boardgames	 When playing Axis &amp; Allies as Japan I occasionally have an opponent use the "Kwabang" opening against me, which is where UK attacks Kwangtung on her opening move with the two infantry and fighter in India (landing the fighter in China, typically). My usual opening move with Japan involves attacking the Pearl Harbor fleet, but when UK opens with a successful Kwabang attack (meaning they capture the territory with at least one infantry) I call that attack off and instead do the following: Send one infantry from Burma into India. Send my two transports with four infantry into Kwangtung, along with the two battleships (and pray that the transport doesn't strike a blow). Throw all of my available infantry (3 in Manchuria, 1 in Burma) plus all air power into attacking China, especially if the UK fighter is based there. Move all remaining naval units to the Japan Sea Zone. While this strategy usually works well enough to retake Kwangtung and to capture China (and, more importantly, to remove the US and UK fighters in Asia), it has the following undesirable consequences: It leaves the Pearl Harbor fleet unmolested. It leaves Manchuria and Burma unguarded. Granted, these are two territories that are usually easy to take back because they are reachable from Japanese transports in one turn, but if Russia has stacked infantry in east Asia on turn 1 then it can take up to two turns to get Manchuria back. I'm curious how others deal with this opening and if there are any recommendations on how to refine my response. 
476	boardgames	 If you are an offensive player, Craig Reade wrote a good strategy page discussing starting in South America , which is a continent I like to start in, if I can. The basic elements of the strategy are: Don't play defensively. You'll get boxed in and die. You don't want to gain the continent, but lose the game because it cost you too much to take it. That said, if you are not holding onto the entire continent early, you'll find yourself in an indefensible position, surrounded by foes and your turns will be numbered. Grab some North American territories during initial placement - especially Central America. North America is likely to be the next area you'll be heading into, so any territories you can grab now, go for it. Plus Central America makes a great early buffer against attack. Don't play defensively. Ideally, plan on having gained a second continent before your Australian opponent starts their offensive push. Don't allow yourself to get trapped. If you can hold both of the Americas, you're in excellent position: 2 continents with 13 territories and only 3 access points. Sweet. Not sure if I mentioned this, but you don't want to play defensively ;-) 
477	boardgames	 According to the Domaine rules, you must have more knights in your domain than your opponent's domain to expand into his. If both domains have no knights, does it mean that neither domain can expand into each other? 
478	boardgames	 Excellent question. This answer is bucking the trend somewhat from the other answers here, but what about a game like Pair Go ? Obviously, you'd have to be interested in a traditional strategy game like Go, first. Also, since Go is a metaphor for war, I don't know if Go counts as a 'beat up the other guy' game for your wife. Pair Go would involve you &amp; your wife playing the same side of a Go game against another couple. The dynamics get interesting, at least for me, because I never seem to know what my wife is thinking ;-) Actually, that may be a metaphor for my entire marriage... 
479	boardgames	 In these games (both from Steve Jackson Games ) you build a network of cards you "control" over the course of the game. The main difference between the two is that in Hacker's, the "card network" is shared and in Illuminati each player has one (though you can steal pieces of other players'). Its kind of fun in and of itself to build up these insane networks (the flavor of the games helps alot too), so I'm wondering... Are there any other (good, hopefully) games out there with a similar mechanic? Clarifying "network building" per Brian Campbell 's request. Players should assemble a connected set (or sets, as in Illuminati) of pieces over the course of the game. There should be a notion of ownership (but not necessarily exclusive ownership), and the structure (the way the pieces are connected, and who owns them) should have a direct impact on the game. The pieces used to build the network should be pretty varied. In Illuminati and Hackers each piece is unique, although absolute uniqueness isn't required. 
480	boardgames	 There is an old box in our storeroom containing the game Chainstore. My brother and I bought the game when we were kids (ages ago). Now my children wants to play it, but the rules are missing. I've tried to figure it out, but that's not the way to go. Anybody have a copy of the rules of Chainstore? It looks like Monopoly-based game. 
481	boardgames	 Dave Elder has a copy of Chainstore for trade listed at boardgamegeek. You could try contacting him via GeekMail there. 
483	boardgames	 Carcassonne is a tile laying game where each player contributes to the same board while placing tokens to control different zones. Farms Cities Roads Cloisters It is very easy to learn and there are a plethora of expansions that add a huge variety of different mechanics if you wish to make the game more challenging. 
484	boardgames	 An easy way to expand it without complicating it further with expansions (if that is what you want) is to simply add another base set into the bag at the point of 6+ players. There are also a few promo expansions that just add a couple of tiles. Of course if you prefer expanding and adding more to the rules then expansions will suit just fine. 
485	boardgames	 I've been assembling a warbiker mob recently and I've wanted to make one unit a Nob. According to the Ork Codex I can then give him either a (+10 points) or a (+25 points). I know the is more powerful but it also carries the disadvantage to Initiative. Is the really worthy the extra points or is it better to stick with the (which also looks much better on a model)? Big Choppa - gives +2 Strength Klaw - energy weapon (ignores armor) and doubles the Strength 
486	boardgames	 I have played with eight players using Inns &amp; Cathedrals and Traders &amp; Builders. Technically the game works fine, but the waiting between goes was horrendous. Another thing to consider is that as the number of players increases, the game changes from being focused on clever placement of tiles to being more focused on negotiation skills. In my experience this also adds to the game length, as everyone wants to make a suggestion for every tile drawn. 
487	boardgames	 I have often considered using the optional rule of a sabotage run on a War Sun, but have always decided it would be a waste of fighters. I was wondering if there exists a situation when you might want to do a sabotage run? Quoted from the rule book: Game option: Sabotage Runs Although the mighty War Sun unit is the undisputed king of space, history has shown that such hubris of creation often hides a fatal flaw that can be exploited by the smallest of spacecraft. When using this game option, Fighter units have adesperate chance of a pre-Space Battle strike at an enemy War Sun in the contested system. This desperate attack is called the “sabotage run.” Announce the Run A sabotage run takes place before an actual Space Battle begins, immediately after any Destroyer Anti-Fighter Barrage. Both players (attacker first) may announce that they are making a Sabotage run against an enemy War Sun in the battle (if no War Sun is present among the enemy units, a player cannot undertake a sabotage run). If both players have War Suns, the attacker should resolve his sabotage run first, followed by the defender. After announcing a sabotage run, a player must commit a number of Fighter units to the dangerous task. After a number of Fighters have been committed, the sabotage run is executed over two rounds of die rolls. 1) The Outer Defenses Roll a die for every Fighter committed to the sabotage run. On an unmodified result of 9 or 10, the Fighter makes it through the outer defenses of the War Sun. All other results destroy the Fighter unit, which receives no return fire. 2) The Inner Defenses For every Fighter unit that made it past the outer defenses of the War Sun, roll another die (one at a time). If the fighter rolls an unmodified result of 10, the sabotage run is successful and the War Sun is immediately destroyed. Such a destroyed War Sun receives no return fire. All other die results instantly destroy the Fighter unit, which receives no return fire. Surviving Fighter units are able to participate in the subsequent Space Battle. An unharmed War Sun is able to participate in the Space Battle with no ill effects. Should an opponent have two War Sun units, a player is allowed to make a sabotage run against both units by dividing his committed Fighters into two separate pools. With each of these pools attacking one specific War Sun, simply resolve each separate sabotage run, one at a time 
488	boardgames	 Whenever we play TI:3, we play free-for-all. Of course, during play you can make agreements with fellow players whom you are still free to backstab later. I was thinking about playing with fixed teams, like 3 vs 3, just to try it out. The problem is that my buddies have never agreed to it. So now I was wondering: has anyone else has ever done this? And did it work out or not? 
489	boardgames	 In terms of avoiding conflict , ire_and_curses recommends Pandemic , "where each player works together to try and halt the spread of a number of deadly diseases" . 
490	boardgames	 I'm interested to know if there exists something like a chess timer, but for an arbitrary number of players. I would like to use this for games such as Carcassonne and Settlers of Catan, where each player's turn is largely independent of the other player's involvement. Assuming there is a product like this I would like to hear whether you have found it helpful to play with, or whether you think it causes more problems than it solves. 
491	boardgames	 I'm not sure if this is what you're looking for, but there are various Risk variants that use exactly the same rules and mechanics, but on a different board. I've got the Lord of the Rings and Star Wars variants, and there are others . As far as I can tell (from the LOTR and Star Wars verions) they normally/often have some extra (and optional) themed rule and unit variations, which, combined with the new map topology, can keep it interesting if you're bored of classic Risk. 
492	boardgames	 I don't know if they exist, but it is fairly easy to create using kitchen clocks or stopwatches. One for each player. Or it can be programmed on the computer. 
493	boardgames	 While playing the 18xx games (create routes for trains and try to get the most money with your trains), it sometimes takes a lot of time to find the optimal route for the trains. Does anybody know if there is any software available to help with this problem? 
494	boardgames	 I an game like Settlers of Catan, a timer like that wont really work. What should happen when a player uses too much time? Should he be excluded from the game? Using cumulative timing in multi player games usually wont work well. Also for Settlers of Catan, there is a lot of player interaction going on, trading haggling etc, which is a big part of the game. This holds true for most of such types of games. I found it much more useful to either: Use a single timer, fx you can only use a certain amount of time each turn. If things are deadlocked, fx can't make a trade in Settlers that both parties can agree upon, give a count of 5 to make a move, or pass the turn. 
495	boardgames	 When playing for fun with friends I wouldn't use a timer to limit someone, after all not everyone has the same favorite game and spend different amount of times on it so they'll know the combinations faster/slower. It just feels (for me) wrong and more competitive then a social fun thing which is why I play them at all. So I'd vote for not using them. Anyway if you disagree then there's always those small sand timers that even comes with some games (drawing games I think?) you can pick up a few of those for multiplayer where each has his own I suppose. 1 min sand timer on Amazon is like $1-2 a piece. 
497	boardgames	 Watch what other players buy Particularly attack cards when defense cards are in the game. Also be aware of how close to running out the piles are. Remember, the game ends when any 3 piles are gone from Supply (non-Supply piles like Cornucopia's Prizes or Dark Ages's Spoils do not affect this), when all the Provinces are gone, or when all the Colonies are gone. Buy piles other players want This is related to the above. In particular, don't let one player buy down a single pile, particularly if said pile has plus actions. 
498	boardgames	 A friend notified me of a site he occasionally plays on: According to him, it's a nice site. Problem is that it's entirely in Japanese. He's lucky enough to understand Japanese but most people don't so I added this answer just for reference. Update: I found a nice site where you can play (only) against the computer. English language, no setup, completely free and easy to use - a great introduction into Mahjong. Update 2: This page lists several clients. I did not try them yet. DragonKong Mahjong Janryumon (雀龍門) Japanese Mahjong by Game Design Kinma Mahjong Online Battle (近代麻雀オンラインバトル) Kong 88 MahjongTime Maru-Jan Pairon (ぱいろん) Ron2 (ロン2) Tenhou (天鳳) Tetsuya@Tonpuusou (哲也＠東風荘) Tonpuusou (東風荘) Toupaiou (闘牌王) Tsumo (ツモ) Yahoo! Games Yahoo!ゲーム - 無料ゲーム - 麻雀 
500	boardgames	 The G8 Game Timer sounds like what you're looking for, and Greg Aleknevicus has has a very nice review of it in The Games Journal . It seems like it might be hard to come by these days, as its out of stock in many stores, though it appears the manufacturer still sells them directly . From the review: To my mind the device only really works well when playing games in which the players take sequential, non-interactive turns of several minutes duration. While this might seem rather restrictive there are lots of games that do fall into this category. Also, it's precisely these games in which a timer is most useful. The aforementioned Tikal is one such example and Vinci is another with which it worked quite well. Ultimately, I can't really say whether I recommend this or not. Not because I don't think it's a worthy piece of game equipment, it is. Rather, because its usefulness will depend so much on the particular game and group that's using it. As mentioned in the review, a timer is less useful in certain games. Games that involve lots of interaction with other players during your turn, such as trading in Settlers of Catan, mean that the length of your turn doesn't depend only on how fast you play, but also on how fast your opponents make decisions. I don't think that Settlers of Catan would work well with a timer. You also need to consider what you do when a player runs out of time; do you simply eliminate them from the game? In a two player game, when you run out of time you lose, and the other player wins; in some multiplayer games, elimination can disproportionately benefit one player over the other ones. Then there are games in which people's turns generally go fast enough that the timer is more of a distraction than a benefit. I would put Carcassonne in this category; it doesn't usually take long for someone to place a single tile. If people are taking too long, there's a simple house rule that I use: people draw their tile at the end of their previous turn, instead of the start of the next one. That way, they have everyone else's turn to think about where they want to place it, and the board only changes a bit by the time it gets back around to them. That said, there are some games in which the timer would be useful. Games in which elimination doesn't disrupt the game, which have long turns in which each player plays independently of the others, and which are prone to analysis paralysis. 
502	boardgames	 Not to my knowledge. One thing I've done to assist with this problem is to use a pile of D6's of a couple different colors. Place a D6 on each city of one color to represent your smallest train and work your way up to your largest. When you are finished, pick up the D6's generating your total run profit as you go. Towards the end of the game, we usually help each other, as the diesel runs can become quite dramatic as I'm sure you're aware! It just speeds the game along as we don't want one person obsessing over his run for twenty minutes to gain an extra $10. 
503	boardgames	 I have always played against the same circle of friends and family in the past, and I normally win. My experience is limited to their playing styles, though. I start in Australia (against popular advice, it seems), and then progress from there conservatively. I will never weaken my front by going for that extra territory at all cost. Breach out to Japan, and then north. Strengthen the access point to North America, and then head for Africa. Don't forget the power of diplomacy ! Don't anger the guy who controls or is trying to control North America - leave that till later. My experience is that the game ends in a big war between East and West, me being East (for no other reason that the game plays to my liking that way). 
504	boardgames	 We've been playing the new Space Hulk card game, "Death Angels" at our gaming sessions of late. We've noticed that the Force Field card (the Librarian Support) seems to be a game-winner, to the extent that our strategies revolve around it 100% when it is available. Since it can shut down a single swarm of an arbitrarily large size, and since swarms move collectively and merge when they arrive at the same square, our tactics tend to center around herding all the swarms onto a single square, then using "Force Field" infinitely to lock it down while we move through the Hulk at will and eventually reach the last room. Upon reaching the last room, frequently the objective has nothing to do with killing all the 'stealers, so we auto-win. On the few occasions where it does require killing all the stealers, the location card itself frequently provides an out, or we stack all of our support tokens on the librarian and have him 'chain-gun' the swarm down. The card itself seems to have robbed the game of much of its challenge. Is this correct, or are we missing something about how the card works and how its mechanics interact with the game? 
506	boardgames	 Fingertip drumming, tapping your feet and frequently asking "Is it my turn yet?" will help resolve this issue in future game sessions. 
507	boardgames	 Have the US send over fighters and bombers to Russia as soon as possible. This is the fastest way of reinforcing the front, as russia is able to 'confiscate' allied units in their ground. Have England concentrate mostly on keeping the seas clean early in the game. 
508	boardgames	 My group of friends really enjoys playing Cranium, but we played it so often that we all more or less memorized the questions and have plans for all the activities. Is there more content available for Cranium, and if so, where can it be found? 
509	boardgames	 There are booster packs for Cranium that add more cards for each category. For example, this set and this set . You could also check out the Cranium WOW edition. It has a whole new set of cards. I've played this version and a lot of the red cards seemed easier than the original version of the game. 
510	boardgames	 Maybe it helps if you imagine how hard you will laugh when one actually gets through! Not doing the most logical/sensible action can be a lot of fun, even if it costs some fighters (Which are cheap anyway). Isn't there a technology upgrade that increases the chances of a successful sabotage run? 
511	boardgames	 The Icehouse Game System can handle variable amounts of players. There is a list of N-player games at the Icehouse Game Wiki. It may not be the most strategic game, but I've played a lot of Martian Coasters (2-5 Players). It scales well up to 5 players. There are tons of other games that support many different amounts of players so there is much to choose from in this game system. 
512	boardgames	 Did find possible Farm &amp; Cart replacement on BoardGameBits not the correct ones but if it is for replacement it might help someone. 
513	boardgames	 I'm going to recommend Puerto Rico . My wife and I play the 2-player variant (official variant from the designer) all the time and find it quite satisfactory. Since it's the top rated game on BGG, I think it will probably appeal to both of you. We also have been enjoying Dungeon Lords lately. It is quite a bit more complex than PR, though. We love Roll Through the Ages , though admittedly, we have both only ever played the version on the iPhone. The full-on Through the Ages is a great game, but it's a long one. You'll spend your whole afternoon on anything but the introductory version of the game. As far as games designed expressly for two players, I recently traded in a couple of games that were fairly highly rated, Dracula and Mr. Jack , because neither of us particularly liked them. The game I put the proceeds towards is Claustrophobia . It's a 2-player asymmetrical game built on direct conflict and interaction between the players. Tons of fun though, we both like it more than the two we sold put together! 
514	boardgames	 I've seen some people win with a "cities and development cards" strategy. If you have the appropriate combination of resources from your initial settlements (lots of ore and wheat), you can basically spend almost all of your resources on dev cards and cities. Dev cards can help you with the things you're weaker in; road building can help you build roads even if you're short on wood and brick, and other dev cards can help supplement your other resources. You will need to build at least one more settlement, but you can probably trade for the resources needed for that (or get them through dev cards). And if you buy dev cards early and often, you can rack up a few secret VPs, get the largest army and get rid of the robber to help you produce more of that vital ore and wheat. In this strategy, you generally want to buy at least one city before you start buying dev cards, but after that, alternate between dev cards and cities, with just enough emphasis on your extra road and settlement to make sure it doesn't get blocked. When you use this strategy, you don't depend on the exact outcome of two VPs, largest army, and 3 cities. You need to be flexible based on what you draw; if you draw lots of development cards that give you resources, you build out more, possibly getting 4 cities, or you might just wind up with lots of VPs and not even need the third city. And if you draw lots of soldiers, the person I knew who played this way most often would use them to extort good trades out of people; threaten to put the robber on their best producing tiles, unless they gave him very favorable trades (he used to demand that they simply give him resources, until we noticed the rule that a trade must involve both players giving the other something). Thus, there are two paths to victory; one by VP/largest army, and one by generating lots of resources through dev cards (plus largest army; this strategy pretty much guarantees you that). 
515	boardgames	 The Awful Green Things from Outer Space is a great two player game, that is always a little different thanks to the unpredictability of what each weapon will do each game. 
516	boardgames	 OGRE can be a good two player game. One player gets an army, the other gets a giant cyborg-tank. It's a pretty even match-up. There are some strategies that are pretty quick to learn, but you can use a variety of scenarios too. 
517	boardgames	 I have played Le Havre with 3, 4 and 5 players, and although the dynamics of the game change, the game is designed to deal with the differing number of players effectively in the way that the end of round 'feeding' phase determines how much food is required. The more the players, the less food required, ensuring that that the game is well balanced regardless of the player numbers. Excellent consideration has gone into this game to deal with the problem of some games being best for a certain number of users. 
518	boardgames	 When would you ever want to buy this instead of just buying a Silver for the same price? 
519	boardgames	 I see two benefits to this: First, it's helping you cycle through your deck quickly, which is almost always a good thing. Theoretically, your discard pile should contain new cards that make your deck stronger, so you want to get to shuffling them in as soon as possible. Second, though you don't mention it, Loan gives you the option of trashing the revealed treasure instead of just discarding it. If the treasure is a Copper (especially likely early in the game), you will probably want to trash it instead of discarding it, since this can hone down your deck. But since Loan itself is worth a coin, it always has some value, so it won't be clogging your deck with a useless card late in the game. Whether this is worth more than a Silver probably depends on your strategy and the other cards available. If this were the only trashing card available, I would be tempted to buy it. Read this blog post (and the comments) for a discussion of the statistics concerning Loan. The short version is this: If the Loan does not pull a Treasure you want to trash, it statistically does no harm to your deck, unless your deck is very small. 
520	boardgames	 Does a flush beat a straight in three-card poker? 
521	boardgames	 Mine is similar to Michael Mrozek, but up until recently, we'd had 5-6 people on average playing, and we've had 8 show up before at once (we split into two games then). We used to divide responsibilities like this: One person chooses the kingdom types (using an app) One person has Dominion to pull out cards the first person names. One person has Intrigue to pull out cards the first person names. One person has Seaside to pull out cards the first person names. If we have any more people, they pull out the treasure and victory cards. If not, either the person who has Dominion or Intrigue does. Now, two of our usual players left, leaving us with 3-5 at any given time. Plus, we now have Prosperity. We handle this by having the people pulling cards out of two sets instead of just one, alternating between the two pulling cards. 
522	boardgames	 When playing bridge which bids need to be pointed out/alerted? 
524	boardgames	 My daughter is a huge Blue card fan (she loves mermaids especially). How can I build a solid blue deck on a limited budget with easily obtainable cards? 
526	boardgames	 Dominion Shuffle for Android I'd have to go back and use iDominion some more to compare the two, but this is the best option I've found for Android users. Turn various expansions on and off. Require or prohibit a certain card. You can set minimums and maximums for any number of things Examples: Require at least one card each of costs 2 through 5; require three cost-5 cards; require no more than 4 cards from Intrigue; require [X] +Action/+Buy/trashing cards; etc. If you can dream it up, you can probably do it. It allows you to set up a pretty detailed list of rules, like requiring a minimum number of X when any Y cards show up. This lets you do the obvious reaction card(s) to go with attack cards, but you can even use it for odd preferences like: require Mine if prosperity cards are in play; require at least 4 Alchemy cards if any Alchemy cards are in play; require a Moat if a Witch is in play; require Embargo if that annoying card your friend likes is in play; etc. 
527	boardgames	 No, it doesn't beat it. Unlike 'normal' Poker, where a flush does beat it, a straight is much less likely with three cards and is ranked higher as a result. The order of probability (least likely first) is: Straight flush Three of a kind Straight Flush Pair 
529	boardgames	 Sometimes, I'm sitting in a bar, hanging out with a friend or three, and we run out of things to talk about. I think "this would be a great time to play a game, but I don't have one on me." My local pub has a collection of games in the corner, but they consist of about half a chess set, half a scrabble set with a beat up board, and two thirds of a nice backgammon set. What games are good for playing in a bar? Some criteria that can help determine if a game will be appropriate: Not too many fiddly little components to get lost; or easily replaceable components if they do Somewhat resilient to spilled beer Everything is easy to see, as bars can sometimes be a bit dark Not too complex; after a couple of beers, remembering a lot of rules can be hard Easily portable, and fits on a small table, or the space between two people at the bar itself Also, please let me know if you actually have played this game in a bar, and how it went. Some games might seem good for the venue, but turn out not to be. (note: despite the beer-and-pretzels tag, I'm not interested in solely beer and pretzels games, though those are welcome; games that are a bit deeper can be fine for bars too) 
530	boardgames	 I've played with several of the roles invented by The Graduate Mafia Brotherhood of Princeton University , but the most memorable was the Kingmaker : A despotic regime has siezed power, usurping democracy. Each turn, there will be a King or Queen who has the sole power to decide who will be lynched. Open debate is allowed, but the day ends as soon as the King/Queen makes his/her choice. The Kingmaker is a civilian, who, each night, names a King/Queen for the following round. The Kingmaker cannot choose himself, and he cannot choose the same person for two consecutive rounds. The Kingmaker must choose someone. One game in particular, the Kingmaker's pleas of &quot;Don't bite the hand that feeds you&quot; went entirely unheeded. We played the rest of that game democratically. I also noticed that with too many roles in use, moderation can get ridiculously hard. 
531	boardgames	 Checkers, Mancala or Backgammon come to mind, granted after a few drinks your moves may not be optimal but hey that's the fun, playing with a "handicap". And all of these can be purchased in liquid resistant varieties. 
532	boardgames	 A deck of cards can do wonders. Admittedly not a single game, however that's the strength. You can pick different games given the preferences and number of players. Also, you can also get plastic cards which are water resistant and a single deck is quite cheap and portable. As for actual game suggestions i like Cribbage . It can require a separate board for scoring, but it could just as easily be written by hand. It's a great game for two and there is a three player variant. I also happen to be keen on Pinochle , which requires either two decks or buying a special deck. It's a fun trick taking game with a little bidding for three or four players. 
533	boardgames	 Spells, activated abilities, and triggered abilities go onto the stack when they are cast, activated, or triggered. Before they resolve, any player is allowed to play other (instant-speed) spells or abilities, which themselves go on the stack and can be responded to. If no player responds to an item on the stack, the top (most recently played) spell or ability resolves. There are, however, several actions that do not use the stack. Among them are the turn-based actions, the game actions that happen automatically when steps or phases begin or end. Declaring attackers is one of those turn-based actions: As soon as the "Declare Attackers" step begins, the attacking player declares any attacking creatures, before anyone gets to play any spells or abilities that step. This action cannot be responded to; once a creature is declared as an attacker, you cannot tap it to prevent it from attacking. Even if it has vigilance, tapping it will not remove it from combat unless it's due to regeneration or an effect that explicitly removes something from combat. However, there are occasions before the Declare Attackers step when opponents are allowed to tap potential attackers; in particular, the end of the pre-combat main phase, and the end of the "beginning of combat" step. For convenience, most players respect "In response to your declaration to attack" as shorthand for playing something at the end of the main phase. Note, however, that the attacker is not obligated to declare attackers before such a response, and is free to change any declaration that was proposed before you interrupted it. For example, if your opponent plays Arc Runner and immediately declares it as an attacker, you may play Twitch on that Arc Runner "in response," by which you really mean at the end of his or her pre-combat main phase. However, if you do, your opponent is then allowed to attack with any other creatures he or she controls. On the other hand, if you specifically ask which creatures your opponent is attacking with, you have implicitly given up the ability to play Twitch until after they're attacking. As for tapping a creature to remove it from combat, something similar used to apply to blockers , not attackers. That rule was removed in the sixth edition rules update, when the stack was introduced. 
534	boardgames	 Gin Rummy is a game I have played in bars, coffee shops, on trains, and in cafes, etc. It requires nothing more than a deck of cards, a notepad and a pen/pencil. For a darker bar, you can always use vision impaired cards with big pips. Plastic cards are resilient to spilled beer. As for difficulty, it's not very hard to learn and the rules are not overwhelming. It may be better to learn before imbibing; but once you (and others) learn the game it can be played most anywhere. Here's a link to the basics: 
535	boardgames	 Bar games, brings back memories... We used to play a game, but I'm not sure about the english name. It was some poker game with three dice and a cup. The idea was that the dice (for example 4, 6 and 2) create the higest possible number (in this case 642). You called the number and the other player accepted or lifted the cup. If the call was accepted, the other player must exceed the number by rerolling one or more dice. Or pass the cup blind with a higher call. If the cup was lifted, and the call was a lie, the caller paid a point, else the lifter paid a point. The points where represented by an extra die, starting at 6 and counting down. If you lost on a 1, you had to pay for this round of drinks. The game was simple but fun. 
536	boardgames	 Seems like push your luck games would fit the atmosphere in a bar. The classic push your luck game is Sid Sackson's Can't Stop . I suspect if you had four dice, pencil, pen, and paper you could work out a way to play it. 
537	boardgames	 I've played Reiner Knizia's Dice Decathlon (PDF) in many strange places, but not in a bar. All you need is 8 dice, pen and paper for keeping score, and the rules. 
538	boardgames	 This is not so much about the stack, as the order of the turn: Beginning Phase Main Phase Combat Phase Beginning of Combat step Declare Attackers step Declare Blockers step Damage step End of Combat step Main Phase End Phase After the first main phase, there's a step where you can play abilities like tapping, but before they can attack you: Beginning of Combat step. Every turn goes in this order (with minor exceptions) But when we play, we usually don't bother talking about every phase and step, often because nothing happened in them! But they're still part of every turn, if we need to do something then. So there's nothing wrong with your opponent playing a spell, then moving right on to "I attack you with this guy." All you have to say is "wait, I want to do stuff at the Beginning of Combat" and back up to that point. Then you tap whoever you want to tap. Just remember, after the tapping your opponent gets to decide how they want to attack, knowing their creature is tapped! And after they know you can tap things, in future turns they should stop and ask you before they declare attackers. (You can ask them nicely to do this.) That way they don't give away the info of who they want to attack with! 
539	boardgames	 Dominion Kingdom Deck for iPhone, free! From the iTunes description: offers an optional structured randomization mode. In this mode, it guarantees that there is at least 1 card each of 2 cost, 3 cost, 4 cost and 5 cost. All current cards for Dominion, Intrigue, Seaside, Alchemy and Prosperity as well as the promo cards Black Market, Envoy and Stash are included as starting data. All sets can be turned on and off to match your playing situation. Don't like a card in the list? Swipe the row and replace it with a new one. Have a custom set? Add it in with the built-in set editor. Had a particularly interesting mix of cards? Save the list and recall it later. 
540	boardgames	 I think Perudo ( Liar's Dice ) would work great in a bar. You need 5 dice and a cup per person, the rules are easy but the game is hard, there's a lot of interaction, and playing dice and drinking traditionally go together very well. The related game Skull can be played with bar coasters and a pen, and is one of the better games for drunk people. 
541	boardgames	 Many people complain, when they first try Are You the Traitor? , that they don't know where to start; a lot of people will just sit there and think about it, without saying anything, or will accidentally reveal their role quickly by the questions they ask or fail to ask. What are some good opening questions or strategies for getting the ball rolling, if you're a guard, traitor, or keyholder? While you have different goals in all of those cases, you're trying not to reveal that, so your opening questions or discussion should probably be the same regardless of which role you take. The same question could be asked for the wizards, but for the purpose of this question, lets restrict it to the Adventurers. If you're an Adventurer, what are good ways to start the game and get the ball rolling? 
542	boardgames	 Whenever you buy a development card, it increase your options because: Development Cards solve your problems. Get a resource you couldn't otherwise, with Monopoly, Year of Plenty, or stealing using a Knight. Get more resources by getting the Robber off your land. (Remember you can do this before you roll!) Slow down an opponent by putting the Robber on their land. Build roads quickly to cut someone off or reach a settlement first, with Road Building. And they don't, on average, actually cost 3 resources. Monopoly, Year of Plenty, and Knight all gain you at least one back, which you can choose (even somewhat when stealing with the knight). Road Building is worth 4 resources. Even if you get a victory point, how many resources do other victory points cost? Settlement is 4, City is 5. Longest Road is a lot. Because of the low effective cost of development cards, and the gains you get from them, buying development cards actually banks your resources in a fairly fluid way, yet out of your hand so you don't have too many cards. In short, when should you buy development cards? Anytime you can and you don't have something else you'd rather build THAT TURN. Buying the card means all the better chance of building whatever you want next turn. I buy Development Cards whenever I can. One last note, if you are richest in sheep, development cards are probably your shortest path to victory (combined with some expansion/cities). 
543	boardgames	 My family enjoys playing Boggle . Usually it's all adults that play, but come the holidays it's not uncommon to have elementary and junior high aged cousins, nieces, and nephews interested in playing but lack the vocabulary (and practice time!) the adults enjoy. Any suggestions on how to handicap the adults to make the game more balanced when younger players join? 
544	boardgames	 You could require the more experienced players to find words with a minimum number of letters. Like, they need at least 5 letters in the word to count? Or, the younger players could be given additional time. 
545	boardgames	 If you have nothing but a pen and a napkin, the dots game could be something super simple to pass the time. And, it doesn't require a whole lot of brain power. :) 
546	boardgames	 My wife kicks serious butt at Boggle, so much so that I don't like playing with her anymore. I asked her this question, and without hesitating, she said "Either give the kids double the time, or the adults half the time". I may have to try this with her at some point (with me receiving the handicap) :D 
547	boardgames	 Here is the chain of events: I activate The Shallow Grave to special summon a needle worm from my graveyard (and my opponent chooses their monster), and then my opponent uses D.D. Crow to remove the needle worm from play. Does my opponent still get the monster he has chosen to special summon? 
549	boardgames	 In Settlers of Catan, there's a variant where instead of rolling the dice, you use a stack of 36 cards with each combination. This reduces the luck component, but has as disadvantage that you can predict future rolls to some extent. The iPhone Catan game also allows this rule variant. Have you tried this and do you think it's an improvement? EDIT: Have you tried other methods of reducing the importance of luck? 
550	boardgames	 If it's not part of any sort of larger tournament or ranking system, then there's pretty much no difference between everyone losing and a draw, so it's just going to wind up being an issue of perception. The solution, then, would be to play it in the context of a ranking system or tournament. I don't know the game in question, so I don't know what the possible outcomes are, but you could assign different point values to different results; winning gets you 1 point, losing gets you 0, and Rome falling gets everyone -1. Then people will have an incentive not to let Rome fall; if they do, they will lose rank compared to other players not in that game. By the way, this sort of brinksmanship between the fall-of-Rome-is-a-loss and fall-of-Rome-is-a-draw crowds may be an intentional feature of the game. After all, it's not all that uncommon for some politicians or political parties to focus so hard on winning their own particular issues that they're willing to put the whole country at risk (state, nation, empire, what have you) if they don't get their way. It sounds like a pretty realistic political situation, if you ask me. 
551	boardgames	 I haven't tried this variation, and to be honest, I don't think I would want to either. Randomness in games can bother me, but Settlers of Catan is one of those games where I don't mind the randomness. With the deck-of-cards variation, you know at some point in the next 36 cards that, for example, a 2 and a 12 will come up at some point, and if you can count cards, you can most certainly predict what the next results will be. Me, I rather be amused when we spend six turns in a row rolling a 3. That's just part of the game. 
552	boardgames	 After getting the Rio Grande Treasure Chest for the two Puerto Rico expansions, I want to spice up my set of Puerto Rico a little bit. Can anyone recommend any good sites where I could get physical coins to use instead of the $1 and $5 pieces in the game? I was thinking period-authentic replicas, or just even nice looking small gold and silver doubloon-looking coins. 
553	boardgames	 Board Game Bits has little wooden disks in various sizes. You could get some cheap plastic pirate coins you can get at pirate stores. This might help spice things up also. There is also a company out of Australia, Campaign Coins , that specializes in coinage useful for games and LARPs. They're prices are a little steep at $7 for ten coins, but they have a good selection of different designs. 
554	boardgames	 I bought the deck of cards , but everyone I play with just wants to roll dice. So I bought precision dice . 
555	boardgames	 I'm going to go out on a limb and suggest Phase 10 . The cards are fairly easy to play, and you can play it with a couple friends. Decks are also very inexpensive so once they get really dirt, buy another one. Having played it enough at coffee shops to wear out one set of cards, I think it fits the bill 
556	boardgames	 The fall-of-Rome-is-a-draw players are right: they realize that, like all games, it's a zero-sum game. To solve this the other players should make sure that any players that can bring Rome down still have a chance of victory. They have power and deserve the concessions they ask for. It's very interesting from a game theorical perspective. 
557	boardgames	 Group the players according to skill level. Each of your words are eliminated if anybody in your group or below has a duplicate word. Players in groups higher than yours cannot eliminate your words, but you can eliminate theirs. I think there should be at least two players in the lowest group, but maybe you want to be really kind to the most junior player. I haven't tested this, it might be too unbalanced. Try experimenting with the group sizes. I suspect fewer groups would be better. 
558	boardgames	 There's a whole bunch of appropriate games listed in this article on low tech game systems . 
559	boardgames	 Based on this ruling on Disappear : When a card that selects a card in the Graveyard as a target, such as "Monster Reborn", "Mask of Darkness", "Magician of Faith", "Spear Cretin", or "The Shallow Grave", is activated, you may chain "Disappear" to remove the targeted card from play, and the "Monster Reborn", etc., will resolve without effect . This is because these cards select their target at activation, not resolution. (Source) Your opponent wouldn't get the monster. D.D. Crow appears to work exactly like Disappear when discarded. So the same ruling should apply. 
560	boardgames	 You could use different scoring for the kids and the adults. The normal scoring is For the less skilled players, you could try something more like which increases the reward for finding any words not found by the veteran players, and gives huge bonuses for large words (which are even more unlikely for them). You can adjust the values up or down depending on the relative skill levels of the junior players. Another idea, related to Don Kirkby's interesting answer , is to automatically score words over a certain size for the juniors (instead of discounting them if others have them) - for example, any word over 5 letters. This encourages the children to put the effort in for the larger words, which for them is likely a much more challenging task than for the grown-ups. 
561	boardgames	 It might seem surprising, but playing chess in a bar or pub can work really well, with the right people. A particularly fun social variation that I used to play a lot we called " Exchange Chess ". It's not a hugely skillful game, but it tends to be quick, loud, cooperative, and leads to lots of good-natured abuse! You have two or three boards, adjacent to each other, with alternating colours. The players on each side form a team (so there are two teams). The rules are the same as normal chess, with the following additions: Whenever you take a piece, you pass the captured piece to your adjacent team-mate. When it's your go, you can choose to either make a normal move, or place one of your stash of received pieces on the board. There are a couple of restrictions; you may not place your opponent directly in check with a placed piece, and you may not place a pawn on the first, seventh or eighth ranks. It's fine to place a piece to block a check on your own king. If you get a pawn to the end of the board, you can 'queen' it. But if the pawn is captured, it is passed to the other player as a pawn, not a queen (or any other piece). You are allowed to communicate with your team members ("Hey, it would be great if I had a bishop available right now!"), but you're not allowed to delay your game to wait for an adjacent game (this is called "stalling"). This is a gentleman's agreement; there are no hard and fast rules for stalling. Expect to be yelled at if you delay. It's considered bad form to think for more than a few seconds for each move. Play should be fast and fluid. If an individual game ends, chalk up the result to the winning team, and reset the board (the other boards continue to play). If you don't have enough pieces, you must use what you've got. Extra pieces beyond those of a normal game setup are not placed, but are available for placement in subsequent turns. The winning team is the first to some number of points (5 works quite well). There tends to be a snowball effect where once one team gets the upper hand, things go rapidly downhill for the others. Having a fixed winning point, and then starting the series again with equal pieces helps keep things fun. One of the cool things about this game is the bizarre situations that can arise. It's perfectly possible to have 4 white-squared bishops, for example. The other big advantage is that poor players have a much better chance against chess aficionados, especially if the teams are balanced, because there's a lot of unpredictability to the game. This gives the game a much wider appeal to beginners than standard chess (where, if you're a beginner, you almost always lose to even a moderately skilled amateur). 
562	boardgames	 There's a few things to weigh up here. What else could you get with the points? It's easy to go overboard on your 'hero' units, and forget that you could spend that extra 15 points on more basic troops. With Orks, huge numbers is a core strategy. A few extra Boyz could be much more valuable to you. Who do you expect to be facing? Ignoring armour is a much more useful ability against Space Marines and Necrons than it is against Dark Eldar or Tyranids. If you regularly play against a few particular armies, then this is particularly relevant. More tactically, consider whether your Ork Nob will be likely to be in a situation where he can make use of armour-ignoring abilities. Will he be attacking tanks, Dreadnoughts, or souped up heroes? Or is the primary role of the squad to act as cannon fodder, or take down more generic troops? Bottom line - there's no point taking expensive custom stuff if you don't make use of it. What do your other models have? I like giving identical units different weapons, just for variety. This is also handy when you need to pull out a specialised weapon combo for a particular scenario. What do you like the look of more? This is actually an important point, in my opinion. Warhammer is about aesthetics and cool models just as much as it is about optimising armies and strategies. If you think the looks much better, that's a strong argument for taking that as a weapon! Without knowing the answers to these questions, I can't give you a straight recommendation. The is clearly a much more powerful weapon. But whether the cost (both points and aesthetic) is justified depends on all these factors. 
563	boardgames	 There are several 18xx games easily available, maybe 8 or so that have mass produced and a few dozen kits that can be purchased or downloaded. I love 18xx games, but I've found that not everyone I teach shares my enthusiasm. I understand that some games will never appeal to certain folks but I think that part of the problem is the relative complexity of 18xx games. As a group, they have several different mechanics that have to be learned for a new player to play a credible game. With this question I'm looking for recommendations for the best 18xx game to teach a new player. The game should have the best chance of hooking new players and getting them to want to explore the genre deeper. I think that the best game would have: a shorter playing time The importance of Private companies should be minimized. I've found that asking people to bid right at the start of the game on things they don't understand is very intimidating. tolerance for mistakes (I'm thinking of the ease of sliding into bankruptcy for even experienced players in 1830 here) 
564	boardgames	 In general you must alert when your bid does not conform to the expectations of the people at the event/table you are playing at. Various organizations and clubs have more specific bids and conditions that you must alert on. Some have bids that never require alerts. 
565	boardgames	 Yes , that is correct. If your domain has no knights it can only expand into territory that is not part of any domain. In this case you should get some knights into your domain and take advantage of your neighbor before he does the same to you! 
566	boardgames	 You should be able to build a reasonable deck of any colour for casual play using just standard commons. It won't be particularly exciting, but as long as you have a reasonably large fraction of creatures, go easy on the enchantments, and choose cards to follow the mana curve (i.e. some low cost, some high cost, most in-between), you'll be fine. I'm not entirely sure what you mean by 'mermaids'. If you're referring to Merfolk, then yes, you should be able to build a reasonable deck based on that theme relatively cheaply. A basic idea would be 4x Lord of Atlantis , 4x Sunken City , and then your choice of Merfolk cards (of which there are lots; many are common). Here's a list of Merfolk to give you an idea of the possibilities: 
567	boardgames	 When I play Settlers of Catan, I often find myself rapidly bored by the trading component of the game. This is normally because of one or two players who insist on endlessly protracted negotiations for any item. These always start at ludicrous extremes ("I want a lumber.", "I'll give you a lumber - for 3 sheep, a brick and two ore!", "No way!", etc. etc.) and take forever to converge (if they ever do). I find this type of thing can quickly suck the life out of the game. This is a shame, as, apart from that aspect, the game is quite entertaining. How do you handle this sort of behaviour? 
568	boardgames	 In Small World , as soon as you discover that someone has a combo that seems powerful you need only to do a couple things Kill off any declined empire of his Regularly snipe a territory or two of his every turn. If at least one other players agrees with you, the declined empire should be gone by the start of his second turn with the powerful combo (at the latest). Without a declined empire regularly gaining a few VPs/turn, it is very hard to win. Next you have to deal with the elves. You definitely don't want him expanding to 8 territories and taking 16VPs/turn! 8 elves can be knocked back pretty easily. He has no combat bonuses on either offense or defense, so you should be able to reduce him to a max of 2 territories at the start of his turn pretty fast. Bottle him up with stacks 2-3 high, this will limit his expansion and should keep his VP generation below yours. Don't be afraid to go into decline early and often. Grab any combo with a combat advantage of some sort and exploit it. Once it plays out, get another one. The Merchant Elves will be stuck fighting for the same 2-4 territories every turn until he goes into decline. Merchant only gives +2 troops, everything else except Fortified (+3) gives at least +4 troops. This means that Merchant is meant to be a very powerful ability, on the other hand, you will almost certainly outnumber him. Grab a combat oriented power on top of that and the battles should greatly favor you. Some combos that might be particularly annoying to the merchant elves are: Flying Ratmen or Amazons (attack his soft underbelly with a ton of troops) Mounted Skeletons should have him restricted to the mountains in no time Stout anything - just throw them at him and go get another empire while he cleans up the carnage Commando Giants - grab mountains, anything around them will probably fall to 1 attacking giant! 
569	boardgames	 This is just a case of a player taking too long to take their turn. Just house rule in a turn time limit, say "You should finish your turn in X minutes/seconds/whatever, except in really extraordinary circumstances." Assuming everybody's just playing for fun, it shouldn't be too contentious. Of course, if you find your games are really competitive you might consider a proper time piece to enforce stricter time limits. 
570	boardgames	 I've played with some slow players, but those folks sound extreme! Here is how I would handle it. First, agree on a time limit for trading and enforce it. Next, initiate trading with the players you know are more reasonable. If an agreement can be reached, ask the problem traders if they can beat it. Don't give them long to answer and then move on. You might consider starting closer or even on a good port if you are playing with these players. If they know you can trade 3:1 or better it should loosen them up. Also, be sure to enforce the rule that requires you to be a part of all trade discussions during your turn. IE, this should not happen You - I need Lumber Player 1 - I'll give you a lumber for 3 sheep Player 2 to Player 1 - I'd do it for 3 sheep and a brick 
571	boardgames	 If people want exorbitant quantities of resources for a trade, I just don't bother trading with them. Encourage your friends to be reasonable, or deny trades. A little mediation on your own part might even be worth it. I know I've successfully encouraged other players to trade to my own determent. I would have won when my turn came by claiming largest army had my friend not gotten the resources to build that city. If your going to take forever to cut a deal, I don't mind commenting. If people are willing to pay exorbitant rates, I'll undercut them if I can. 
572	boardgames	 The order should proceed like this: All damage is assigned (leave the damage tokens near the unit to be damaged) Note: a target may be over assigned damage at the player's discretion but this is not required except in the case of damage cancellation even when you know the unit will survive due to other protective effects Certain effects trigger and are resolved including redirecting damage. In this case, the Priests are able to redirect one damage point, preferably to a unit with toughness Damage is moved onto the card, destroying any cards that still have damage equal to its hit points. Source - FAQ and Rules on Fantasy Flight's website 
573	boardgames	 My grandparents passed away recently, and my mother is cleaning out their house. They have some vintage board games (ca. 1960's, maybe?) in their house, and she's wondering what to do with them. I don't know if any of them are collectible or not; she sent me a rather low-res picture in which a few are identifiable: Mille Bornes, Barrel of Monkeys, Flinch, Contack, Yahtzee, a few card games like Old Maid and Crazy Eights. How would I go about finding out if there's a market for any of these? I tried checking BoardGameGeek , which shows what's for sale there and on eBay, but that tells me nothing about whether anyone is actually buying those games (well, in some cases it tells me a little; if there are a bunch of eBay auctions, all with no bids, there probably isn't much demand). Is there any good way for me to determine if there's a demand for any of these games? Is there a good place I should try and sell them? Or should I just give them to the local thrift store, as it probably won't be worth the hassle of storing them and listing them for sale? 
574	boardgames	 Never tried it, and I think that making and breaking alliances is a big part of the game. The fact that there can be only one winner keeps everyone on their toes! How would you resolve secret objectives? Will you still go for the victory point path or would you try galaxy domination? 
575	boardgames	 Don't engage in it. Start with your offer (Make it a fair one the first time round), and break it off as soon as someone tries to squeeze a little more out of the deal. People will tend to loosen up as soon as they realize they are not getting any deals done thanks to their negotiation urges. Simple 'no's work best. 
576	boardgames	 Ork codex says that Ork Boyz has the following option: For every ten Orks in the mob, one Ork may exchange his slugga or shoota for: big shoota (+5 points per model) rokkit launcha (+10 points per model) Lets say I have a 30-Ork mob. Does that mean that I can have 3 big shootas AND 3 rokkit launchas in it or I can only have 3 of either big shoota or rokkit launcha? 
577	boardgames	 In Settlers of Catan, I sometimes try to ask people if they want to trade a certain resource, tricking them into revealing the approximate amount of that resource in everyone's hand. After this I play the monopoly card. This has on some occasions not been received very well. Is this fair play? 
578	boardgames	 Well, its not illegal. It is... a bit underhanded. I'd change the way I played with you, but I wouldn't house rule it away or anything. 
579	boardgames	 Yes, it's lame :P. But at my table you wouldn't be reprimanded, but expect future trade to get a little more difficult. This is an awesome way to get the rest to gang up on you. 
580	boardgames	 Building an inexpensive blue deck means concentrating on one of the strategies it does well at common, which could mean "mill" (causing your opponent to draw out his or her deck), cheap flyers, card drawing, or creature denial (cards like Unsummon or Sleep). These strategies tend to dovetail nicely with merfolk. Merfolk themselves have a "strategy," as there are many cards that give bonuses to other merfolk you control, or allow you to tap them for various effects. These "fish" decks are playable in many different formats. A preconstructed blue/white Merfolk deck was released in 2008; they're still fairly easy to find. 
581	boardgames	 You are allowed 1 heavy weapon per 10 Orks, but you can choose which one it is - a Big Shoota (BS) or Rokkit Launcha (RL). They don't all have to be the same type. In other words, with 30 Orks, the maximum heavy weapons you are allowed to have are either: 
582	boardgames	 It really depends how it's done, when done with a glimpse in the eye after you have proclaimed how you have loads of resource x, it can actually be quite fun. The whole trading in Settlers is used for much more than simply getting resources. While you do it, you learn about what resources players have and that can be used to form better tactics concerning road/village building, when you're in a race against another player. You should be aware about this when talking about trades as you don't really want to reveal too much about what you have in your hand. Getting the monopoly card played on you isn't the biggest danger. 
583	boardgames	 I personally bought an old 1960 Mille Bornes game on eBay. I wanted the old game for sentimental reasons, but I wasn't willing to pay too much for it. When I was shopping for those, there were some at around $20.00 USD, but with patience I found one for $12.60 USD including shipping. While I was happy to find one, this is not an outstanding value for this particular game. So, yes there is always demand for these games; I personally think eBay is a good place to evaluate the values of those. But you will only get a good price if you are patient and/or lucky. Is it worth the hassle? It depends of how you evaluate the whole process of selling them. But I would personally pack them in the basement and wait for the next garage sale. 
584	boardgames	 I have 1830, 1870, 1856 and 1833. Of them, I think 1830 is the most suitable for new players. It contains the basics of the game: Private companies Track building Route optimization Company management Stock manipulations If you want a simpler game, you can ignore the private companies. Lower the starting money a bit if you like. I have played with and without privates and it seems to make no significant changes to the game. If the stock market is too confusing, you can ignore that too. Just have one company per player. It's possibly wise to reduce the number of trains, else you never get rid of those 2 trains. Most players run away from these, so no need to get a more complex game. All 18xx have their own focus. I like 1856, because you can get away with mismanagement and get rewarded in the end (just like in real life). 
585	boardgames	 That's not as bad as actually trading all of one of your resources away for other things, and then using "Monopoly" to get it all back. I've seen people play that way before. Underhanded, yes. Illegal, no. The problem with playing this way is that it can really poison the friendly feel of the game. I had a player who used this tactic, as well as other aggressive ones like extorting good trades from people by threatening them with the robber. When someone plays like that regularly, the best way to deal with it is for others to gang up on them, which then leads to arguments about people being out to get them, and grudges held between games. It wound up being so bad that I stopped playing Settlers if this other player was going to be there. As far as just using trade offers to find out what people have, that's not nearly so bad. Heck, you don't even need to do that; you can keep track of what resources everyone has. The only way someone might get resources that you don't know about are with the robber, but that leaves the same set of resources on the table, just in a different person's hand. So, you shouldn't even have to do this; just keep better track of what resources people earn and what they spend. If you can't remember, just try and think back for what the last few numbers rolled were, and what the last few things they built; you should be able to work out pretty well what they have a lot of. If you offer trades to people, and then just grab the resources with "Monopoly" instead, they'll think that's cheap and feel burned; you've gotten their hopes up for a trade, and then dashed them by stealing resources. If you just keep track of what resources they have, and then seem to "magically" guess the right ones, they'll be disappointed that they lost the resources, but impressed that you managed to get so lucky with your "guess." How would you rather people feel about you? 
586	boardgames	 The Games section of the well respected Miller's Antiques &amp; Collectables Price Guide might be a good place to start. 
587	boardgames	 If you look at who wants a game on BoardGameGeek, you can get an idea if there is any demand for the game. (It's under the statistics section on BoardGameGeek.) Unfortunately, for any item in a market, it's hard to know if people are actually buying that item. While I haven't done it for board games, I've followed eBay auctions with active bids to see what they close at. It can be difficult to see if an item will sell, without trying to sell it. I'm skeptical of price guides for antiques cause just cause people say something will sell for X, doesn't meany anyone will pay that for it. You could always donate them to a something like the Salvation Army or Goodwill if you'd just like to have them find new homes. I'm not sure it costs money to put things up in the BoardGameGeek marketplace, but you could list them on their instead to see if they're interesting to general gamers. 
588	boardgames	 I noticed that Hasbro released a new version of Clue last year named Clue: Discover the Secrets . Do you need to use a different strategy in this game, or is it similar to the earlier Clue games? I've played both the original Clue and its Master Detective variation. I want to know because I was thinking of getting it, but wanted to know if it was different enough from the original to warrant a purchase. 
589	boardgames	 In our group we have the same problem. Usually we urge everybody to think ahead . So when it's your turn you don't have to think of everything at that time. That usually works pretty well. Of course things can change during the other person's turn, but in most games, thinking ahead and keeping everyone's attention on the game definitely will speed things up. Another problem we sometimes have is that someone constantly has to look stuff up because he is not 100% sure of the rules. Playing a certain game on a regular basis will solve that problem though. 
590	boardgames	 Character changes, mostly now its a teen approach: Kasandra Scarlet, Jack Mustard, Diane White, Jacob Green, Eleanor Peacock, Victor Plum. Starting spaces have changed. The House is now complete with Spa and Observatory inhabited by the Hollywood elite such as the bat wielding ex-football player and software billionaire fond of dumbbells. Rooms are: Hall, Guest House, Dining Room, Kitchen, Patio, Spa, Theater, Living Room, Observatory. Characters have special powers. I.e., Kasandra Scarlet can once a game look at a card that one player has just shown another player. Intrigue cards offer new rules. And there are some slight other changes in rules. Purists hate it. My kids think its fun. 
591	boardgames	 Tonight I'll be playing Power Grid for the second time with my game group. It's the second time for all of us. What key strategy or tactic should I focus on to give me the best chance of winning? 
593	boardgames	 I'm not sure if this would qualify as a party game, but Pit starts to work well at 3-4 players and works up to at least 10 players. You might need to use different cards than the original, though, which does not always have support for very many players (depending on the edition). What I have done with great success is take three decks of regular playing cards and use as many numbers as there are players, with nine cards of each number (necessarily selecting across all three decks). 
594	boardgames	 There really isn't a set strategy here, but a number of tips I've found useful from playing Power Grid, and I hope they can help you, too: Look at what everyone is buying -- if you're playing 3rd in a 5 player game, and the first two players bought coal plants, consider going with a different fuel source, as coal could get expensive quickly if everyone is buying it. Pay attention to how quickly fuel sources will replenish at the end of the turn as well. If you are first to buy resources, consider buying the maximum amount. It may cost you a little extra to buy them, but anyone else needing those resources is going to have to pay that much more. Feel free to put the squeeze on people this way. Don't overpay for Enrvironmental plants -- the environmental plants (the wind plants) are definitely a good buy, and everyone knows that. If you get lucky and can buy one at the end of the round for face value, go for it. If the #37 shows up and it gets bid up to $60 or $70 quickly, think very hard about how much you'll be saving if you buy it. They're good, but don't overpay for them. Beware the East coast -- there are lots of cheap connections in the East coast, which is great for expanding quickly, but if you buy lots of houses quickly, you'll be in first position, which means you'll be going last lots of the time. Also, with cheap connections, people might crowd around you and block you in, meaning you may have to expand two or three hubs away, and pay some steep connection costs. I personally like moving into the East coast during phase 2. Nuclear plants are great later on -- early on, nuclear fuel is very expensive. Within a few turns, however, the fuel can get down to $7 or $8 for a single piece. Compared to how much coal and oil may end up costing, nuclear plants are good for mid- to -late game. Time when you buy cities -- sometimes there may be a good plant on the table coming up, and you want first shot at it. If everyone else is buying cities, consider staying at a lesser amount of cities so you have a better chance at going first. Don't buy plants for the sake of buying plants -- If a good plant comes up, feel free to bid on it, but don't feel like you have to bid every turn. Try to buy as few plants as possible. Have a long-term strategy -- if the game will end when someone has built their 14th house, figure out what combination of plants will best get you to 14, such as a 4/4/6 setup, 4/5/5 setup, 3/5/6 setup, whatever. There are some fantastic plants mid-game that you can use for the rest of the game. If I think of anything else, I'll add them here. 
598	boardgames	 The first thing I alway do is search for them on Ebay and see how things are going. If there's a few auctions there then follow them to see how they end. 
599	boardgames	 Try to minimize the number of plants you buy. Aim to end up with enough plants to power the endgame # of houses Don't buy more than one four plant unless it's great deal Look carefully at the resource costs and double buy if it looks like a resource is in demand A simple strategy is to alternate being first and being last Don't think that $1 doesn't matter Don't always take the cheapest cities, sometimes you need to block others Place your first houses where the connections are cheap Try to bid up other power plants, carefully Hide your money, don't let others make accurate calculations 
600	boardgames	 I've seen people get upset over less underhanded Monopoly grabs, but I wouldn't expect the bad feeling to linger excessively. As an example, I made a legitimate trade request for a resource I knew an opponent had (it had been recently rolled), but was rejected. I responded with the Monopoly card, even though it netted only one of the resource, because I really needed it that turn. The other players were much more wary of my trade requests for the rest of the game; one even asked what would happen if they refused. 
602	boardgames	 I love Diplomacy. The alliances, intrigue, negotiation, backstabbing, and the relatively simple mechanics that help emphasize the diplomatic aspect over the game mechanics. However, it can be hard to find a group of people to play it with; not everyone likes such a cutthroat game, it requires 7 players (I hear you can do it with fewer, but that it's not as good), and it takes up a whole day to play. Are there any good games that have a similar diplomatic and negotiation focus, but which play quicker, require fewer players or are more flexible in player number? A game will be a good fit if the diplomatic aspect of alliances, backstabbing, and the like is a substantial or the majority of the game, with less emphasis on individual strategy, tactics, and luck. 
603	boardgames	 I've played both regular Settlers of Catan and the Seafarers of Catan Expansion, but I haven't yet played Cities &amp; Knights and I’m curious about how it plays. I've noticed a lot of people speak very favorably of Cities &amp; Knights, some even claim it’s the only way to play Catan. I've read about how the game works, but I'm skeptical about the changes made in the expansion. How does the expansion improve gameplay in Catan? 
604	boardgames	 Junta In Junta you play leaders of a Banana republic. Each turn the elected El Presidente hands out various offices and announces the budget for the year and who will be receiving how much. He doesn't reveal how much he's keeping for himself though :) If anyone is unhappy with their allocation they can arrange a coup, marshal their forces and try to unseat El Presidente. If they don't wish to go with the open war route, they can try to assassinate any other player by guessing their location from among the 5 allowed each turn. Assassinations are only a temporary inconvenience as your brother/uncle/cousin will be happy to take over the family business :) The goal of the game is to get as much cash as you can into your swiss bank account. The only way to put money into it is to go to the bank, and survive the inevitable assassination attempts. The game will take upwards of 2 hours, but a shorter game can easily be done by not using the full money deck. It is a lighthearted game, but full of diplomacy, bluffing, and backstabbing. On turns without a coup (probably every other turn) there is no significant use of the board. 
605	boardgames	 The whole knight/barbarian system makes up for some interesting scenarios, in that you can both gain victory points or cause other players to loose their cities. Knights can be used in a variety of ways instead of just moving the thief. You can destroy other knights by forcing them to move when they can't you can block the roads, to prevent the longest road achievement, etc, which gives some nice strategy options. I really like the new resource system, where you can focus on advancing or building using cities. There are more ways to achieve victory points and "steal" victory points, which enables more strategies and games often end quite close. All in all, there are just many more possibilities which makes gameplay much more unique from each game. I can highly recommend that you try it. I have a hard time playing the original version, with this expansion available. 
606	boardgames	 The best advice I can offer is don't buy a city unless you can fire it up This is especially important in the early game, when turn order hinges on a single city. If you do, then all you are doing is sacrificing turn order. Even if it makes no difference because you have the highest value plant, it may make a difference next turn. When bartering for a power plant, consider a few things how much will you save in terms of raw materials by having this plant even if you are the only person buying garbage, coal, oil etc, how long is that really likely to last how much is it worth to your opponents Try to think as long term as you can with all of your decisions. If you base your decisions on the current status, it will change within a round or two and your decision may quickly look unwise. Green powerplants I rarely have found these to be worth it. At cost price they can be, but often they are a hindrance and quickly replaced anyway. It of course depends on how much other resources are costing, but do not overbid as it will cost you in the long term. 
607	boardgames	 I remember playing a game with my parents when I was a kid (in the mid 1990s) where you played either as the crew on a ship being invaded by multiplying aliens or as the aliens themselves. The board was a series of rooms on the ship with the crew-members and weapons strewn all over the place. The part I remember most was that weapons had a random effect (picked from a pile), so you never knew if they would damage the aliens or cause them to multiply until you used one. The goal of the crew was to escape the ship, and obviously for the aliens it was to kill the crew. Does anyone know the game I'm talking about, or have I got my games mixed up? 
608	boardgames	 The Awful Green Things From Outer Space by Steve Jackson Games 
609	boardgames	 Origins of World War I I've played this as described in Sid Sackson's Gamut of Games. I think it might be less negotiation than you're looking for, but one of the key mechanics is forming an alliance before the end of the game. You basically have to balance whether you think you are better off ganging up with another player to tackle the current leader. Apparently, there's a print-and-play version you can download from Board Game Geek, and there was a published version called Origins of World War II. 
610	boardgames	 Switch published as High Hand This is very light. Build poker hands from a tableau of cards, but there is an alliance/partnership mechanic in it. It was designed by Robert Abbott, known for inventing Eleusis and Epaminondas. 
611	boardgames	 If the Engine Room is used during Roslin's turn, would either Crisis Card she chooses automatically have a jump icon, or just the first one drawn? 
612	boardgames	 If a Cylon leader is infiltrating and still on New Caprica when Galactica jumps away, do they count as a "human character left on New Caprica", thus triggering their execution? This could be relevant for the agenda cards: Join the Colonials and Show Their True Nature. 
613	boardgames	 In Betrayal at House on the Hill , someone becomes a traitor part of the way through the game. The traitor gets a secret agenda, but the group of remaining players gets a related counter agenda. Each side is unaware of what the other side is trying to accomplish. 
614	boardgames	 Dominion Minion (iOS Only) Similar to iDominion - was the first Dominion related app on the App Store. Enable/Disable Expansions Blacklist Change ordering - cost, alphabetical, by set Can only show Alchemy cards if at least 3-5 Alchemy cards 
615	boardgames	 What are the chances of any particular player being able to go out in the first round of rummy? For two players the hand size is 7. For all other numbers the hand size is 5. Going out requires a that a card is drawn, and that all but one card is played, and the last card is discarded. 
616	boardgames	 In Chess what is the Queens or Kings Indian, and why might it be useful? 
617	boardgames	 I'm a big fan of Puerto Rico . But one thing that bugs me a little bit in my (5 player) games is how stable the first round is, with regards to role choices. It (almost) always goes: Settler Builder Mayor Craftsman Captain The rationale is pretty straightforward: A quarry will be manned by round 2*, since Mayor will almost certain be chosen Guaranteed to have highest purchasing power, and all buildings are available Guaranteed to have an unmanned building (with a chance of a first round indigo) Practically guaranteed to have a manned corn, and no other player can produce 2 goods No-one can ship for more than 2 victory points Every now and then we'll get crazy and swap the order on Builder and Settler. My question is, are there any significantly different first round role orders that are just as viable? *Which is great efficiency for a quarry. 
618	boardgames	 At a high level, an "Indian" in Chess is just advancing the pawn which is in front of a knight by one square. King or Queen indicates which side the advanced pawn is on. This move will usually be followed by the fianchetto of the bishop nearest the pawn. This puts the bishop in front of the knight and allows him to control one of the long diagonals on the board from a safe location. Two common openings using this are: The King's Indian Attack , usually done in response to the French defense. A famous example is from 1967. Bobby Fisher against Lhamsuren Myagmarsuren. The Queen's Indian Defense starts like this 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nf3 b6 
619	boardgames	 What are some good general guidelines for strategies when playing Agricola? I know it will depend on the exact games, but are there any typical dos and/do nots? John 
620	boardgames	 Does anyone know of any online (or iPhone, iPad, PC, Xbox, PS2, or PS3 for that matter!) versions of Agricola - or know if any are in the works? 
621	boardgames	 play-agricola.com 14 playable boards, images directly from the game. All expansions, and the site owners appear to have a hot line to the designer. 
622	boardgames	 As the available actions change based on the number of players, I'll say up front that this advice is primarily for the 4p game. Also, these are general guidelines. There are exceptions for everything! Don't play too many occupations! No more than 3 before the first harvest. 2 is probably better. Reed/Stone/Food is the best square in the game. Stone is very scarce, reed isn't common. Try to be the first person to build, and to get Family Growth 4p has more food available than 3p and 5p. It is OK to take a few chances with food in 4p Don't fence before the first harvest. Ideally you want to play 2 fence actions in the game Do your best to take advantage of everything your cards allow. Try to get an improvement after Family Growth, Renovation and getting starting player. Good Major improvements to shoot for are the Well and the first Fireplace. When in doubt buy a major, they are good VPs Pay attention to any cards that award bonuses at the end of the game. Make sure you get yours, and try to steal an opponents if possible (Reeve, Church Warden, House Steward) Work towards a food engine that noone else is using Don't overvalue renovating. If you have to spend 3 actions to gather materials and another to renovate, it isn't worth it. 
624	boardgames	 Pat Ludwig has mentioned some good ideas. In my opinion, the four most important things are: Decide and work towards your food strategy early. You need a solid plan to get food. This is the foundation that gives you the breathing space to do everything else. The first couple of turns feel relaxed, because it's ages before the first harvest. Don't let that fool you! Time constricts sharply in later turns, and what you do here can make or break your later game. Getting something planted by first harvest is usually a good idea. Don't obsess over Occupations. Most of them will theoretically help you. However you probably can't easily play more than 3 without impacting other areas. Come up with a straightforward plan (also considering your Minors), and then prioritise ruthlessly. Have a baby as soon as possible. Extra family members are the key to getting lots done. Be flexible. The best strategy depends heavily on what the other players decide to do. If everyone else is grabbing animals, prioritise farming. If lots of wood is available, consider a building spree. Sometimes the Occupation square is occupied for long enough to render your plan worthless. Move on. Most people have a preferred play style. But the key to winning is to realise that you often won't be able to play the game according to your desires. 
625	boardgames	 It depends on the people you're playing with and the tone of the game you're in. I play with two groups: my family (wife and two teenage boys); and a group of long-time friends. I think this tactic has been used in both groups, and everybody acts shocked but takes it in the spirit of the game. I think a good rule of thumb is 'will this change how they play the game with me in the future (this game and future games)?' or 'will this affect whether they play the game with me in the future?' If it makes them more wary of you, and more cut-throat themselves, then that's fair enough - you've made a tactical decision, upped the ante a bit, and maybe made it more difficult to get information and trades from them. If it makes them less likely to want to play with you in the future, then you've overstepped the mark - don't do it again. 
626	boardgames	 Just from looking at the rules and cards... Engine Room specifically refers to the next card drawn , not played. Thus Roslin choose between two cards, but the first one drawn would now have a jump icon on it. I can't find an errata/ruling about that particular interaction. 
628	boardgames	 I doubt there's a significantly different first round order. Certainly at the beginning there are very few options that are of use. We often see a prospector in fourth and fifth, the rational being: If the fourth player produces then the fifth player may take prospector (or trader in the unlikely event they managed to get a small market). A player on corn wants to save up for a more profitable good. So in short the five player first round sequences that we tend to see are: [Settler/Builder], [Builder/Settler], Mayor, [Craftsman/Prospector], [Captain/Craftsman/Prospector/Trader]. 
629	boardgames	 I often describe Cities and Knights as "the version of Catan where every limitation has a way around it." You can only hold seven cards… unless you build these walls. You only get cards when your numbers roll… unless you have an aqueduct. Etc. Cities and Knights takes Catan and adds a layer of interesting shortcuts, passthroughs, special cases and escape hatches on top. There's slightly more to learn, but it's still a simple game. But the increase in complexity is outweighed by the vast increase in interesting mechanics between players and events in the gameworld. 
630	boardgames	 I cannot imagine why you ask this. But anyways, with the rules you just put it's easy to calculate. (Though I have not played with the last card discarded rule.) You can win from the start with either Three+Straight or 7 Straight or Three+Poker. Now we just add the probabilities. Assuming you play with 4 jokers Using the Hypergeometric distribution you get. There are 1,420'494,075 hands... in combinatoric that's C(56, 8). You can take 8 from 56 cards no matter in what order you take them. One Set (three of a kind) and a Poker requires (C(4, 3) * C(4, 4) * C(4, 0)^12)/C(56, 7). However we have to consider jokers. In the case of 1 in the set, 2, 3, the full set is wildcards, 1 in the poker, 2, 3, the full poker is wild card, plus combinations, 1 and 1, 1, and 2, 2 and 1, 2 and 2, 3 and 1, 1 and 3. We add all of these scenarios. We should avoid counting twice any scenario... Simple (or 0 jokers in set, 0 in poker): (C(4, 3) * C(4, 4) * C(4, 0)^12) / C(56, 8) 1, 0: (C(4, 2) * C(4, 4) * C(4, 0)^11 * C(4, 1)) / C(56, 8) 2, 0: (C(4, 1) * C(4, 4) * C(4, 0)^11 * C(4, 2)) / C(56, 8) --Ignorable 3, 0: (C(4, 3) * C(4, 4) * C(4, 0)^12) / C(56, 8) --Ignorable 3, 1: (C(4, 3) * C(4, 3) * C(4, 0)^11 * C(4, 1)) / C(56, 8) 3, 2: Not possible, only 4 jokers 2, 2: (C(4, 1) * C(4, 2) * C(4, 0)^11 * C(4, 4)) / C(56, 8) --Ignorable 1, 3: (C(4, 2) * C(4, 1) * C(4, 0)^11 * C(4, 4)) / C(56, 8) --Ignorable 0, 4: (C(4, 3) * C(4, 4) * C(4, 0)^12) / C(56, 8) --Ignorable Notice that #4 &amp; #9 are the same as #1. So we can ignore them and count #1 thrice. #2, #3, #7, #8 are the same in different order; let's ignore but #2 and count it 4 times. C(N, 0) is equal to 1. There's only one way to not take things from N available, right? Same with C(N, N) 3 * C(4, 3) / C(56, 8) 4 * (C(4, 2) * C(4, 1)) / C(56, 8) (C(4, 3)^2 * C(4, 1)) / C(56, 8) C(4,3) = C(4, 1) = 4. Taking one or not taking one out of 4 has 4 variants. That's 3*4 + 4*6*4 + 4^3 = 4*(3+24+16) = 4*(3+40) = 172. There you have it to win with a Set and a Poker you 172 hands out of C(56,8)... 1.2108463036003863655679098837494271139427315105133402... × 10^-7 For a 7 Straight flush the calculation is the following. The first card is unimportant. However the second one, there's only one that works. And so on. That's (D equals the number of cards in the deck and N the number of cards in the straight): However that is only true if the straight had to show up exactly in the order. So we have to multiply times all the ways those N cards could be ordered. That's N! If you play a bit with the factors you can get this: Or Anyway that's, ignoring the jokers for now: I have yet to figure a good model for straight flushes with wildcards. But I'm guessing the final answer will be about 1 in a million. I will edit this as soon as I get more info... 
631	boardgames	 I play Mahjong with friends every now and then, using a set of rules that we sort of invented along the way: we knew the basics, but had no internet connection for one summer and played with what made the most sense. Now, we'd like to settle on established rules, but there are so many of them... I'd like to have rules that are: stable (no changing every year like American Mahjong) uses a 14-tiles hand, 4 winds, 3 dragons, flowers and seasons, no jokers scoring doesn't have to be zero-sum operation (we don't play money) 
632	boardgames	 I've worked out an approximation based on a seven card hand with a standard deck. I leave it as an exercise to do the same calculations for a five card hand :-) I think there are four ways of winning the hand: 4 of a kind and 3 of a kind 4 of a kind and 3 straight 3 of a kind and 4 straight 4 straight and 3 straight (this includes a 7 straight hand) In my approximation I have overcounted the number of winning hands by assuming the 8th card could be any card. This makes calculations a lot easier, but counts some hands more than once (e.g. two 4 of a kinds). 4 of a kind, 3 of a kind There are 13 4oKs, and then 48 3oKs for each 4oK. The remaining card is one of 45 left. 4 of a kind, 3 straight There are 13 4oKs and then at least 32 straights for each 4oK (some have more). Counting them all gives 440 posibilities. The remaining card is one of 45 cards. 3 of a kind, 4 straight For each 3oK there is an untouched suit with 10 straights in it. The other three suits have different numbers of straights depending on the rank of the 3oK. Counting them gives 769, and the last card is again one of 45. 4 straight, 3 straight If the straights are in different suits then there are 1320 combinations. If they are in the same suit then there are 184 combinations. The last card is again one of 45 cards. There are 52C8 possible hands which works out as 752,538,150 possibilities. So finally a slight overestimate on the probability is: 
633	boardgames	 Many games have a rectangular grid, some even use hexagonal but it's quite rare to see triangles. I have heard the argument that hexagons confuse players. Is that true? Is there any evidence to suggest it? My inner game designer thinks that hexagonal games have more choices. So a casual player might be paralyzed by so many options compared with what he "knows as normal". So a 'hardcore' player will love it, again for the extra choices. If that's true, and not just a rationalization I made up, then will a triangular board feel constricted to both demographics? Is that line of reasoning sound? Is there something I'm missing? 
634	boardgames	 Humans tend to think on the rectangular grid. We've built our cities on the rectangular grid, and the primary coordinate system is on the rectangular grid. As a result, people don't know how to work with other systems very well. 
636	boardgames	 Quo Vadis? Players seek to move their policians through a set of committees and eventually to sit on the Roman Senate. To move politicians forward from each committee to the next requires a majority of members in the committee to approve it. Players make deals with each other in a "I'll vote for you here if you vote for me there" kind of way. The points are scored by collecting chips along the way to the senate, and the winner is the player with the most points when the senate is filled. I haven't played the game for quite a while now, and don't own it, but I'm going to be looking out for a copy now I've remembered it! For an 'at a glance' overview of several Board Game Geek reviews: 
637	boardgames	 I am looking for examples of good social games, the kind that can be played at parties where rather than using stuff like dice most of the play is done through social interaction One example of the sort of thing I mean is "Werewolves" or "Villagers and Werewolves". In that game everyone assumes the roles within a village with some people being the werewolves. There are a number of rounds in which the group try to reason among themselves about who the werewolves are, the interest of course supplied by the fact that the werewolves are present trying to hijack the discussion. The game made excellent by of the nuances introduced by the roles and the restrained cooperative aspects. Anyone know anything similar or a place where I can find games like this? 
639	boardgames	 The card game "Split" or "Speed" scales very well with slight modifications. Be creative about the arrangement of the shared cards and add more decks of cards and players to your hearts content. The only limiting factor is arranging the shared cards such that everyone can reach them. 
640	boardgames	 It sounds like you may be interested in Pervasive games. If so the best place I know of is the Ludocity wiki page: Some of these are street games, but many can be played in a single room with a relatively low number of players. As well as rules and printable resources, many of the games feature detailed game session reports giving advise on how to get the most out of each game. 
641	boardgames	 It seems likely that I may be involved in a game of Monopoly soon. I'm not a big fan of Monopoly for a number of reasons, one of which is that part way through the game someone will reveal that they assumed we were playing with a house rule that no one else has heard of. Obviously the most straightforward way to deal with this is to collectively read through the rule book before the start of the game. In practice this is going to be very unpopular, and will add a significant amount of time to an already long game. What house rules have you encountered and what set makes for a better more well rounded game? 
642	boardgames	 I don't understand your complaint -- you don't want to read the rules before playing a game? If you're worried about time spent reading the rules, everyone can download the rules from Hasbro here and read it any time before coming over and playing (the rules say "Deluxe Edition", but there's no difference in the rules). We really can't tell you what house rules you should play with; before playing, simply ask everyone if there are any house rules they want to play with, and agree on those. If someone forgets to bring something up, or assumed it was a rule, that's too bad. Whoever is hosting should have final say, hence the term "house" rules. The only house rule I have ever seen is putting money paid for Community, Chance or Luxury Taxes put into the middle of the board, and whoever lands on Free Parking gets it. I'm not really a fan of that. 
643	boardgames	 I've played scrabble with different groups of people and their rules on first turns vary a lot. The rules I've seen used are: Double score for first turn ( Scrabble rules confirms this and is the first thing a scrabble player learns) The word's middle letters have to be dead-center. ("JUG"'s "U" must be in the middle of the board) You can only play a word horizontally. (Never seen this in writing but noticed that I haven't seen anyone play vertically either.) Which of these are official? 
644	boardgames	 Like you said, the center tile counts as a Double Word Score tile, so whoever plays first gets double the points. That is an official rule. The second and third rules mentioned are house rules, and are not supported in the Scrabble rules. The second rule would prevent you from hitting one of the adjacent Double Letter Score spaces, as even a 7 letter word wouldn't be long enough to reach it, since they are 5 spaces away. Even the most recent Scrabble Tournament rules clearly indicate that the first word played must simply cover the center tile, and be spelled top-to-bottom or left-to-right. 
647	boardgames	 Apples to Apples is a great party game, and able to handle large crowds. When I play with my friends, they're very vocal and do a lot of lobbying for the cards as they come up. We also get some really good laughs out of the game. Edit The fun in Apples to Apples is in the totally random cards people play. This is a game that encourages people to talk and socialize as a group. Each round a new player is the judge, and the judge chooses a green card at random. Let's say "Disturbing" is the green card for this example. Then all the other players will submit one red card to see which is the most disturbing card. Some of the cards are going to be a close match, and others won't be. From a set or cards like "Whoopi Goldberg", "Chain Saws", and "The Midwest", one card has to be chosen as the winner. It is this random, bizarre combination of cards that provides the laughs and enjoyment of playing apples to apples. There are no right or wrong answers in Apples to Apples. When I play with my friends, we usually comment and lobby for cards as they're read out loud. The judge for a round is always the final arbiter though. Disclaimer: I by no means consider Whoopi Goldberg to be disturbing. Although I did once win a game of Apples to Apples because she was Fuzzier then all the other cards submitted. 
648	boardgames	 While the free parking rule mentioned by LittleBobbyTables is quite common, there are a lot of other house rules people use in Monopoly. I know we never used the auction rule when we've played Monopoly, and that keeps property available much longer, since when someone lands on a parcel, it isn't necessarily sold. Wikipedia has a great list of house rules people use More house rules you can use If your looking for a shorter game, try out some of the rules that help shorten the game. My second link has a the original rules for a short game that can help alleviate some of the boredom of longer Monopoly games. 
649	boardgames	 Hopefully this isn't too long and rambling, but I'm writing this kind of "stream of consciousness" style... Triangular pieces would have lower surface area touching the board, which would make them somewhat more unstable unless they were shorter in height. I.e. easier to knock over. Shorter pieces may be more difficult to manipulate, since you have fewer free sides. Think of a Scrabble board - you can extract almost any piece without significantly affecting the pieces around it. This could be mitigated by providing a nub or grip sticking up from the piece to be grasped. As McKay mentioned, we tend to think in squares. Up, down, left and right are simple to grasp. How do you describe directions or positions on a triangular board? Perhaps not as big of an issue, but manufacturing - particularly at the prototype level - would require additional expertise. Just about anybody can easily cut square pieces, but equilateral triangles would require more effort to make. Games played on a hexagonal board are typically because of the increased freedom of movement. Triangles would actually constrain movement even more tightly than squares. So a triangular board may work best for "tile"-like games that don't require much movement of pieces once they are placed. What happens when you bump the board? On a square (or hexagonal) board, there are always two faces parallel to one another, so the pieces will slide in a straight line. Triangular pieces will push their way to one side or the other from the axis of movement. 
650	boardgames	 Whenever we played, we used the following house rules: No auctions. You have to land on a property to buy it. Free parking jackpot. Any taxes, payments from chance or community chest, or payments to get out of jail get put in the middle of the board. Anyone who lands on free parking gets it. That's the way I played it with everyone growing up. I also played it once or twice with some people who played the same way, but added in the "landing on GO gives you 2x the money" rule. That didn't change the balance of the game too much. You should make sure to bring up these rules, and others, and make sure that all house rules have been discussed before you begin. If someone brings up a house rule halfway through the game, it's unfair, and shouldn't be allowed. Everyone should know the rules of the game before you start, and it's the homeowner or game owner's responsibility to know exactly which house rules are being used and fill everyone in before the game starts. 
651	boardgames	 I've tried playing two-player Settlers, where each player controls one set of pieces, and each time a player builds they need to play a piece of the same type for one of the two uncontrolled colors (so there are two non-player nations in play). What I would like to add to this is for the uncontrolled nations to have resource cards and some mechanic for them to allow trading with the players in the game. Are there any two-player rules that support this? 
653	boardgames	 While I've never tried it out, there is a variant set of rules here that uses the white player as a neutral third party. It looks a little interesting, but the rules in the link only allow the neutral player to build roads, and nothing else. Building roads for the neutral player is determined by highest dice roll. It does allow for trading with the neutral player using a special trading chart. The chart may or may not need to be tweaked to your liking. 
654	boardgames	 A hexagonal grid and a triangular grid are duals of each other; that is, if you put a dot in the center of each hexagon, and connect them to each adjacent one, then you get a triangular grid: Thus, playing on the vertices of a triangular grid is equivalent to playing in the spaces on a hexagonal grid, and likewise playing on the vertices of a hexagonal grid is equivalent to playing in the spaces on a triangular grid. An example of this is the game Hex , so named because of the hexagonal grid it is played on; however, you can also play it on a triangular grid by playing it like Go, on the vertices instead of the spaces. One of the big difference between playing (in the spaces) on a hexagonal grid and a triangular grid is that in a hexagonal grid, each space is connected to six spaces around it; in a triangular grid, each space is connected to only three. This can significantly limit the number of options, if for instance you are only allowed to move to adjacent spaces, or only are allowed to make connections to adjacent spaces. A square grid gives you four connections, or eight if you can move or connect diagonally. A hexagonal grid gives you six. In many game designs, only have three moves or connections available is likely to be fairly limiting, though it may be possible to do something interesting with that. There are games played with triangular grids. One example that comes to mind is Blokus Trigon . This is an interesting case, as each piece consists of triangles joined by their edges, but you join your pieces together by their corners, with the restriction that each piece must touch another of the same color on a corner but not on an edge. In the traditional square version of Blokus, this means that only two of the pieces which touch at a given intersection may be the same color; while in the triangular version, you have 6 spaces around each intersection, and thus can fit three pieces of the same color in. In this way, it manages to take advantage of both the triangular and hexagonal properties of the triangular grid. Another example of using triangular and hexagonal boards is attempting to play Go on both. Xah Lee has some notes on how that works . As Go is played on the intersections, not in the spaces, each piece connects to only three others on the hexagonal board, and thus each piece has only three liberties, while on the triangular board, each space connects to six others. In the hexagonal version, only three spaces means that each piece is very vulnerable to capture; the game is very unstable. In the triangular version, each piece has lots of liberties, and is quite hard to capture. It sounds like for Go, 4 connections really is the ideal balance for just enough risk to have good tactical battles, while enough stability to be able to form live groups and be able to think more about strategy. In summary, triangular grids are used occasionally, but I believe that in many cases they provide too few options or connections to provide interesting strategic play. However, if you're interested in designing games, perhaps you should take that as a design challenge; try to design a game that takes good advantages of the limited number of options a triangular grid gives you. Image credits Dual of hexagonal grid by Antal S-Z of StackOverflow . Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 2.5 Hex board by Tiltec of Wikimedia Commons . Released into the public domain. Go-style hex board by Twixter of HexWiki . Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 3.0 . Blokus Trigon by Gangster 1930 of BoardGameGeek . Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share-Alike 3.0 . 
655	boardgames	 There is a two player option developed Nick Barko where players can only trade with the bank and played on a smaller board . You remove 2 roads, 1 settlement and 1 city from each player. You also reduce the size the development card deck by removing a few cards. There are six ports on the map in this variant, encouraging players to build ports. Trading in Catan helps both players involved in a deal get the resources they need. Players who refuse to trade with the other players on the board often don't do as well I've noticed. Thus, each deal two players work out, can bring them closer to victory over the other players. With just two players, this effect is lost since they only have each other to trade with. If you use a proxy player, it's doesn't really act as a party with it's own self interest since it's controlled by the two other players. 
656	boardgames	 Spear of Longinus text: If you're a Hunter and your attack is successful, you may reveal your identity. If you do, or if you are already revealed, you give 2 points of extra damage. If a revealed, non-Hunter has the spear do they inflict the extra damage? I think the intent of the card was probably to only benefit Hunters, but it could be read as any revealed character using the spear gives the extra damage. But, only Hunters would get the ability to reveal their identity on a successful attack. 
657	boardgames	 The way I read it, "If you're a Hunter" applies to the entire rules paragraph. Therefore, you could re-read it as: If you're a Hunter and your attack is successful, you may reveal your identity. If you're a Hunter and you do, or if you are already revealed, you give 2 points of extra damage." I could certainly see the argument, though, that two sentences are two completely separate, and so that any revealed non-Hunter could do 2 points of extra damage as well. I believe the intent is for Hunters only, but it isn't very clear. 
658	boardgames	 If Bob attacks a character equipped with the Holy Robe and rolls a 2 for damage, can Bob's special ability be immediately triggered? Or, does the Holy Robe reduce the damage Bob would inflict before Bob can choose to activate his special ability? Bob's special ability: If you inflict 2 or more damage to a character, you may take an Equipment card of your choice from that character instead of giving them damage. Holy Robe's ext: Your attacks do 1 less damage and the amount of damage you receive from attacks is reduced by 1 point. 
659	boardgames	 I would say no, Bob's special ability does not trigger. Bob's ability requires you to inflict 2 or more damage, and while you may roll 2 damage, you only inflict 1 point of damage. 
660	boardgames	 A Game of Thrones It is based on a novel and has a bunch of expansions. Not sure if it is that much simpler though. It has more other mechanics than diplomacy, but the supporting and backstabbing part is a bit simpler. I've played it once now and it was quite fun. It 'only' took a few hours, even though it was the first time. Also the fact that not everything is executed in parallel makes it a bit easier to understand. However, the fundamental part where you promise to your ally to do certain things and then it later turned out you did the exact opposite is still very much there. E.g. you agree to support someone's attack, put a command counter on a province and later it turns out that you didn't support him. 
661	boardgames	 I enjoy very much playing Quatro , as I find that the small board, small set of pieces and symmetry. However, I am at loss in playing the beginning of the game anyway other than randomly. Because the pieces placed are neither yours nor the opponent's, thinking in terms of "occupying the central ground" make no sense. Do you have any strategies? 
662	boardgames	 Excellent question: I play it a lot, often with the same people (my wife, family, friends). It's one of the few games for two that I really enjoy. To answer your question, maybe we haven't fully explored the possible strategies, but we find that the game is quite biased in favour of the Inspector. Other people who have played with us seem to agree. Also, I discovered while browsing the web that there are extensions (referred to here , for example) that make the game more balanced. On a related note, while Jack sometimes win, I have only once seen him win by escaping (and that was because of a terrible mistake made by the Inspector). All the other times I've seen Jack win, it was by reaching the last turn, or by the inspector accusing someone at random because time was short anyway. 
666	boardgames	 Battlestar Galactica with the Pegasus expansion supports 3-7 players, and works well anywhere in that range. This is one of my all-time favorite games. It's a cooperative game using a traitor mechanic. 
667	boardgames	 Struggle of Empires is a good game that supports 2-7, though I think you need at least 4. 
668	boardgames	 Citadels (the later editions, or first edition plus expansions) supports 2-8. Once people get the hang of it, it goes pretty quickly. An 8-player game typically takes around an hour. 
669	boardgames	 The rules for the Royal Supplier state: The owner of an occupied Royal Supplier can supply the Royal Warehouse (the supply) with a number of goods from his windrose equal to the number of nobles on his island and take 1 VP for each. NOTE: Such supplied goods must all be of different kinds (no duplicates). Regardless of other buildings or abilities, the player may gain no additional bonuses from supplying these goods to the royal warehouse. Now, we've got two things going on here - "goods equal to the number of nobles on his island" and "must all be of different kinds". Assuming that "island" means game board (as answered here ), how do you resolve this if you have more nobles than distinct goods? And do you have to send all or nothing? For example: Scenario 1: I have 6 nobles on my island. There are 2 corn, 1 indigo, 2 sugar, 3 tobacco and 1 coffee on my windrose. I clearly can't supply 6 barrels of goods, because there are only 5 distinct types in the game. Do I send 5 distinct barrels to the royal supply in this case? Scenario 2: I have 2 nobles on my island, There are 2 corn, 1 indigo and 1 sugar on my windrose. If I choose to use the Royal Supplier, can I only ship 1 good to the royal supply, or do I have to supply 2 distinct barrels, since I have 2 nobles? 
670	boardgames	 In the "Play" phase of Cribbage (31's), what is the optimal leading card to play. I have always played a 4 if I had one, because it can't be fifteened and is less likely to result in a run, because an opponent is unlikely to play a 5 or a 6. It is also not as useful as 1s, 2s or 3s at the later part of the Play when it gets close to 31. However, I fear that this tactic is becoming too predictable, and my fellow players will know that my hand lacks a 4 if I have not played it immediately as a Leading card. What other cards are optimal leading cards. 
671	boardgames	 During this haunt, the adventures collect clue tokens. According to the haunts special rules, the clues can be Traded, like any other item Stolen, like any other item Do they 'drop' in an item pile when the character dies, like other items? The rules seem silent on this issue. 
672	boardgames	 I can find no ruling on this, but there's some precedent to work with. In the first expansion, the Small Wharf: A player may ship different barrels of goods during one of his turns during the captain phase, but he gets only 1 VP for every two barrels he ships. Further clarifications on that building show that a player can ship &lt; 2 goods*, and need not ship all remaining goods. So, I'd reason based on precedent (and in the absence of any other errata) that buildings that modify the captain phase allow the player to choose the selection of goods involved. Thus, Scenario 1: You can send up to 5 goods (1 of each kind) to the royal treasury. Scenario 2: Likewise, you may send up to 2 goods, provided they are different, to the royal treasury. *There's some deviousness to be had in combination with Lighthouse, and effectively trading for 1 doubloon at the end of every Captain. 
673	boardgames	 I don't know that you're going to do much better than random. Clearly, when you are not the first placing player your piece choice doesn't matter. All the pieces are equivalent (the same number of potential matches will remain after play). If you are the first placing player, then there are only 2 distinct opening moves. Placing any of the pieces on: a "corner*" the "inner" pieces are functionally equivalent to outer corners on the first move a "wall" but not a "corner" This is due the board's symmetry, and the lack of piece ownership, coupled with the equivalence of the piece "types." None of these moves deny any potential win condition, clearly. So, the first choice that has any impact on the outcome of the game can't occur until the second piece choice. Here, the first placing player can choose a piece with 3, 2, 1, or no commonalities with one just placed. This means that by the end of the first placing player's turn, there can be only 8 functionally distinct boards. Not a lot to choose from in terms of strategy. In comparison, Chess has 20 at this point and Checkers has 7. A bit less fairly, this analysis suggests that given perfect play the first placing player will always win or force a draw. *I apologize for the paraphrasing but I haven't actually played this game personally, only read about it. 
674	boardgames	 Empires in Arms Could be described as Diplomacy-heavy rather than "lite". It's a classic monster wargame, but it falls into the multi-player competitive category - most big multi-player wargames are in pre-defined teams (e.g. Axis vs Allies in WWII games). EIA is a pretty good grand-strategic simulation of Napoleonic warfare, with a diplomatic system that has formal declarations of war, alliances and peace treaties. You'll probably find there's too much wargame there and not enough diplomacy, but it's a classic for a reason. It's also incredibly long - you'll do well to finish in a full weekend. 
675	boardgames	 Republic of Rome Plays a little quicker than Diplomacy - 4-5 hours which makes it just playable in an evening, rather than needing a full day. The game mechanics are more complex than diplomacy, but most of them are on cards, so you only have to deal with a fairly modest set at a time. If you can arrange for your inexperienced players not to be HRAO for the first turn or two, it's easy enough to learn, and reasonably experienced players hardly ever refer to the rules. Especially if you play the Middle Republic or Late Republic scenario rather than the Early, it's a game all about diplomacy and negotiations between the players as they try to scramble to the top. Early Republic is more about the players as a team trying to defeat the game-system (aka Carthage). 
678	boardgames	 My 'group' is almost always 2 players, here are some of our favorites: As mentioned on the co-op question, my wife and I really enjoy Pandemic. It's quick to setup, quick to play, and co-operative. The Munchkin games are also a lot of fun for two players. They're also really quick to set up, it's not too competitive and the tone of the game makes it a lot of fun. A recent favorite has been Thunderstone, it's a deck building game similar to Dominion (as mentioned in other answers) Through the Ages is a great resource management game, especially if you like the Civilization video games. Finally if you're looking for something a bit more 'hard-core' I'd recommend Arkham Horror. It's tough, and it's brutal but we have a lot of fun with it two-player. 
680	boardgames	 Having spent some time trying to work out probabilities and carrying out some research, I have come up with a few conclusions. Almost NEVER lead with a 5 or a 10. There are 16 cards that value 10 in the pack (30%), so playing a 5 gives a very high probability that the other player will get 2points for 15. Same theory for leading with a 10. Although far fewer 5s are in the pack, these are highly valuable cards and often not sent to the crib. Keep back Aces for the end They come in very useful for getting 31 for 2, and possible doubles or triples. 6s, 7s, 8s, 9s These are strong cards in a hand, so are often quite easy to 15. Leading with a 9 or 6 allows the other player to get a 15 with little worry of a run occurring. 7s and 8s can trick the other player into going for a 15 to gain you a run, but can be followed by another card to make a further run from the other player. This would give the other player 7 points and you 3 points. Not a great return. Deuces and Treys 2s and 3s are what is left. A 2 is probably useful to hold back for the same reason as the Aces, but 2s and 3s are the safest options for leading. So, the answer to vary the leading card (i.e. instead of always playing a 4) is to use a 3, or even possibly a 2. 
681	boardgames	 Our group has determined that buying (almost exclusively) money and points is the way to go. Most kingdom cards are ignored, or are bought very sparingly. This has lead to games feeling 'samey' and has taken a lot of the fun out for us. What strategies should we use to counter " Big Money "? Or are house rules needed here? 
682	boardgames	 There's no rule about it, so I'd say it's fair play. However, it's a social game so if you keep 'crying wolf' then you might find your game-mates less likely to trade with you! 
683	boardgames	 Arkham Horror supports single player play. However, it would probably be more fun to have someone else to co-miserate with! 
684	boardgames	 On occasion, there may be value in playing a card of the same rank as that turned up in the cut, since there's a reduced chance of your opponent being able to pair it. "See one, play one", was how it was usually described. I wouldn't recommend it for a 5, though... 
685	boardgames	 ICM assumes that each player's chance to win, ability being equal or indeterminable, is proportional to his/her stack size. Chances to come in other positions can be calculated conditionally, allowing an assessment for each player of their equity at any point. There's a reasonably good explanation (with some equations) here and a calculator to play with here . 
686	boardgames	 I'm a little surprised that strategy is having so much success. But rather than come up with rule variants, why not simply take advantage of the game's design and choose kingdom cards which hurt that strategy? Try drafting instead of pure randomization. The next time you play try using the Thief, Pirate Ship or Saboteur. If your opponents continue to use the same strategy against those cards, I can almost guarantee you'll win. 
687	boardgames	 It depends on exactly what type of social interaction you're looking for. There is a very broad category of games known as "party games" which loosely meets your definition. Party games tend to favor social interaction over luck and strategy (in many cases, no equipment at all), tend to require less per-player equipment, and tend to be flexible in the number of players they support. Take a look at the linked Wikipedia article for more information, or you can browse the party games category or subdomain on BoardGameGeek. A somewhat older category, that has considerable overlap with party games, are parlour games , so you can look there too. Within the broad category of party games, there are a few subcategories. The one you mention, Werewolf (also known as Mafia) , is known as an "uninformed majority" game, in which some people have information that the rest of the players are trying to figure out, mostly through social means. There's another thread on games with uninformed majority mechanics , though many of them are more traditional board or card games. Other party games in this category include Are You the Traitor? and the How to Host a Murder series of games. Other subcategories of party games include word games, creativity games, and icebreakers, with some overlap between them. Word games tend to involve someone having one or more secret words, and giving clues that other people use to guess the word or definition. Creativity games involve being given some sort of creative prompt (a pair of words, a picture, an object), and doing something creative with them, such as telling a story, drawing a picture, inventing a product, or the like. Icebreakers are games in which people reveal facts about themselves, in order to provide a structure to break the ice and allow people to get to know each other better. In the word games category are games like Contact , in which one player has a word, gives the first letter, and players try and discover the word by giving clues that indicate their guesses, making the player who has the word try to figure out what word they're guessing or give up another letter if they can't. There's also Taboo , in which someone is given a word, and has to get their teammates to guess the word, but has a list of other words that they cannot say while describing it. As both word games and creativity games, there are games like Balderdash or Fictionary in which you pick an obscure word, one person gets the real definition, and a few people make up definitions. The other players have to then figure out which definition is real. There's Charades and Pictionary , in which you get a word or phrase and must describe that to your teammate, in charades by acting it out, in Pictionary by drawing it. Apples to Apples is a very popular party game, which might be considered a word game, in which someone draws a card with an adjective, and everyone must play nouns that closely match that adjective, at least according to the person who is the current judge; due to the limited selection people have to choose from, you get some very amusing juxtapositions in the process. Some other creativity games include The Big Idea from Cheapass Games, in which you get pairs of words such as "electric pants" and must describe that as an invention and get people to invest in it, Why Did The Chicken? by Kory Heath in which you must make up jokes, and Nanofictionary by Looney Labs in which you get cards for Characters, Problems, Settings, and Resolutions, and must combine those into the best tiny story. Then there are the icebreakers. These are games like Two Truths and a Lie, in which each person in turn will tell two truths and one lie, and the other players have to guess which is the truth and which is the lie. There's Never Have I Ever, in which each person says something that they've never done, and everyone who has done it gets a point (or has to drink, as it's commonly played as a drinking game, however it's not necessary to play this way, you can simply keep score instead); if only one person has done the thing in question, they need to tell the story. There are many more such games. A little further afield than what you're looking for, I think, but still involving more social interaction than traditional game mechanics, are negotiation and alliance type games like Diplomacy . I have a question open now looking for "lighter" versions of it , and there are few games that look promising. Another somewhat further category of games, that can be more social interaction based, is roleplaying games ; some creative one-shot roleplaying games can have a lot of the same elements of games like Werewolf, with intrigue, cooperation, and backstabbing. I recall one that a friend ran in which all but one of the players were minions of the dark trying to take over the world, but there were two dark lords, a Satanic type and a Cthulhoid monster, competing with each other, plus all of the minions were competing to be favored by their lord. So everyone had three sets of enemies; the Good, the other Evil team, and the other minions on their own Evil team. It was quite the treacherous game, involving lots of intrigue and social interaction; it turned out that Evil had too much infighting, and Good won. There's an entire other StackExchange for roleplaying games , so check in there if you want to learn more about them. So yes, there are a lot of games that have more social interacting and less traditional board, card, and dice mechanics. I hope I've given a good overview; feel free to ask about a more specific category or game if you want more information. 
688	boardgames	 I don't think you need house rules yet. I suspect that y'all are trying to use too many kindgom cards. You definitely want to limit the number of kindgom cards in any deck. The number of terminal actions needs to be pretty low to have a functional deck. (A terminal action is one which does not give +Actions). To counter a money deck, specifically using the base set, I would consider using these cards if available, along with the number I would use. Cellar (1-2) - Discard VP cards, draw more Chapel (1) - Trash copper in mid to late game to thin your deck Moat (1-2 even if no attacks) - Even without an attack it gives you a replacement card plus one more, helping you to get to 8 gold for that province Bureaucrat(2) - Gain a silver, slow everyone else down, what is not to like? Militia (2-3) - worth 2 coins and hurts your enemies - nice! Moneylender(1) - thin your deck, buy bigger things Smithy(2) - Terminal action, but it replaces itself and brings 2 other cards Spy(2) - Replaces itself and slows down your opponents Thief(2+) - Kills money decks dead. Mine(1) - Helps a money deck out by trashing the copper Witch(2+) - If you are the only player with witches, you should do pretty well Adventurer(1) - Works well late game if you were able to trash some copper. In short - Attacks are always good if nobody else is using them. Just concentrate on a couple kindgom cards and use them to speed up your deck by trashing copper or my making sure you get more cards/actions than you spend using them. 
689	boardgames	 There comes a time in every Dominion group's life where they figure out that Big Money (the strategy you describe) is beating everyone else who is going heavy on action cards. Do not fret - it's most often not actually the best strategy. For example, if everyone else is going Big Money, buying a single Smithy will win a 4-player match about 60% of the time and a 2-player match about 80% of the time (via a trial run of 5000 matches on my simulator program). There is pretty much always a superior strategy to Big Money on the table; you just have to find it. A common mistake is to spend turns buying too many Kingdom cards to have giant crazy combos that don't pan out. Another thing to watch out for is going for a longer game with a fantastically combo-heavy deck, but then by the time your deck is all situated someone else has bought all the Provinces. Even still, combo decks do sometimes work - I have been in some thrilling Village+Bridge decks that beat the pants off Big Money. I haven't been playing around enough with it to know for sure, but it seems that the new expansion Prosperity also lends itself toward Kingdom card strategies winning more often. The reason I feel this way is because Prosperity seems to stretch out the game a big longer such that bigger decks with lots of cool combos can succeed quite well. Generally I like to measure my strategies against Big Money - if it can't reliably beat Big Money, it's not a good strategy. But even still: when in serious doubt, buy a Silver. 
694	boardgames	 Games Workshop is incredibly protective about their IP, so it can be hard to find stuff like this. That said, I found a thread here that tries to collate the list of star players. Here's the list they've compiled: Star Players Axebreaker Jones Asperon Thorn Barik Farblast Dieter Hammerlash Dirty Dan Duke Luthor Von Hawkfire Eldril Sidewinder Ernald Spirtburner Frank N. Stein Garbage Throttlesnot Granite Rivalblade Greaser Geargrinder Griff Oberwald Grimwold Grimbreath Hak Demoncutter Harg Vainkill Hawthorn Tullaris Highelm Lyrpadre Hoshi Komi Hubris Rakarth Ibrahim Golddawn Jacob Von Altdorf Krug Painspear Moravis Curfew Morg'th N'hthrog Odium Khan 'Pick' Seamsunder Pierrot Rainforest Puggy Baconbreath Ramtut III Rasta Tailspike Rip Sorepain Ritter Von Baum Slarga Fourstrike Soaren Hightower Split Tendoncutter Stuka Schmidtt 'Surehanded' Gregor Meissen Tuern Redvenom Urfrik Skillhack Valen Swift Varag Ghoul-chewer Warmglow Vindaloo Wilhelm Chaney Withergrasp Doubledrool Wormhowl Greyscar Ziggi Abschuss Zug Companion Bardin Ironglove Bellow Thunderslam 'Big' Gunn Schonn Bilerot Vomitflesh Borg'th N'hthrog Dolfar Longstride Dorjak Sureclaw Eoarn Harkon Flint Churnblade Galmen Goreblade Gorflem Rot-breath Grak'ng'grak Gorthag Grograt Crunchskull Jordell Freshbreeze Kolath Head-ripper Lewdgrip Whiparm Luarn Proudbow M'gorg'gn'throg Petro D'Arvill Siggi 'The Boot' Schuster Spiky Norman Ugroth 'Ripper' Bolgrot They sure printed a lot -- hope that helps. 
695	boardgames	 One reason why the less natural hexagonal grid is so popular in wargames and other games where the board represents real-world terrain is that it measures distances much closer than the others. All six adjacent hexes are the same distance from the central hex, and the variations even out to four or five hexes are small. Both square and triangular grids have serious problems with unequal distances as a result of the diagonals. If you're measuring the range of a gun by counting hexes then it won't be far off; if you're measuring on a square grid then it will be either 40% further or 30% less far along the diagonal. Variations on a hex grid are in single-digit percentages. With a triangular grid is that you have the unnatural non-square grid without the advantages you get from the hex grid in not having any diagonals and having a more accurate representation of distance. 
697	boardgames	 Another difference between the three grids is the following: for spaces that "touch", a square grid has two different relative positions: sharing an edge or touching diagonally. For hex grids, two spaces that "touch" can only share an edge. For a triangular grid, however, there are three options: Consider the red triangle. It touches each of the three other non-white triangles; but: it shares an edge with the black triangle; it is "opposite" the green triangle (that is, you get the green triangle by mirroring the red triangle in one of it vertices); neither is true for the blue triangle. By looking at the dual hex grid, we can see that the blue triangle is two steps away from the red triangle, whereas the black one is only one step away and the green one is three steps away. Maybe you can use the different relationships that triangles can have to eachother, to your advantage when designing a game, by differentiating among them. In some sense, Settlers of Catan does that in some sense - it uses the triangular grid underlying the hex grid of the tiles for placing the cities and streets on, and streets can clearly only be used to connect "triangles that share an edge". However, cities whose triangles touch share a resource producing hexagon. 
699	boardgames	 Attack Cards, Attack cards, Attack cards. Some of the more useful ones against big money are: Pirate Ship (S), $4 : All other players flip the top two cards of their deck. If any Treasure cards are revealed, trash one of the attacker's choice. Also accrues tokens each turn you successfully attack and destroy at least 1 treasure, which can be used as money instead of attacking. Saboteur (I), $5 : Because the players have to keep flipping cards until they reach a card that costs 3 or more, and the card they get in exchange costs 2 less. Mountebank (P), $5 : Players discards a Curse. If they don't have a Curse in hand, they gain a Curse and Copper. Ambassador (S), $3 : Returning up to two of the same card to Supply. Give all other players a copy of that card. Jester (C), $5 : All other players flip their top card. If they flip a Victory card, they gain a Curse. For any other type of card, you choose whether you get a copy of that card or if they gain a copy of that card. Less useful, but still might work: Thief (B), $4 : Steal their money. Noble Brigand (H), $4 : Steal their Silvers or Golds. If they didn't flip any money, they gain a Copper. Also, +$1. Ghost Ship (S), $5 : All other players discard down to 3 cards. The discarded cards go on top of their deck. Also, +3 cards. Militia (B), $4 : All other players discard down to 3 cards. Also, +$2. Goons (P), $6 : All other players discard down to 3 cards. In addition, +$2, +1 Buy, and +1 Victory Token for each card you buy this turn. Torturer (I), $5 - All other players discard 2 cards or gain a Curse. …Any attack that gives players Curse cards. Expansion key used above: (B) - Base (I) - Intrigue (S) - Seaside (A) - Alchemy (P) - Prosperity (C) - Cornucopia (H) - Hinterlands 
700	boardgames	 When I play Settlers of Catan with my family we sometimes allow bribing of the person placing the robber to not place it in a particular spot. Does anyone else play this way and if so do you find this a net benefit to the game? Clarification: This is a house rule and we realize it is not part of the normal rules. The question is more to determine whether anyone else plays this way or not. 
702	boardgames	 According to the rules of Catan, players can't trade unless they're both exchanging resources. Thus, it's not legal for one player to pay a bribe to keep the knight from being placed on their tiles. If you can come to a gentleman's agreement about placing the robber that's fine, but I've never played it with people using it to extort resources from other players. I imagine playing like that would be rather unfun if you had to pay protection money to the other players. Plus, if you have to give up a resource to keep the robber away, you're still being robbed. Your tiles just aren't blocked. Edit - How this could affect play You are strengthening the robber mechanic in the game and changing the game balance. If each player is willing to give up one or two resources to keep the robber away, this can be huge boost to the person placing the robber. You're also encouraging people to buy more development cards so they can place the robber more often by playing knights. Following that logic, wood and brick could become much less valuable resources to collect since they can be demanded from the other players, and don't directly let you buy knights. This could shift how people choose settlements in the game and encourage all players to try push this mechanic ahead. It would also punish those not willing to pay bribes by being the target of the robber. It's certainly one way to play the game and depending who you're playing will determine how it plays. This can also reduce the effectiveness of using the robber to hold back the leader from getting further ahead. I personally can see this producing more tension among players, and don't think I would enjoy this rule change myself. 
705	boardgames	 Maybe it can be a good addition, but beware of the chance to backfire. If you are known to bribe easily, you are a prime first target for the robber. A better solution would be to place the robber where it hinders the front runner the most. It's almost the only mechanism to hinder (not stop) the leader in the game. 
706	boardgames	 If you have two human players (A &amp; B) and a neutral player X played by A &amp; B. The solution is easy. If A wants to trade with X, let B handle the trading. 
707	boardgames	 Now and again I play the The New Dungeon (with people who don't normally play board games), but I'm always struck by how fast the game is over. It seems like you're barely getting started on the higher levels before someone's off back to the staircase with a winning bagful of loot. Does anyone have any simple custom rules for lengthening the game, or even to make it more interesting? 
708	boardgames	 Some rules not mentioned: give other players a cake (preferably self baked) if caught cheating. don't pay rent to a owner that is in jail. Edit Ok, the three times a double roll lands you in jail rule is from the original rules. It was always presented as a counter measure for a player with a lucky roll. 
709	boardgames	 Wow, I was just looking at this game again the other day, too funny. While I haven't played in a few years, I do remember our group has used one (or both) of he following rules to make things play longer: Increase by 50% or 100% (depending on how long you want the game to play) the amount of loot necessary to win the game. Require that in addition to collecting enough loot, you must have collected at least one piece of treasure from each floor, or from a specified number of floors. 
710	boardgames	 It shouldn't be possible to bribe players during the placing of the thief, but anyways goes after the thief has been placed. I have seen bribes being made in some of the games I've played, but what I've seen a lot more is threats. It could a player holding a lot of evolution cards, promising, the prompt return of the thief if it's placed on certain spots, or more loose threats that they will return the favor should they roll a 7. Of cause there is also the usual persuading of where the best spot really is. So in short, a lot can happen during the placement of the thief, but it's really only talks, sometimes backed by actions later, be it knights, resources or a vengeance. 
711	boardgames	 What other kinds of games are like Hero Quest...? In that, what other games are around with a degree of character development (although not the depth of something like D&amp;D), items etc, that actually takes place on a board...? I'm not chasing something like Munchkin Quest, as your character does not carry over from session to session. 
712	boardgames	 There has been a D&amp;D board game . 
713	boardgames	 I think of the greatest of this kind is Descent: Journeys in the Dark especially with Road to Legend expansion which makes carrying over your characters between sessions slightly easier. 
714	boardgames	 LittleBobbyTales is correct about the tournament rules. Beyond what he has said, (in tournament rules) if the first player for one reason or another accidentally does not make their first play across the center tile and then hits their clock (signaling the end of their turn), the second player has the option to point this out and make the first player remove the play and play again or accept the play. If the play stands, the first play is not doubled, but it is scored according to whatever premium squares that it covers. The second player may then play across the center star, earning a double word score. In this sense, the center star is exactly like a Double Word Score square. This does actually happen occasionally in tournaments, sometimes leading to a rare "triple-double," where the second player plays an 8 letter word from the Triple Word Score on the edge of the board to the center star, through the first word, garnering a six times word score. It should also be pointed out that it is often good Scrabble strategy to play the first word off-centered from the center star (i.e. contrary to the second bullet point). Tournament Scrabble players specifically study 5-letter words with high point tiles at the beginning or the end in order to play them with the high point tile on the Double Letter Score five squares away from the center star. Also, it is good technique to avoid putting vowels next to the Double Letter Score squares in the rows above and below the center star row (or to the left and right, if the word is played vertically). This avoids the danger of having the second player make a parallel play with a high point letter on the Double Letter Score , garnering four times the value of that letter. Finally, a number of tournament players play their first word vertically, but the majority don't. It makes no difference, particularly in a casual game, since the board is symmetric, but some tournament players do it to throw their opponent off of their rhythm. 
717	boardgames	 I have played this and it absolutely degrades the fun factor of the game. You end up getting everyone paying off to not get robbed. The person who will pay the least gets the robber. We had the person rolling the seven getting huge amounts of resources. It really disrupted the flow of the game. NOTE: we did not change the rules to allow this. It was done as an agreement that was payed at a legal trading time. One fun aspect is that, because it was not part of the rules, you could renege on your "payoff" commitment. (Though this meant you were a sure target the next time around.) While there was some fun elements (and gave us a few really fun games), I would absolutely not recommend it for more that variation in a game or two. 
718	boardgames	 This is the most EVIL play in the game. It is legal though. Just very very EVIL . So EVIL that many people get mad when you do it. It is very frowned on at my table. If you do it most players will not even acknowledge your trade attempts in the future. 
721	boardgames	 I've been playing Lord of the Rings Risk, in the variant where the Ring moves one territory per turn, requiring a roll of 4 or higher to leave certain territories, and the game ends when the Ring reaches Mt. Doom and is destroyed. At the game's end, victory points are allotted for: Territories owned Complete regions (="continents") controlled Strongholds owned Adventure cards played throughout the game The problem is that once the Ring reaches Mt. Doom, the next player to go has a strong incentive to abandon strategic position and defensibility and just expand as much as he possibly can in order to maximize his points. If the Ring isn't destroyed, then the next player to go does the same thing. If this happens several times, the endgame has a tendency to become a series of ridiculous expansions and contractions that obliterates whatever strategic shape the board had beforehand. What house rules have others used to avoid these problems? 
722	boardgames	 In Descent each character has a number of dice representing their skill with melee, ranged, or magic. There are also dice added for their weapons. Can a character attack without a weapon? Are there any special rules for this? 
725	boardgames	 In Descent there are various cursed items, which we always played as bind on pickup? Is this the case? Can you wield any other weapon while you have a cursed item? How do you work around this completely making useless a character that gets an item it can't use well (a mage with a two handed sword). 
726	boardgames	 Although I agree with the ways @lilserf listed to make it less difficult for the saboteurs to win, the game is intended to be difficult for the saboteur team. From my experience, the saboteurs shouldn't be able to win any more than a third of the time. It is because of the difficulty that if the saboteurs win, each saboteur gets 3 gold. A win by the good dwarves may result in one or more receiving three gold but it is likely that only 1 or 2 gold will be handed out to each since the gold cards are drawn randomly for good dwarves. This alone has been sufficient to keep play balanced and fun in my many plays of this game. 
727	boardgames	 I have always considered this fair game (with the bribe always being just a promise to pay off, which could be reneged on), just like you can offer a bribe (technically, I guess, a trade of zero resources for some nonzero number of resources) if another player is willing to not build a road in a direction that would impede you. As I understand them, the official rules do not forbid this, since all you are doing is just talking to other players and then performing some actions that are legal within the game. In fact, I don't even see how you could write house rules that forbid this type of shenanigans, short of restricting the communication between players. (A more determined house rules writer could try to restrict this behaviour by specifically stating that both parties have to trade a nonzero number of resources whenever a trade takes place. An attack against that would be to propose "I'll trade you one wood plus two bricks for one wood if you put the robber there". You could counter that by requiring that there is no overlap in resources between the two batches of resources offered by the parties. Then still, you can promise "I'll trade you three bricks for a wood and then I'll trade you one wood for one brick, if you put the robber there", or just offer a single very good trade. I don't think you could shut it down completely.) Possibly as a consequence, I've never enjoyed Catan as much as many other games. 
728	boardgames	 Since all weapons and skills etc. are essentially adding dice to your standard black dice, I would say you'd use only the black dice (or die) you have as standard for that type of attack. Of course such an attack would be absolutely pants in comparison to a normal attack (1/3 chance of doing 1 damage with no surge conversion), but then so would fists in comparison to an actual weapon; I doubt you could judo throw a dragon. I suppose this would presume ranged attacks would use bits of rock/rubble from nearby (or spit given the effectiveness), and magical attacks would be using the mage's own innate skill (or just meaningful frowning). 
729	boardgames	 If you make someone play Possession during a turn in which you Possessed them, that will make that player Possess the player to his left, rather than you getting to Possess anyone further. Dominion: Alchemy Official Rules, Kingdom Card Descriptions booklet, page 3. (In other words, this one is literally in the rulebook) And before you ask, this affects Outpost the same way; the deck owner plays the Outpost hand, I just didn't quote that part. 
730	boardgames	 As pointed out in a previous question's answer , you may be forced to play an Outpost or Possession while you are possessing someone else's hand, despite the deck's owner getting to play the Outpost/Possession hand and not you. However, Outpost creates an ambiguity. Outpost's rules say to play another hand immediately after this one. However, due to the Possession, the player's normal turn has not yet taken place. Does the player take their normal turn next or the Outpost turn next? 
731	boardgames	 Trumpet includes three "trumpet" cards without a suit that always trump any other card. However, the rules aren't particularly clear on whether they are truly "wild" in the sense that they could count as a card of any suit. In particular, if you have another card of the suit that has been led, are you allowed to play a trumpet card instead? 
732	boardgames	 In most games with a trump suit, you must follow with a card of the suit that has been led, unless you are void in that suit (have no cards of that suit), at which point you may play a trump card. Given that, I would assume the rules in Trumpet are the same, and you cannot play a Trumpet unless you're void in the suit led. This thread on BoardGameGeek agrees, so I'd say it's fairly common to play by that rule, even if the original rules are unclear. 
734	boardgames	 The turn Outpost is referring to is "this one", the Possession turn. Outpost doesn't really care what turn it was played on. So during the clean-up phase of the Possession turn, the possessed player will draw 3 cards instead of 5, and immediately take their Outpost turn. At the end of the Outpost turn, the originally possessed player will draw 5 cards as normal. Turn order then returns to where we were before the Possession was played, so it's now the possessed player's turn (finally!) and they take a normal turn. So your opinion is correct. 
735	boardgames	 Dice games work well. We used to play Greed at the bar back in college. 
736	boardgames	 If you've got a little bit of table space, Saboteur would work. 
737	boardgames	 I don't recall there being any rules for auto-equipping cursed items; you can elect to use it if you want to, but you don't have to. You get a curse token for equipping a cursed item, and while you can remove the cursed item as normal, you do not lose the curse token for un-equipping the item (so if you re-equip it later, you get another curse token). In your example, if the mage can simply choose not to equip the weapon. Now, Dark Relics , on the other hand, must be equipped when found, and the only normal way to remove them is to die. Fun fun... 
739	boardgames	 One significant difference that leads me to prefer Descent over DOOM is Ammo. In DOOM, Ammo is "full of fail". Ammo scarcity is a thematic element that happens to be implemented in an abstract way that is often flat out not fun. The breadth of characters and skill and item combinations make Descent really come to life compared to the relatively lackluster variety in DOOM. The surge mechanism in Descent is really novel and can give you a lot of interesting tactical options in battles. DOOM has no analogue. 
741	boardgames	 In the game of Hive, envision the following sequence of turns to start the game: White plays Beetle Black plays Queen White moves Beetle on top of Queen At this point, Black cannot lay any pieces, since every potential spot on the Hive touches White, and Black's only played piece (the Queen) cannot move since it is covered by the Beetle. I know the rules say that if one side cannot move, then the other player continues to play until the game ends or until there is a legal move for both players. Is this just a degenerate version of that scenario, and White wins in a ridiculously fast manner by placing all of its pieces around the Beetle/Queen stack? 
742	boardgames	 Hive is a great abstract game for two players. The goal of the game is to completely surround your opponent's Queen Bee. There are several different types of pieces; each is a bug of some sort, and each has unique rules governing how it moves around the board. This game is very quick to teach, it's fast to play, and there is a world of depth to the game. It's a good game for a couple to learn together, as they'll get to discover the best strategies and tactics as they play - each game evolves a bit based on what the players learned in the last game. 
745	boardgames	 The rules say you can't move any pieces until you've played the queen. I don't know, it may still be possible to have no legal moves, but the scenario you gave isn't legal. 
746	boardgames	 There's a great book called Super Party Games that describes a bunch of games that can be played by groups of 10 or more. I generated a set of puzzles for one of the games described in the book. Each player is given a sheet of paper that they tie to their forehead where they can't see it. On each sheet of paper are three letters, and you have to arrange yourselves to spell out a secret quote without telling anybody what letters are on their heads. You can download the puzzles and print out one of the puzzles for your group size. There are currently puzzles from 4 to 95 people, although I've never tried it with a group larger than 13. 
748	boardgames	 Ron Hale-Evans mused about creating a benchmark game that could be ported to many different game systems as a design exercise. Do you think that would be a useful tool, and can you suggest a game that would be simple enough and flexible enough to fit in many game systems, such as piecepack , Stonehenge , Icehouse , standard playing cards, or even Decktet ? I think the benefit of the exercise would be that someone could compare several game systems by seeing how their differing components were used to implement similar mechanics. Porting Games Porting a game to a game system means to take an existing game and modify its rules so that it can be played with a multi-purpose game system. Some examples of game systems are piecepack , Stonehenge , and the others I mentioned above. Some games are trivial to port, such as Nim. (It just involves piles of objects and removing objects from one pile at a time.) But many games are quite a challenge, and can require elegance to bring the essence of the game without all the original equipment. You can see some examples of porting games to the piecepack in the Good Portsmanship contest , and further discussion of porting games in the contest announcement . 
749	boardgames	 My first thought is that games are too delicate to be ported between many systems. I almost regard successful ports as accidental - the game just happened to fit both systems reasonably well. You might argue that a poem is equally delicate, yet Hofstadter and friends made many translations of the same French poem in Le Ton beau de Marot. However, I think the comparison is unfair because natural languages have so many more options than a typical game system. That being said, I'm still up to experiment. Nim seems too simple and dry; it wouldn't use any interesting features of each system. Eleusis seems too different from most games to be helpful. Mancala? The sowing mechanic seems flexible enough to fit in many different environments. Am I being too abstract? It seems like trying to port a theme as well as the mechanics just makes it even harder. 
750	boardgames	 Zendo is an Icehouse game which can be ported to different game systems; none of the fundamental rules refer to any sort of specific pieces, you just need pieces that can be combined together into structures such that there can be some rule that distinguishes two classes of structures built out of the pieces; or if you're familiar with Zendo terminology, you need to be able to build koans out of the pieces, and come up with a rule that distinguishes which koans have the Buddha nature. I've played Zendo with playing cards before (rules can be things like "a koan has the buddha nature if the red cards add up to 10"), and it could just as well be played with Piecepack ("a koan has the buddha nature if it has at least one sun square and one moon coin"), or likely could be adapted to most any game system. The nice thing about porting Zendo to other game systems is that the rules you make up will adapt to the attributes of the game system in question; the mechanics don't rely on things you could do with any pieces whatsoever, like count them or put them in piles. For some other game systems than Icehouse, it might help to have more than one copy, as you need to be able to use identical pieces in different koans to test out theories. An Icehouse set is almost ideally suited, as you have 5 copies of every piece, with just enough attributes different between the pieces (4 colors, 3 sizes, a few different orientations you can place them in, a few ways to stack them) that rules are relatively easy to judge and not too hard to guess; but you can use pretty much any game system you want. 
752	boardgames	 I find that when considering house rules, its best to think about why something is happening and attack the cause of the behavior. The root problem as I see it, is that once the ring is one die roll away from destruction the game has a 50% chance of ending before the current player can lose any newly acquired gains. Conversely, any reserves not spent that turn are increasingly unlikely to be used productively for each additional player in the game. Consider adding one last "round" of play after the ring would be destroyed at Mt. Doom. Essentially, when the player who "destroyed" the ring finishes his next turn the game ends. By adding an extra round, you remove the random element of the game ending, allowing everyone to plan ahead and try and defend their territory rationally. 
753	boardgames	 San Juan is a admittedly a game with a good deal of luck involved. However the luck element seems to be emphasised when we play, as some of the cards seem significantly better than other cards of the same value. For example, given the choice we would always pick a smithy over an archive, a poor house over a crane or a prefecture over a carpenter. Does anyone know or have experience of a variant that attempts to balance the cost-to-quality ratio of the buildings? Or is our perception wrong - are the buildings priced appropriately? 
756	boardgames	 Mia is a traditional bar or travel game. All you need is something to count points with, two dice and a opaque cup. Daifugō is another suitable game. Nothing more than a deck of cards is required to play. Scopa requires a 4 color 40 card deck and some way to count points. Also many other traditional trick taking games are suitable for pubs or bars as they require little space to be played on. 
757	boardgames	 Bohnanza is a very fun multiplayer trading game. It's a bit more fun if you understand the German word plays on the cards but that's far from necessary. The core game is for 3-5 players and there are numerous expansions that add new twists or simply additional cards for more players. The basic idea is that you grow beans. Every card is a bean of a particular sort. You and only grow two sorts of beans at a time and you have to plant your beans in the order you receive them. So in order to turn a profit you need to plan ahead and trade well. It's a very social game that involves a lot of haggling. 
758	boardgames	 Ahh Pandemic. There's quite a bit of luck involved. Hitting back to back pandemics can screw you over even in a 4 epidemic game... Since we got the hang of it we've never lost a 5 epidemic game. So we've been thinking about tackling the 6th card. A big factor in the game are the roles you get. Some combinations just aren't that useful while other simply rock. My suggestion would be to choose your roles and see what combinations suit you most and then try with one of those... 
759	boardgames	 One tiny note to add to the more than sufficient existing answers: When using circular pieces (or pieces with a circular base) a hexagonal board is a more efficient use of space. Hexagons are the shape with the largest number of sides (hence being closer to a circle) that tessalate. Hence a triangular grid board with the same number of spaces would have to be larger than its hexagonal equivilent to accomodate the same size circular pieces. 
760	boardgames	 Have you played with the San Juan expansion buildings from the Treasure Chest set? While I agree that there are some cards that are simply better than others, the expansion tries to fix this. For example, is a 3-cost building that gives you a discount of 6 instead of 3 if you overbuild it with a , which might make the crane more enticing. The allows you to score points extra points for each set of 3 buildings with the same building cost. This could convince you to build some of the less-desired buildings to get the bonus. And personally, I like the -- I've had a few games where I bought a ton of purple buildings, and was able to refill my hand quickly. It could have been a few lucky draws, but the Carpenter is at least decent in my opinion. 
761	boardgames	 We always play with a quick start house rule: In the beginning of the game we shuffle all the properties and everyone draws one. They have to pay for it but have an asset from the get go. We sometimes exclude the most expensive and the cheapest properties from the draw. We never once played with the auction rule. Oh, and ever since that last time where my father got his mother to essentially give him all her properties for a bit of money I'm insisting on the No favors for friends, families or significant others rule. 
762	boardgames	 Before buying a board game, I would like to read some detailed reviews. It's also hard to tell if the review is just a paid announcement from the publisher. Is there any website that is " the reference " for those? 
763	boardgames	 BoardGameGeek has lots of user reviews and ratings of board games. It's a little hard to navigate sometimes, but there's a lot of valuable information there. 
766	boardgames	 BoardGameGeek can be a great resource, but it can be a bit hard to figure out where everything is. First, you can search for games by name, if you know what game you're looking for. Or you can use the "Browse" feature to find games by category or mechanic. Once you've found a game, you find yourself on a page that's stuffed full of information , somewhat haphazardly laid out. At the top, there is the name of the game, a picture, and some basic information on number of players, suggested age range, and so on. This can be useful to determine if it will work well for your group. You then see a description of the game, followed by some places it might be for sale, followed by some additional information. Keep on looking as you go down, you eventually come to the Forums. Click on the "Reviews" link, and you will see a list of all of the reviews for that game. Look through these; they tend to be fairly detailed, explaining the mechanics of the game and how they work. That's not all that BGG has to offer, though. If you keep looking further down the page, you come to the Statistics section. This is where statistics about people's ratings and the game's ranking are collected. One of the links is to "Personal comments." This will give you a list of many short comments that people have made on the games, organized by their rating. I find this invaluable for getting a quick feel of why some people liked the game, and some didn't; I usually try to check out a few of the comments with a 10 rating, a few with a 7 rating, and a few with lower ratings, to get a sense of how different people see the game. Only a few people leave long, detailed reviews, but there are usually hundreds of people who leave comments. 
767	boardgames	 I submitted this question to Fantasy Flight support. Here's the response: For the purposes of using the Engine Room during Roslin's turn, whichever card Roslin chooses to resolve is treated as "the next Crisis Card drawn." Hope that clears things up. 
768	boardgames	 La Resistance! This is a great Werewolf/Mafia game that runs without a moderator, and even works for 5 players! It's tense, tactical, emotionally draining, and best of all, everyone plays right up until the end of the game, no-one gets eliminated during play. The one drawback is that is becomes a little luck-based as the number of players reaches 8 and beyond, so at that point, we tend to switch back to Werewolf. 
769	boardgames	 I recently had fun playing The Merchant of Venus 2 player, after not having played it for a few years. 
774	boardgames	 I've only just discovered Carcassonne (thanks to the iPhone app), but I keep losing (in 3-player games). Which standard strategies are there? (game without extensions, 3-4 players). One strategy per answer please. 
775	boardgames	 Some people consider tactics and strategy to be distinct (as they apply to boardgames), while I regard them both as "structured methods and plans to win". Are they distinct? And what are the differences? (I'm aware of the difference between tactics and strategy in the military). 
776	boardgames	 Nostra City is nice, I played it once a few weeks ago. The story is that the mafia godfather is arrested and faces enough charges to spend the rest of his life in prison. He makes clear to his men that when they manage to save him from prison, he will retire and the one who did most to save him will take his place. The players are his lieutenants and try to bribe or threaten witnesses, judges and so on in order to get him found unguilty. Plus, they have to collect victory points (called "respect" in this game). But some of the players are FBI agents (when I recall it correctly from the one game I played, there were two of them in a five player game). Unlike in Battlestar Galactica, roles are not assigned at the start of the game. Instead, there is a deck of cards where every player draws from in each round anyway, and the "You are an FBI agent" cards are somewhere in there. So at the beginning of the game all players are on the same side, but during the game some of the players will secretly change sides and become FBI agents. In the end, the winner is declared like this: If the Godfather is not guilty, the FBI agents have lost and the lieutenant with the most respect (victory points) is the winner If the Godfather is found guilty, the lieutenants have lost and the FBI agent with the most respect is the winner 
777	boardgames	 You didn't specify if you want complex or light games. If light games are okay, I'd recommend Ave Caesar . It's a light chariot-racing game. There's nearly no downtime (every player has three movement cards with values between 1 and 6 in his hand and must choose one, move his pawn and that's it), and there's interaction because the race track has narrow places where you can block your opponents. It's really light, but with 6 players, it's fun (the box says 3 to 6 players, but IMO it's not that good with less players) 
778	boardgames	 My strategy for Carcassonne has always been to build reasonably big cities. It means that other players are not scoring as many points by farming, as there are fewer cities, plus big cities are very rewarding. I do try to finish cities with a reasonable time left to play however, to ensure other players don't disrupt the building, which can result in limited scoring. I found a very good write up of my strategy, quoted below. Build Big and Complete : In general, it's a solid strategy to build and complete as many large structures as you can. Building up your segments fast and effectively, by avoiding time wasting tile placements that don't immediately benefit or protect your segments, is essential to both putting a healthy dose of points on the board and also to reclaiming your meeples in a timely manner. Of course, too much of a good thing may turn out to be detrimental to your success. Be careful not to get too ambitious when it comes to gargantuan constructions since you will eventually have to complete these monsters to gain the lions share of the points. If someone comes along and plays a tile that will prevent you from completing your work of art, or you simply run out of time and tiles, you'll score the minimum points with the end-of-game scoring rules. Additionally, your poor meeple(s) will be stranded in the segment the entire time it's being built as well. Being reasonable and knowing when it's time to cap off the segment will help you avoid the dangers of greedily (and unwisely) going wild with your building plans. 
779	boardgames	 Even if the two games I first thought of are already mentioned in other answers: Nearly every cooperative game is ideal for single play, because you can just play two or more players without having to make any rule changes. (The two that I play alone are Pandemic and Arkham Horror, both already mentioned.) The only exception is of course when the game is cooperative, but every player has his own information and is not allowed to share it with others. I consider that rather strange for a cooperative game (and didn't like the idea), but I played one where this was the case, Witch of Salem . 
780	boardgames	 Tactics in a board game usually refer to short-term optimizations to get a better local position in the game. Strategy refers to your long-term plans, for combining the results of many shorter term interactions into a winning game. Some games have only tactical considerations, or an emphasis on them, while some games are more amenable to long-range planning. In the game of Go , for instance, you may study tactical issues such as life and death (whether you can save or kill a particular enclosed group) and tesuji (clever tactics for killing and splitting your opponents stones, or saving or connecting your own), while also important are strategic issue like positional judgement (figuring out in the middle game who is ahead, and where they are ahead), direction of play , and balancing between territory and influence . Effective strategic play must of course be built on solid tactical play, but it can determine who winds up having the advantage in most tactical battles, and who winds up with the most territory even if they lose small battles here and there. The concept can apply to other games as well. Tactics will usually influence how you play best for one or a few turns in a row, while strategy guides what you are doing for the whole game; how you will win. Strategy is about what you are trying to do, and tactics how you are trying to do it. In Settlers of Catan , some strategic options may be going for roads and settlements, to try and get the longest road and a lot of settlements (with just enough cities to allow you to build more), or your strategy may be going with cities and development cards, with just enough settlements to allow you to build the cities you need; or you might have a ports based strategy, in which you try and obtain favorable ports and can thus buy any resources you need. The tactics used to support these strategies may be somewhat different, but they will involve tricks for getting the best trade, blocking your opponent quickly so you can get to the space you need, proper placement of the robber to slow down someone else competing with you. 
781	boardgames	 Not directly what you asked for, but: If your problem is that there are no other people around in person who want to play board games, you could play with other people online. I think the most known site for this is brettspielwelt.de . It's a German site, but you can switch the site language to English, there are lots of international players around and nearly everyone there speaks English. 
782	boardgames	 In general, not a ton of strategy, mostly tactics. Just make sure you're doing the math on the "upside" of every move. How many points will you expect to earn with this move? How much of that will be because your opponents have helped out? (such as when you place a city caddy-cornered and try to join them later) Roughly how many moves are left in the game? That will guide you on how aggressive to be about placing pieces where you need subsequent pieces to complete a city/road/cathedral. When placing a piece where you need another piece next to it to complete it, measure the difficulty of completing that piece. In general, the number of pieces already surrounding that other spot, the harder it is to complete, and cities/roads are slightly harder to connect to than field. By the way, this calculation can also be used to place pieces to make things harder for your opponents. 
783	boardgames	 Put farmers on valuable farms I find that if people are building smaller cities, then it's good to get farmers in early; you can monopolize the farms, and make a lot of points at the end. You need to be careful with this approach, as having your meeples locked up in farms means you can't use them later when you need them, but if there's a valuable enough farm to be had, then take it before someone else does. 
784	boardgames	 Is there a viable strategy in Saint Petersburg that involves focusing on buildings (blue cards) while buying at most, say, one or two aristocrats (orange cards)? Please clarify whether your analysis is with or without the expansion. 
785	boardgames	 Bear in mind that in wargames, tactics and strategy have exactly the same meaning as they do in the military. In fact, when it comes to tactics, questions you often need to ask in a game are "how does this game implement concentration of force" or "where is a good spot in game terms to keep a reserve" - which can all be strongly affected by things like ZOC rules, and the ability of the enemy to concentrate firepower on stacked units. Strategic considerations may be out of scope of the game, but when you're playing something like World in Flames then, you need to build plans and flex them on the fly. 
786	boardgames	 Page 12 of the rule book says: Many haunts put one or more item tokens in the house, which have special rules for their use. Unless the haunt says otherwise, item tokens can be traded, dropped, or stolen just like item and omen cards. I'm not sure why they felt it necessary to mention that they can be stolen or traded in the haunt, since that would already be the case according the above rule. However, it does not say they cannot be dropped, therefore they can. If they can be dropped, then I would assume they are also dropped when a character dies. 
787	boardgames	 Strand your opponents Meeples When you place a piece, of course try to make it advantageous to yourself. But if you can, place it to hinder your opponent. If he is trying to complete a city and you weren't able to figure out a way to share it, then place a tile next to the potential closing piece. This will limit his options. By slowing down the rate that his meeples return you will gain an advantage. Often times, it is possible to leave an empty space that no tile can be placed in. If your opponent has an unfinished city or road that connects to that empty space then his meeple will not be returning to his hand and will generate a sub-standard score. There are 2 main empty squares that cannot be filled using pieces from only the base set. There is no tile containing 1 road, 1 city, and 2 field sides. There is no tile containing 1 road, 2 city, and 1 field sides. With a little practice it is pretty easy to get this to work against even moderately experienced players. I played a game online recently that followed this general sequence My opponent had a couple pieces towards a city I played a city tile with a meeple to try to encourage sharing the city. He played another city+meeple to defend and was able to connect his 2 before I could share I was able to complete my city while surrounding an empty square, making it unplayable. As a bonus, he also had an unfinished road running into the empty square. My opponent had 3 meeples stranded and it we were only 1/3rd of the way through the game! He stood no chance to win the game at that point. 
788	boardgames	 It's important to note that there's a direct relationship between the near-ubiquitous Free Parking and no-auctions rules and people's perception that Monopoly is a game that takes forever to play. The playing time of Monopoly is a function of how fast people run out of money, which is a function of a) how quickly all the properties get sold and developed and b) how slowly new money enters the game. If you don't auction properties, it takes a lot longer for all the properties to get sold. If you put fines in Free Parking, they come back into the game. You've now turned a 60-90 minute game into one that takes 3-4 hours to play. The next step in this process is getting on boardgamegeek.com and telling everyone how terrible a game Monopoly is. 
789	boardgames	 Sabotage your opponents One element that is a much bigger factor in the iPhone game than in real life is using your tiles to prevent an opponent from completing something they're working on. The iPhone game will show an "X" when no remaining tiles can be played in a given spot, and will show you all the remaining tiles yet unplayed. You can use this to your advantage by placing a piece that will leave an opponent's city, road, or cloister unfinished, or leave a field unable to be connected to another. In the tabletop game this is less common because you generally don't know precisely which tiles are left and you have to do the computation of whether there are any pieces playable in a given spot yourself instead of having the game do it for you. 
790	boardgames	 Strategy is the long term plan. It is how you intend to play your game, such as "the money route", "the resource route", or "the balanced route". It is your plan, its your high level approach to achieving your goal, i.e. winning the game! Tactics are the finer detail. Your tactics are HOW you are going to achieve your strategy. If you are going "the money route", in turn X, what actions are you going to take to maximise the amount of money you get. "Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat." - Sun Tzu 
791	boardgames	 An interesting game that I'm pretty sure no one else will mention is a 1998 German game called Die Seidenstrasse . This is a sort of economic race game in which the players are merchants travelling along the Silk Road. What makes it work so well with six players: On your turn, you can do one of two things: you play a card from your hand to the table in front of you, and apply its effect to you, or you play a card on the table on front of you, and apply its effect on another player. You can't play a card from your hand if you already have three cards on the table, so after the game gets under way, half the time you're compelled to move someone else on your turn. Also, you can't just move anyone; you have to move one of the two players who least recently moved. This makes for a game that seems very chaotic, unless people have played it before and know the cards, in which case there's a surprising amount of strategy for a game where all you do on your turn is play a card. 
792	boardgames	 Strategy is a plan. Tactics are the details used to implement that plan. In Puerto Rico , you may have a building strategy, this might lead you to use tactics in the beginning like getting quarries, and buying buildings that will help you make money. A shipping strategy may have you use the tactic of pulling corn when settler comes up. 
793	boardgames	 Many board games have a special deck of cards and over time get worn out. When they start to get worn out, they get "sticky" and difficult to shuffle. Is there a way or a product that can be applied to a deck of cards to make them "slippery" again? 
794	boardgames	 The stickiness of cards is typically just due one of two things, the surface of the card becoming rough or warped due to actual wear, or the build up of oils from contact with the fingers. In the case of oils, which you can tell thats what it is because the cards still have a reflective surface, you can just use a damp rag (not wet) with soap on it, and give it 2 fast light swipes on each side, making sure to hit the corners and dry it off with a paper towel afterward. You can also just take a hair dryer to them, in a spray paint motion where you never stop moving the airflow, then wipe them with a dry paper towel immediately. I don't know of any products to return them to slippery state, but most games you can buy replacement parts for through the manufacturer, right down to individual cards that may have been damaged or destroyed. 
795	boardgames	 What tactics can you use to help determine what your opponent is looking for in two player 10 card Gin? 
796	boardgames	 You need deck sleeves . They should be available at your local game store, or from any number of online suppliers. They are available in various sizes, so be sure to bring a sample card along while shopping (or measure it precisely before hand). Online you can find lower quality sleeves for around 1 cent apiece in bulk. Higher quality sleeves may cost upwards of 10 cents/sleeve. The higher quality will give you a sleeve that shuffles much easier and can optionally have an opaque back. (An opaque back is desirable if some of your cards are marked or bent due to heavy use). Ultra-Pro and Fantasy Flight are two high quality well known manufacturers to ask for if you want somewhere to start. 
797	boardgames	 This question is not about a particular situation in the game, but rather how to study the game in the sense of if I wanted to learn Scrabble, I would spend time focusing on how certain uncommon letters can be used in words of length X or the goals of different strategies. If no one had ever played Risk before, how would we go about learning to evaluate which moves are better for a particular situation? 
798	boardgames	 This is purely off the top of my head, but the following come to mind: Learn the most likely die rolls Look at paths of contact (eg, you can only get to Australia through Siam) Find "choke points" (building off the contact paths) Note that Continent bonuses are in proportion to not only size, but difficulty in holding/winning them Gameplay can be wildly different with two players instead of 3, 4, 5, or 6 ultimately all games devolve into 2 player games, but knowing how to handle the higher number of players is key to surviving long enough to be in the final pairing The Neutral player in a 2 player game can have some interesting consequences when playing strictly because they are not required to be eliminated to win, you might only attack to gain a Risk card depending on how the cards were dealt, they can be used to your (or the other player's) advantage as a buffer to weaken attacks (or strengthen defense), forcing the attacker to expend more armies to defeat the defender Everything else I can think of come with time and practice: like when to attack / when not to attack for example, if your contact territories are heavily defended, but your non-contact territories only have one or two armies, it may be a Bad Idea&trade; to attack from there if the enemy territories are moderately-well defended (ie, they could attack back form multiple directions easily against a weakened contact territory and wipe-out the middle of your holdings) when to hold cards / when to turn them in for example, if you know that your opponent must turn his cards in on his next turn (he has 5, and therefore has a set), but you have the option (perhaps you have a set, but you have four cards, and can therefore wait a turn), it may be worthwhile holding yours till after he turns his in to get the next-higher army value from them in my experience, holding your trades only notably impacts the game early on (before the turn-in exceeds 10 armies) etc And don't forget the psychology of the game, too: Some players "want" Africa and will do [almost] anything to get/keep it (for example) Aggressive vs non-aggressive play styles etc 
800	boardgames	 Between the World Championship Match against Spassky in 1972 and his rematch against Spassky in 1992, Bobby Fischer played no tournament games, not even to defend his title . Are there any published games in existence played by Fischer during this period? 
801	boardgames	 The variant that we've experimented with is to give no victory points for territories owned, only for adventure cards, regions, and strongholds. Most of the point swing comes from the masses of undefended junk territories that you can acquire on your last turn, while getting entire regions and strongholds requires more effort. Strongholds in particular are hard to take and easy to defend, meaning they're less likely to change hands en masse. 
803	boardgames	 Battleship is a ease to setup and play. 
804	boardgames	 Waterworks This game is very fun from 8 to 80 years old. It's like a domino game. 
805	boardgames	 ( abstracted from ) My initial answer for best benchgame was "The Lady or the Tiger?", which is the "benchfic" used by these folks, who inspired the benchgame idea in the first place. They probably use it because (a) it's in the public domain, (b) it's about a highly significant choice in a simple game, and (c) it's a ripping good story: The Frank Richard Stockton story itself: As far as I know, there is no existing "The Lady or the Tiger"-themed game in BoardGameGeek, which is weird, but very good for this project. The field is clear. If we treat LoT as the benchgame, we can retain compatibility with the benchfic project and still have plenty of flexibility for individual style in ports to various game systems, as well as room for more direct ports among them. A port of this story should be non-trivial, more fleshed out than Hello, World, and probably more so than Cloak of Darkness ( ), but still very short, like the story itself. The story is readable and fun, so a board or card game port should be playable and fun. I envision certain versions of LoT -- say for the piecepack -- as a social game, possibly a couples' game. Maybe an iterated Prisoner's Dilemma kind of thing. By the way, I suggested a pan-game-system design competition a while back. https://twitter.com/#!/rwhe/status/27115198293 https://twitter.com/#!/rwhe/status/27158778288 Don had the idea that all games in this contest would have to be ports of "The Lady or the Tiger?". I think that's a great idea. Anyone game? I've run two previous contests, including Good Portsmanship, and I'd like to be involved in this one, but I don't have the time to run it by myself right now. 
806	boardgames	 I would add a single advice: Plan your turn before the auctions start. I usually plan my turn backwards: How many cities can I connect to with the money I have? How much will I (likely) need to pay for resources for my current plants? Now how much is there left for auctions? (counting both the plant price and its resources for at least 1 turn) After this initial calculation I can adjust the numbers: If I don't have enough to pay for resources, build 1 fewer city unless there's an obvious new plant that would use cheaper resources or replace an expensive one. Only bid on power plants that help reach at least the new number of cities, ideally more. Sometimes it can be worth throwing this plan out the window if there is a really juicy plant, especially if you can get it at face value and you won't have to replace it for a long time, or even ever. I recognise that this could potentially engender some analysis paralysis, so unless everybody does it, please be nice and move on quickly, keep it fun! Or practice to do it faster; I'm slow at mental calcs so I just split the money on my lap. 
808	boardgames	 I haven't played my copy of LotR: Risk enough to have developed house-rules, however, I do have a couple ideas that might help in this area. You could state that only territories with # armies on them score points at the end of the round. That would force the last player to leave behind armies and would think out the attacking force. Of course the player would likely choose to attack enemy territories until they were below the threshold to take points away from them. Another idea that I like better because it is somewhat in keeping with the story (stretching a bit perhaps) would be to declare that as the ring reaches Mt. Doom the player turns end as normal then the armies of Mt. Doom make one final push to take over the land. Each territory would be attacked 1 time by 3 attacking armies (3 dice). Only surviving territories would be counted in the player scores. From a story standpoint think "cleansing of the shire". I think this has the advantage of making all players be careful about how thinly they spread their armies. You could adjust the number of Mt. Doom armies that attack (# of dice) or the number of times they attack to make it harder to finish with territories. Like I said, I haven't played LotR Risk much so maybe this is a horrible idea. I suppose I should pull it out of the closet and playtest my idea. 
810	boardgames	 BoardGame Review is a blog that provides useful board game reviews. 
811	boardgames	 Chessgames.com has three games Fischer played against the Greenblatt computer program . Those seem to be the only gamers recorded for Fischer during this time period online. There don't appear to be any copies of Fischer's five minute 1981 games with Peter Biyiasas online. 
812	boardgames	 We do a bit of houserulery and slowly change the game between each session. At the end of a game each player will pick one kingdom to remove, and then we'll split the randomisers about equally and everyone picks a kingdom to replace the ones they've removed. We wait to pick the replacements until everyone has selected the ones that are going away, and generally try and keep the various costs between 2-5 in play. After a 3 player game whomever came in third gets to remove and replace 2 kingdoms. In a two player, both player removes two. This way there are four new cards each time. 
814	boardgames	 The only time the loan is really worthwhile is if there no other means of trashing cards or upgrading them. If there is a Steward, Upgrade, Mine, Forge, Bishop, etc. in play, don't bother buying a loan... I really feel the Loan should have been 
818	boardgames	 Has the math been done on an optimal setup of security cameras and painting locations in Cluedo: The Great Museum Caper ...? 
819	boardgames	 While it has been a while since I last played Carcassonne using The Tower expansion, I seem to recall a level of confusion as to how the rules surrounding The Tower interacted with the rules of the Dragon. For example, can the Dragon destroy towers...? 
823	boardgames	 Is there any backstory to the different races in Warhammer 40K...? 
826	boardgames	 I've recently gotten Cities &amp; Knights and plan to play it with my existing Seafarers of Catan expansion once I get the hang of it. Looking through the manuals for both Seafarers of Catan and Catan: Cities &amp; Knights, I can't find how many victory point should I play to when combining the expansions. Both expansions can be played together, but it doesn't say how many victory points to play to. I assume since Cities &amp; Knights increases the number of victory points you play on the base settlers map, it would do the same for the Seafarers maps, but I can't find a reference for this. When playing a Seafarers Scenario with Cities &amp; Knights, do you play to the number of victory points for the scenario, or do you increase the number of victory points you play too? 
827	boardgames	 A basic introduction is available via Games Workshop , and a general overview can be found on the Warhammer_40,000 page on Wikipedia . Beyond that, there is an enormous amount of information available in the Codexes. Games workshop produces a Codex for each race which contains a lot of backstory as well as units and rules specific to that race. 
828	boardgames	 This is a good question asked as example on Area51 . I remember when I was a kid I hated to lose, and worse; I would try to cheat to win. I don't remember when or how this attitude changed but I started to hate players who tried to cheat or make the game too serious and don't accept losing. In my personal opinion, accepting a loss after doing your best has a significant role in every person's life. What are some good games or techniques for helping kids learn to "lose gracefully"? 
829	boardgames	 How to I avoid one player getting too strong by playing just to defend a small area or continent and only gaining territories just to obtain Risk cards to trade in for more armies. 
831	boardgames	 I'm not sure, but maybe playing games in partnerships or teams would lessen the sting of losing. Perhaps a mixture of cooperative and competitive games would also help. Any game where players can exclude an unpleasant player from deals or trading might be effective in letting a child see the consequences. However, it would have to be done very delicately to avoid upsetting the child too much. Some examples with trading and dealing are Settlers of Catan and I'm the Boss. 
832	boardgames	 Ludo is a race game that I played a lot in my early days. I missed it. 
834	boardgames	 I'm trying to find a board game which I knew when I was a kid. Nobody let me play it. It's played in the Middle East. It has oil pipelines to link territories, oil tanker ships, perhaps an oil drill, dictator (a hand), artillery (tank), a head piece (sorry I don't remember what it is), and if I'm not wrong it has a king and a warrior or spy too. I don't remember if it had money, dice, etc. The objective, if I remember correctly, was to gain power, economy control, etc. It has some similarities to Risk and Diplomacy. 
835	boardgames	 Dragons can't eat tower pieces or barns (only followers). Dragons can eat followers on the tops of towers. This is discussed in the huge annotated rules clarification on Board Game Geek, which has the following to say. Page 45: If a follower is deployed to the top of a tower, the construction of the tower is finished and it may not be built any further. The follower remains on top of the tower until the end of the game and is not removed or returned to the player unless eaten by the dragon or captured by another tower. This action may be useful when a player wishes to protect a more valuable follower from capture. Page 54: A barn cannot be removed by the dragon (from The Princess and the Dragon), nor taken prisoner by a tower (from The Tower). Some relevant related rulings (footnotes in the document): (105) Q: If there are 2 followers on 1 tile (tower and city) does the dragon eat them both? A: [It eats them ] all. (116) Q: If the dragon can eat a follower on a tower, can the follower also be seduced by a princess? A: The tower is not a part of the city: they are two separate areas. (133) Q: If you place a dragon tile and add a piece to a tower, what happens first: follower capture by the tower, or dragon movement? A: Prisoners are taken first; placing a tower piece is an alternative to deploying a follower, so occurs before dragon movement. Dragon food clarifications can be found on p.68-70. To summarise: Dragon food: Follower, Big Follower, Mayor, Wagon, Builder Pig, [Follower on] Tower Block Not dragon food: Barn, Count, Fairy 
839	boardgames	 Well, I personally suffered from this condition for a long time---and still do to some extent. In my opinion, the ability to lose gracefully is dependent on one's self esteem. It is much easier to shrug off a defeat if your self esteem is secure than when your whole life is a battle for every scrap of validation. With age (I'd say 20+) it does get easier to recognize and control such tendencies in oneself. Things that help: Playing games where no one loses. There are games that do not employ the competitive aspect of most games. A good game shop should be able to help you find them. Playing games where winning and losing is shared among multiple players. Team based or completely cooperative games. Not rubbing in defeats. Kinda obvious but there it is. Help the child see what they did well. Point out good moves, complement them when they show self restraint during a loss. Things that don't help: Telling the child they're a bad loser. The child is not going to see it that way. Any insistence on the topic is just gonna piss them off even more. Not only does it rub in the fact that they failed to win the game, but it aggravates the damage by insisting that they also failed at failing to win the game. The amount of self reflection necessary to recognize one has this problem comes only much later in life. Letting the child win. While sometimes effective as a stop gap measure it bears two dangers: Children are quite smart. If they figure out that you've let them win they're gonna be pissed off even more. The child is not going to learn without having to face defeat. Playing more so it can get accustomed to defeat. Without the inner strength to withstand one defeat you can't train someone how to withstand ten of them. Disclaimer: I'm not a psychologist or child expert - just someone talking from his own experience. Take all of this with a grain of salt. Final Toughts: In my opinion such behavior - especially if it persists - is only a symptom of an underlying problem. As I said in the beginning, it's a matter of self esteem and that can be heavily eroded over the years even by the smallest things. Do you often have arguments with the sore loser because they're stealing attention from their siblings at social events? Are they by any chance the older or middle child? Are they the less reliable one? If your answer is yes to any of these questions I suggest you go see a professional to determine IF you are unwittingly undermining that child's self esteem. I don't want to paint you a horror picture - I might easily be wrong. 
841	boardgames	 In the game Masters of Venice , what happen if after I have delivered a Guild Order, and upon drawing a new one, I still have enough goods to meet the newly drawn order? According to the rules, I still take VP and adjust the prices of good as in my first order. However, do I count the second order as a new separate order (hence perhaps giving me more VP than the first order)? And what does it meant by in the rules that "You do not get to deliver the order" in such cases? 
842	boardgames	 
843	boardgames	 I don't know this particular game but from my experiences with various card games trumps are rarely considered matching a suit. In most games one of the following scenarios is used: Playing a card of the trump suit is not considered to be "following suit" and forbidden as long as one still has cards of the suit that was lead. See Wizard . Playing a card of the trump suit is not considered to be "following suit" but explicitly allowed. See Jass . 
844	boardgames	 According to this table, Hong Kong, Classical (Babcock's red-book rules), and Korean variations fit your criteria. Having said that, this page state that Korean rules don't use seasons. 
845	boardgames	 My favourite two-player icehouse games are Zendo and Volcano. Zendo is an excellent game for two players in two styles. The first is when competition isn't particularly difficult. Then the game is played normally and is functionally one person posing logic puzzles to the other. The second is the Dharma-duel which is an excellent way for both people to be "master" 
846	boardgames	 The game Zendo is an icehouse game of inductive logic. There are many different variables possible in the game (size, shape, orientation, pointing, etc...). One way of limiting rule difficulty is to limit the number of variables allowed in the rule. What is your favourite set of variables when playing with new players? What's the best way to introduce new variables to escalate difficulty? What variables have caused more problems then they're worth? 
847	boardgames	 Necron codex says that Monolith is a skimmer that can move up to 6". Then it can fire it's weapons. Does that mean that instead of firing I can move it to another 6" like with any other vehicle or am I allowed to only move it 6" a turn? 
850	boardgames	 Since I'm not yet allowed to edit even CW posts, I'll just point out that Steward is one of the best options for the "trash your cards" strategy: it's most of a Chapel that can also be a Silver once you don't need to trash any more. A friend of mine who loves Chapel-style decks argues cogently that it's the best card in the whole game so far for this kind of strategy. 
851	boardgames	 Putting Silver on top of your deck is generally better than putting it in your discard pile. Later on you might not want to use the Bureaucrat every chance you get - particularly if your opponents have trashed their Estates - but early game, guaranteeing a Silver in your next hand is likely better than getting to your other purchases quicker. 
852	boardgames	 We always found that a 3:1 port is useful, but never dominating. A 2:1 port combined with cities on that specific resource can be completely dominating. If there are three sheep hexes next to each other, then go for getting the six-sheep city and the sheep 2:1 port. 
853	boardgames	 The large majority of my games of Settlers, or more recently Cities and Knights, were done using a computer program to simulate the deck of 36 dice. It would randomly reshuffle at some point between 34 and 36 cards through, so you can't count rolls precisely, but it was a blissful solution to the frustration of the "Settlers probability distortion field". I much prefer Settlers played with "enforced probabilities" like this: there's still plenty of randomness in what order the rolls come up, but you at least know that building on a 6 and an 9 you will get more resources than the person who built on 4 and 11, where in the dice version the opposite seems to happen frustratingly often. The program we were using also provides for the Cities and Knights dice by colouring one number red, and giving a background colour of black (3 in 6) / yellow (1 in 6) / green (1 in 6) / blue (1 in 6). You can download it from . 
854	boardgames	 My wife and I have a house rule to let us choose the number of epidemics after we see what roles we get. We usually play "If we have a Medic then 6, otherwise 5". That keeps the challenge ratio at a good spot in all cases. 
855	boardgames	 Gnostica is an excellent Icehouse game for two players, but it might fall foul of your "not too complex" restriction. The Rules Reference helps, but even so, it's not really simple. I'd highly recommend Binary Homeworlds . Although multiplayer Homeworlds has an explicit political element and some hidden information, the two-player version Binary Homeworlds loses those to become a pure-strategy game, with eminently simple rules, but astonishing depth. 
856	boardgames	 Box him in and attack him elsewhere. If he's boxed in, he can't gain territories around his base except by suffering heavy losses. Now he has to gain his Risk Card Territory elsewhere, where he's vulnerable. Whittle down the number of his territories, and soon he'll have to place some of his new armies outside his base to have a good chance of gaining a territory, which means those armies are not strengthening his base. 
857	boardgames	 It is legal according to the rules. At my table, it has been ruled as illegal (house rule). It just feels against the spirit of the game. 
858	boardgames	 The Monolith is a verrrrrrrrrry slow skimmer -- it can only move 6" per turn, but it can also ignore terrain features while moving. I don't have the Codex handy, but I'm fairly certain the Monolith says it can only ever move 6" per turn. 
859	boardgames	 The most basic, and easily visible, attributes are best for beginning players are the most obvious and easy to see. Color, size, basic orientation, number of pieces. Rules that involve simple combinations of these attributes are good (a koan has the Buddha nature if it has a small red piece). Rules that have too many relations going on (touching, pointing) at once are somewhat more difficult (a koan has the Buddha nature if it has a small red piece touching a large green piece). Rules that involve pip count arithmetic can be quite difficult for beginning players. Rules with an "and" in them (a koan has the Buddha nature if it has a red piece and a flat piece) are OK for beginning players, as long as they aren't too complicated; an "or" (a koan has the Buddha nature if it has a red piece or a flat piece) are more difficult and should probably be avoided at first. There are a few features that can be fairly non-obvious or hard to express for beginners (groundedness, weird orientation) and so should probably be avoided at first and introduced slowly. Also, introducing non-standard relationships (corner pointing, nesting without touching) should be avoided until people have a little more familiarity with the game. Another way to simplify the game for beginners is to remove one color. With only three colors, it becomes much easier to figure out and test rules that involve colors. One thing to remember with Zendo is that it's almost always better to err on the side of a rule that's too easy rather than a rule that's too hard. It's frustrating when no one figures out the rule in Zendo. It's very easy to come up with a rule that's too hard, especially if you're trying to be "clever" about it (one of the more frustrating rules I've played with was "the sum of yellow and blue pips must be a fibonacci number"; that was especially bad, because 0, 1, 2, 3, and 5 are all fibonacci numbers, and you run out of pieces quickly when trying to test higher numbers to figure out the pattern). 
860	boardgames	 La Resistance! This is a great Werewolf/Mafia game that runs without a moderator, and even works for 5 players! It's tense, tactical, emotionally draining, and best of all, everyone plays right up until the end of the game, no-one gets eliminated during play. The one drawback is that is becomes a little luck-based as the number of players reaches 8 and beyond, so at that point, we tend to switch back to Werewolf. 
861	boardgames	 I would say... type of game, number of players, etc... are all factors... but being a "good loser" is a learned trait. You want to train him to be a good sport? Make sure he plays with respectful people. Other answers are all and good... but the best way to encourage good behavior is to encourage good atmosphere. You stick your kid into a Halo server... or you stick your kid into a LAN with other church members. It's going to be obvious which group will encourage better manners. 
862	boardgames	 It's pretty unlikely that a sabotage run will ever be the most strategically sensible thing to do. However, there could be several occasions when it'd be a fun thing to do. Given how it's a blatant Star Wars reference, it's a good opportunity to throw around movie quotes. (In case anyone didn't realise: the War Sun is an Expy of the Death Star.) And in the one time in 50 that it works, then it'll make for a very memorable occasion, which is a great part of a fun gaming experience. 
863	boardgames	 Collaborative games (especially Pandemic, since it's quick and easy to teach) come immediately to mind. The thing is, it can teach you how to accept collective failure, but I'm not certain it has a lot to do with losing to another human being (especially a relative, with all the emotional weight they carry) in a child's mind. I know a grown up (not the most mature person around me, but still) who simply hates to lose, and continually "raises the stakes" orally during a game, so that every opponent ends up in the same competitive over-emotional state. I hate to lose to her ... Crucially, she hates the mere idea of collaborative games and generally refuses to join them. What the question inspires me is that kids are remarkably more prone to learn by example than by drilling. You may want to try having adults (or more mature kids) losing games against him/her and recovering gracefully, showing their joy of having had a good time ostentatiously. 
864	boardgames	 You need to have a plan for food. You should choose one of these options and work hard towards it: Animals - You want to get the first Fireplace, probably take a bunch of Sheep once they've accumulated up to about 4 and cook most of them. Sets you up well for the later game. You'll want to start breeding soon, so you'll need lots of wood for stables/pastures. Bread - Can be tricky if you don't have a helpful Occupation or Minor Improvement. Some people go as far as to say you should never aim to bake bread unless you have a good Occ/Imp, but I wouldn't agree. Nonetheless, generally it's vital to get the Clay Oven, and there's only one, so you need to get 1 Stone and 3 Clay ASAP. It helps a lot that you get a free bake when you build the Clay Oven - really try to have a grain on hand when you build it. Try to get grain sown as soon as possible, preferably into two or three fields. Vegetables - It's hard to completely feed your family with Vegetables, unless you have the Lettuce Patch, but they can form a good sizeable chunk of a balanced diet. You definitely want a Cooking Hearth to maximise their value. It starts too late if you have to wait for the "Take 1 Vegetable" space, so you need a card like the Hobby Farmer or Grocer to really do this well. Others like the Potato Dibber or Window Box can make this much more effective. Accumulators - Travelling Players and Fishing are not really sustainable sources of food normally, but with a good occupation or two like Dancer or Fisherman, you can get quite a lot of food from these. Other Cards - With cards like Berry Picker, Sycophant or Patron+Bookshelf, you can obtain quite a lot of your food from unconventional sources. You're not likely to be fighting other people for it, which is good, but you will have to get animals and vegetables at some point to get a decent score, so you can't completely neglect those aspects. 
865	boardgames	 In Gin, you don't get any hard information on what is in your opponent's hand until the hand is over. This means you have to make use of whatever information you can get. The primary source of information is the discards. To be successful you need to keep track of both What your opponent discarded What you discarded Pay attention to both suits and the number of each card. For example, if your opponent discarded the 5 of clubs, he is most likely not interested in 5's or mid range clubs. Observe your opponent, if he usually plays fast but pauses even briefly to consider the jack of diamonds you just tossed then he most likely has several cards around that. A couple examples of what he might have. 10-K of diamonds sets of 9's and 10's but he has diamonds of both and could make another run (like 7-8-9-10 of clubs) Perhaps from previous discards and pickups you could narrow down the options as to what he might have. 
866	boardgames	 Werewolves, if you're not aware, is a group game played with hidden roles. It's also best played with a fairly large group -- 10, 15 or more. During various stages of the night, people need to do certain things. However, both noise and movement can give certain things away. (Reaching across a table, or walking across a room, to flip a card, etc.) One solution we've come up with is to play very loud music during those times. This helps to mask a lot of the secret play. Unless, however, you're in a very large space, too, you can often feel the person near you move regardless of how loud the music is. So, does anyone have any good ideas to such issues with this game? I realize it's also up to the players to "play fair" -- otherwise there's no point. But you also don't want to be accidentally handed the answer. Thanks! 
867	boardgames	 Use an ipad ( Curse of Pandora ). 
868	boardgames	 I have a couple guesses, I'm not sure either matches everything you listed though. Oil: The Great Adventure Petróleo A couple GeekLists may have what you are looking for if I missed the mark. Let's Play the Oil War Oil Exploration Games 
869	boardgames	 I played this recently and the group I played with had established the practice of having everyone repeatedly smack their hand on the table while heads are down during the night phase. The table smacking creates enough noise and vibration to mask movements. The only caveat is that people need to remember to keep smacking while they point with the other hand. :) 
870	boardgames	 Example is critical. Lose to the child gracefully yourself. Teach them by example to say thanks for the game when they win. (Graceful winning is the flip side of graceful losing, and I always found it much harder to do; I like gloating, dammit. I have to consciously suppress that.) And, importantly, demonstrate that it's to the child's benefit to lose politely. Offer to play again when they lose (or to play something else, or do something else fun) - unless they're handling it badly, in which case go back to work. The lesson is: if you're no fun to play with, you don't get to play as much. Try playing any fast-play game repeatedly. It makes it easy for you to demonstrate the point; if the child knows you're playing ten in a row for three minutes each, it lowers the stakes and makes it easy to learn the principle. Try (depending on the age of the child) something like Icetowers. (Several other Icehouse games come to mind, but Icetowers is very fast and easy to play, yet hard to win reliably, so it's a good example.) James Ernest of Cheapass games is a good designer for this sort of thing also; try Lightspeed or "Before I Kill You, Mr. Bond" (sadly now "The Totally Renamed Spy Game" due to copyright issues...) Totally cooperative games may not help, but team games or group cooperative games can. And several-on-one games (Space Crusade?) can be good - but put the child on the team, not the solo slot. (Learning to lose gracefully when one of your team messes up is another key skill anyway.) Bad losing - in children and adults - should be handled like any other temper tantrum. (We have one aggressive player and bad-tempered loser in our adult group - but he tries to keep himself under control and is great fun to play with, so we let it pass.) 
871	boardgames	 My father in law is saying that his oncle's old solid wood Crokinole board outmatch the cheap cardboard game he actually got. I never played on this solid wood board and before upgrading to a better board, I'm wondering if anyone who tested many different board types could detail how the playing surface (cardboard vs lacquered vs solid wood) affect the game. 
872	boardgames	 The Black Market promo card may give you some of what you're hoping for. If a Black Market is one of your 10 Kingdom cards, it allows vast diversity in the actual Kingdom cards in the game. 
873	boardgames	 Seat people far enough away so that they can't feel each other move. Either get people on the floor or in individual chairs. If you have kitchen chairs and enough space this can be done. Another option is to have the judge walk around the room and point at people for the werewolves. Their werewolves can nod their heads on who they want their next victim to be. This way the judge is the only one doing the pointing movement. If you have everyone drumming their hands as Todd suggested, you should have a fairly easy way to have the werewolves secretly select victims without giving each other away. 
874	boardgames	 I think part of the answer is that you have to play the same games with different styles of game play (see below, speed games). We all succumb, at one time or another, to the min-max problem. Said another way, in many games, there actually is an optimal solution that can be calculated decisively at certain points (especially near the end). But calculating it in ones head can be a slow process for some. The best solution (in my opinion) in those situations is to just work with the player. You'll all learn more about the game and be able to make the decision faster next time. They'll have the satisfaction of knowing they scored the best they could (or at least others agreed with them). In fact, if done right, everyone can have a maximum score. (Doing this gets much harder as the number of players increases -- consider it a group challenge. And, recall, it's just a game and it'd be silly for someone to win or lose because of a mere accident or true mistake.) (Some games are well suited towards this style of group play. Highly recommended with the significant other, too. ;) ) As for the type of game, mix in play of "speed games" where everyone has to take fast moves. Compare to a 2 minute speed chess game -- it's a completely different game when played that way. This can balance full, thoughtful, strategy play with intense, and sometimes silly, action play. If someone is the only one affected by the "rules of speed" they'll feel picked on or just won't have as much fun. Everyone, at some time or another, probably takes a long turn. Another solution is to just have a limited number of "long turns" -- this way, the slow thinker or optimizing player can plan for one turn (or so) a game and the rest of the group can go refill their drinks and snacks. Finally, as others have said, unless it's chess, game familiarity will almost always speed everyone along. Give new players a chance. Play "open discussion" games. Open it up so the "slow" player can ask for advice and receive fair, honest answers. If it's a constant problem, the person is probably just unsure of their moves and boosting their confidence will go a long way. 
875	boardgames	 Here's what I did - though it may be too late for some: I never, ever just let my son win while he was growing up. This was not always easy. For a while, for example, I could always count on him to side with his mother when we played A Game of Thrones . It was OK, she was going to win anyhow. Sometimes, he would score a win - usually in luck based games - and he would be congratulated. But I always told him when he played well, thanked him for the game, and helped him after the game was over by discussing what went wrong and what he might have done better. And I pointed out when he made good moves or decisions, during the game, too. As a result, he got a lot of practice losing - and what I hoped was a good model for a gracious winner, too. He also got an absolute certain knowledge that when he won, he deserved it. Nobody can take a win away from him by saying, "Well, I just let you win that one," because it simply never happens. So now, when he regularly kicks my butt, he knows he did it legitimately, and he usually models excellent gracious winner behavior for me when he does. 
876	boardgames	 With help from Pat Ludwig's answer I found out the right game. It's The Game of Nations . This game probably was release to exploit the first oil big crisis in 1972. Good to know that the world changed :-) 
879	boardgames	 I found this on a BoardGameGeek thread : You can try this...clear wallpaper, avaliable at any home improvement store and even Walmart, if you're lucky enough to find it there; about $10 a roll and the roll will do the tiles and more. The clear wallpaper will have to be cut after application (it's self adhesive), will have to be trimmed with an craft knife. Hope this helps. I'll be trying this on my set and I've used the clear wallpaper on other games over the years to protect them and 20 years later a lot of them are still in mint condition. Warning, don't buy the frosted clear wallpaper, you can't see through it. While I haven't tried it myself, it looks like it might be worth a try. Maybe on a cheaper game first, so that if it doesn't work, you haven't screwed up you're favorite game. I will go to the local Fred Meyer today and see if they have something like this, and if so, try it out myself. 
880	boardgames	 Force him to come towards you and leave the safety of his base. Then he's either forced to attack territory outside of his base if he hopes to continue to gain Risk Cards and grow his armies, or stop collecting risk cards altogether. Also, if you can gain and hold choke points on the map against him, you force him to seek those cards in other parts of the map. If he continues to become to powerful, seek an alliance with the other players to cut him down to size. 
881	boardgames	 Convince the other players of the power of his tactics and the need to 'break his continent' before he 'runs away with the game'. Lead the coalition against his evil ways. Use this coalition to mask your own strategy, as you set yourself up to emerge most powerful from the ashes. Risk is all about controlling the perceptions of the rest of the table. 
882	boardgames	 Oh! I was thinking about this for a while, and couldn't come up with many good games; I can't believe I missed the family of Icehouse games Zarcana , Gnostica , and Zark City . Zarcana was, I believe, the second game ever designed with Icehouse pieces (or at least one of the very early ones after Icehouse itself). It is played with an Icehouse stash per person and a deck of Tarot cards, with each card having particular powers. At the beginning of the game, 9 cards are laid out in a 3x3 grid. As you play, you try to take control of the cards with your Icehouse pieces; some cards are worth more than others, and you can use the powers of cards you occupy or cards in your hand. Some of the powers, however, involve being able to play more cards, which must be connected to existing cards; or destroy cards, leaving an empty space with a power vacuum. Thus, a changing network of cards emerges, and people develop their own islands or peninsulas of cards to defend from other players. Zarcana, as an early game design effort, had some problems. The rules were complex and fiddly, without the kind of consistency that allows them to be easily remembered. You had to refer to a rules reference all the time to figure out the power of the cards, or add stickers to help remind you. There wasn't much balance to the game; some cards were so much better than others that if you couldn't start on them you'd be at a significant disadvantage. And games would wind up with each person building out their own little territory, without much interaction from other players. A group of players and designers (including John Cooper, the designer of Zarcana) decided to fix Zarcana, and redesigned it into Gnostica. The history of how and why they developed Gnostica is a great read for anyone interested in game design. Gnostica became Zarcana on speed. Gnostica is more aggressive, interactive, strategic, consistent, clean, exciting, and fun. We would never want to go back and play Zarcana anymore. In comparison, Zarcana was too stodgy, tactical, inconsistent, fiddly, random, and difficult. Gnostica is much more of a gamer's game, with more strategic possibilities, more intense competition, and streamlined rules. Not everyone was a fan of the redesign, however. Andy Looney , of Looney Labs fame, happens to like games that are somewhat more random, chaotic, and quirky, with quicker turns and lighter gameplay (as you might guess from his most popular game, Fluxx ). He wrote a great essay on why he prefers Zarcana , which is worth a read to help figure out which game you will prefer. Finally, to promote the 3HOUSE bundle, Andy Looney developed a game that uses similar mechanics of controlling cards on a changing grid called Zark City. Zark City is a classic Andy Looney design; simpler, quicker playing, and more accessible than Zarcana or Gnostica, with a larger amount of luck. It uses ordinary playing cards, instead of Tarot cards, which also helps make it more accessible. The Zarcana family of three games, all related and all using Icehouse pieces, involve a connected network of cards with different powers, which change throughout the game, and which players control. 
883	boardgames	 When a creature with Infect and Lifelink puts poison counters on a player, does the controlling player gain life? Do all abilities that trigger on combat damage still occur? A link to an official ruling would be helpful. 
884	boardgames	 Another family of games, that do involve constructing a network but in a slightly different way, would be Fresh Fish and Alien City ( BGG ). I haven't played Fresh Fish, so I won't try to describe it, but Alien City has been described as an adaptation of it, as they share some of the same basic mechanics. In Alien City, a game played with a Piecpack set and an Icehouse set, you build and claim certain buildings, while being required to leave a connected road network between them. At the end of the game, you score based on how many buildings of different colors are within two spaces, along the road, of your buildings, multiplied by the distance, along the road, to the nearest building of the same color. These games are in some way the inverse of the mechanics described in the question; you are not building and controlling a network of pieces, but you are building buildings and the network is the negative space between them, that emerges as the pieces are placed. It's a fascinating mechanic, and it makes for a real brain-burner of a game. 
885	boardgames	 This book states that "a player who is furiten, is not allowed to win on a discard." What does furiten mean, and how does it affect the game? 
886	boardgames	 You might want to consider that people "giving themselves away" is part of the game, and an important source of clues for others. Advanced players will even sometimes "wrongly" emit noises or make gestures to confuse others into thinking they are what they're not. My policy is that players who draw unwanted attention to themselves, be it werewolves pointing to their next victim, or simply flipping their card for checking what they should have in memory, should suffer the consequences (if their opponents pay attention...). The game is fast enough that this will serve as a lesson for next round. The only player that should care about not giving clues away is the Moderator. I try to take great care not to talk to people directly, sliding the head around all directions while speaking so that it's not easy to triangulate werewolves or the Seer, etc. 
887	boardgames	 According to the mahjong wiki : Furiten in riichi mahjong is a state in which a player has discarded a tile that would have otherwise completed his hand. A player who is furiten cannot win on an opponent's discard, but can only win by self-drawing the needed tile. This rule is the crux of riichi mahjong. This is why all discards and melded sets are organized to show ownership the tiles discarded. 
888	boardgames	 Play with the rules variant (which is in the manual in at least some versions of RISK) that tones down the trade-ins for armies. Instead of the trade-ins escalating by 5 in the endgame, they simply go up by two every time (4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16...). This makes the other ways of obtaining armies more relatively important and downplays the importance of the cards. 
889	boardgames	 Many games, especially ancient ones, have their own set of manners. For instance, Go players bow before the game and greet each other ("onegaishimasu") and play the first stone in the upper right corner [etc]. Is there something similar in mahjong, too? 
890	boardgames	 The standard rules for Trivial Pursuit say that in order to win, the player must collect all six wedges from the special category spaces, then proceed to the center and answer a final question in a category selected by the other players. In my experience, however (and especially if more than 3 players/teams are participating) it takes way to long for the game to end with a winner this way. Are there any other set of "universally accepted" (or not) rules for Trivial Pursuit to ensure shorter games? I've seen (for example) proceeding to the center with less that 6 wedges, or specifying an ending time (with a "penalty shootout" if there is a tie) but none of them seem all that satisfactory. 
891	boardgames	 This book states that "If a claimed tile is not taken within the next two opponents’ turns, i.e. before another two discards has been made, the player has a dead hand." What is a dead hand, and how does it affect the game? 
892	boardgames	 I have no idea if any of these are "universally accepted", as I haven't consulted with the rest of the universe, but I have seen a few variations on ending the game. A large number of people I've played with don't like getting back to the center for the final question, because you're basically holding out for a lucky roll to get back to the middle. Instead, once you have your sixth pie wedge, you immediately are asked the final question; if you don't answer correctly, on successive turns you get another final question, no moving required. If we want a shorter game, we've altered the number of pieces required to win, anywhere from 4-6. It's been pretty satisfactory for us. If you want to make things a little more interesting to prevent people from avoiding their least-favorite category, we'll sometimes randomly select one of the six color wedges from a pile -- you must have this piece in your collection to win. I'm not a fan of a time limit, because slower players can make the game end prematurely by (intentionally or not) dragging out the clock. 
893	boardgames	 "Dead hand" has a few different meanings. It's hard to tell just from that one sentence, but it sounds like the one you're describing is the case where somebody forgets to take a tile, so their hand ends up short tiles (it's also a dead hand if the player forgets to discard and thus has too many tiles). A dead hand cannot be used to win the round, but the player still takes their turns as normal until the round ends. "Dead hand" also sometimes refers to a declared mahjong that turns out to be invalid (like above, that player cannot win anymore, and play continues), or a round where all tiles are drawn from the wall and nobody makes mahjong, but neither seems to be what you're referring to in this case 
894	boardgames	 Once an end condition is reached, I like the house rule where you play until just before the starting player. It seems more fair to me. Are there any counterarguments? It seems like the game designers have had ample opportunity to amend the rules or suggest this alternative in one of the expansions, and haven't. 
896	boardgames	 Yes to both. The FAQ for Scars of Mirrodin states that creatures with infect deal damage to players in the form of poison counters; that's still dealing damage, so lifelink and other abilities that trigger on combat damage take place as normal. 
897	boardgames	 Possible Duplicate: Why couldn&#39;t this hand win with ron? Occasionally, I try to Ron, but get prompted that I cannot due to a "missing multiplier". What does this mean, and how can I avoid it? Example: The marked tile was just discarded, but I can't Ron. Edit: A quick explanation why this question is on-topic on this site instead of at gaming.stackexchange.com. The exact term "no multiplier" is certainly specific to this implementation, but I believe the question applies to the game in general. This message does not appear to be a "bug" or "error message" but a valid notification that my hand is missing something. Maybe (I'm guessing here) it should just read "Your hand does not have enough yaku yet!" instead. 
898	boardgames	 One way to exploit this, is that you can move on another turn (for example a wolf can move on the seers turn). But there is a vital role for the game master. I have seen games ruined by adressing the witch as he while there was only male player alive. A good game master messes with several cards if a role has to be shown. Talks in a random direction (not to the player she talks to). And walks around the table touching several players (if they are seated close to eachother). This is a fun part of the game. People give themself away by small hints. And you can take advantage of it. I was once (as a wolf) trusted by another player because I was sitting next to him. 
899	boardgames	 Creatures with Infect still deal damage, so all abilities that trigger* (such as Lifelink) still function. This is a natural consequence of rule 119.3b and 119.3d (and others, like 702.87x, omitted here) Damage dealt to a player by a source with infect causes that player to get that many poison counters. and Damage dealt to a creature by a source with wither and/or infect causes that many -1/-1 counters to be put on that creature. (Source) Note that both Infect and Lifelink occur as a consequence of damage being dealt, thus it follows that any other damage triggered* ability would also occur. *As AlexC points out, the actually phrase "trigger" can be tricky. Think "caused to happen, through any of MTG's myriad rules." 
900	boardgames	 If all the players are new, then I think the game includes some sample rules on cards. That doesn't work if some of the players remember the sample rules. My rule of thumb for creating rules in this kind of game is to either combine two dead simple rules (No blue pieces and more than three pieces), or to have one slightly sophisticated rule that always applies (the top of each piece must be at the same height or above the tops of all pieces with fewer pips). Of course new players have to be reminded that their rules are always harder than they think they are. 
901	boardgames	 I think solid wood with a wax finish is the best. Basically, the rougher it is, the less finesse you can use. If it's really rough, then the movement starts to be less predictable. Of course, the surface of your cookies is also part of the equation. 
902	boardgames	 The group I regularly play with has a tradition of softly stomping your feet with your heads down. Built into this is the opportunity for misdirection, which is all part of the game. For instance, stopping your stomping when the magician is called to wake up, when you are in fact a werewolf. I completely fell for it once. ONCE. :) 
903	boardgames	 Yes, the creature's controller will gain life. Infect and Lifelink are both abilities that modify how damage is dealt. They're not exclusive in any way; they just mean that the damage dealt has some effects different to what damage normally does. They can happily coexist. 119.3b Damage dealt to a player by a source with infect causes that player to get that many poison counters. ... 119.3f Damage dealt by a source with lifelink causes that source's controller to gain that much life, in addition to the damage's other results. The damage is still damage in every way. So it'll still trigger an Ophidian Eye , get doubled by Furnace of Rath , get prevented by Samite Healer and so on. The Scars of Mirrodin FAQ document says: Damage from a source with infect is damage in all respects. If the source with infect also has lifelink, damage dealt by that source also causes its controller to gain that much life. Damage from a source with infect can be prevented or redirected. Abilities that trigger on damage being dealt will trigger if a source with infect deals damage, if appropriate. 
904	boardgames	 I know of only two hands that do not consist of 4 sets and a pair in riichi mahjong: Seven Pairs, and Thirteen Orphans. Are there more? 
905	boardgames	 Based on this source I would say that those are the only ones. 
906	boardgames	 The game with all the expansions has 3 ending conditions, all of which require you to keep an eye on the number of cards remaining. Those endings are: All Provinces have been bought. Any 3 (2-4 players) or 4 (5-6 players) piles have been bought. (New in Prosperity) All Colonies have been bought. Short version: It would discourage players from buying the last card to end the game if it's not a Colony or Province. Long version: The idea is that you watch the piles as they go down and adjust your strategy to compensate. For example, if I think my score is good enough to win, it's to my advantage to buy out the last pile needed to end the game, even if it's something I don't want. Requiring the game to keep going around the table after that would likely discourage me from buying said card; I would rather buy more higher-point cards, hoping that someone else will end the game. 
907	boardgames	 Get lots of victory cards Buy lots of victory cards, such as a Duke(I)/Duchy(B) combination, or Gardens(B). Since this heavily dilutes your deck, it only works with action cards that allow you to get cards without having many useful cards, such as Ironworks(I) or Remodel(B) or Workshop(B). 
908	boardgames	 Made hands are very rare in mahjong. Is there a table that lists the possibilities of starting with a complete hand? 
909	boardgames	 Many classic board and card games have had their strategy studied, formalized, and "digitized," for lack of a better word. For instance, there are a plethora of computer programs that can analyze or play a game of Chess, Backgammon, Connect 4, various games of poker, and so on. Is there any computer AI program for Axis and Allies? Ideally, I'd like to be able to setup certain scenarios and then watch the computer play against itself to learn new strategies. Also, a single player mode would be nice. There is a (now serious outdated) Axis and Allies computer game , which I owned several years ago. This game had a single player option, meaning you could play against the computer, but the AI was very scripted and weak and the game lacked the ability to setup a scenario and let the computer play it out (from what I remember). 
910	boardgames	 I'm planning to run a Cripple Mr Onion tournament (the gambling variant of the game, but not for money), but I have never run a tournament before. How should I structure this tournament? What do I, as an organizer need to know to have this tournament go off successfully? I'm willing to use and adapt a tournament format for similar card and/or board games but I need to know where to start. The game requires at least two players, but not more than seven . So probably six or seven to a table. In my own (small) experience playing the game (and I've never played the gambling variant myself), it works better with a larger number. I have no real idea how many players to expect. There'll be a couple of hundred at the Irish Discworld Convention, but no doubt the tournament will clash with other events. And some people there won't be interested. It might be two or three tables. Perhaps more. Perhaps just one. Rules of the game (pdf): Cripple Mr Onion . 
911	boardgames	 Great bar games we play regularly: Icetowers (and other fast simple Icehouse games; the smaller pieces are easy to lose but also cheap to replace), Apples to Apples (the default party game choice), and Nanofictionary. If you have a little table space, pretty-much-anything-by-Cheapass-Games, but especially Big Idea (one of the few card games that actually improves when you're slightly drunk), Give Me the Brain (and it's sequel Lord of the Fries), and Lightspeed. Button Men is golden; you can wear the game and you only need enough table to roll five dice. Gloom is also a favourite, if you're not too worried about stains on the cards (which would be appropriate, anyway...) 
912	boardgames	 It depends on your requirements. Uno may be a terrible or a brilliant choice, depending on what you want. There's little strategy: it's something to do with your hands while you chat with a bunch of friends. That means the gameplay tends to be fast, so turns come around fairly quickly. And, playing in a large bunch, there's always the chance that the +4 cards go around the table, and someone ends up picking up 16 cards, which is always sweet (when it's not you). When the +2s go around, the pick ups can go into the twenties. If you're looking for clever strategy games, you don't want Uno. Uno works well with 5-9ish people, and perhaps more, and also works well with 2 people (though that's an entirely different game, really). I find it awkward with three or four people. 
914	boardgames	 Not that I am aware of, but you could try using the popular Combat Simulator calculator as a starting point. It's html &amp; javascript, so it's all visible. It's not in the format you are looking for, exactly, but has a logical starting point &amp; it's been maintained by someone who clearly loves the game. With that in hand, I would try looking under the hood of your old PC game to see if the AI is customizable. The Age of Empires series had a really excellent AI system , all based on relatively simple text files. It wasn't documented in the game, if I recall correctly (it's been a few years), but a really rich community of AI developers grew up around it. You may find that there is some way to customize the clunky AI in the game to get it to do what you want. Another option is to check out TripleA . It's a free Java-based turn based strategy game based on Axis and Allies. Exactly how close it's AI is to the real Axis &amp; Allies rule set, I don't know. Sadly, documentation is spotty, but there is a fan site with a newbie guide . 
916	boardgames	 I loved Othello as a child. And still do. 
917	boardgames	 Not sure I know what a 'made hand' is. Are you asking what are the odds of being dealt the Nine Gates? If yes, the odds are about 5000:1 in a 136 tile set. This page has a combinatorial treatment of the 13 orphans vs the Nine Gates. 
918	boardgames	 I like playing "Irish Dice" (for lack of a better name - I was introduced at an Irish pub). The goal on three rolls of five dice is to get the lowest score - all sides have face value except 3s which are the wild/super side worth 0 points. You can make it more interesting by putting a dollar on every round (though I wouldn't know anything about that from personal experience). 
919	boardgames	 Another set of rules I have seen is to count three correct answers (with no more than one wrong in the sequence) on the same color as counting for a pie piece. So, you could answer correctly blue, pink, green, blue; incorrectly blue; correctly orange, blue and get the blue piece. Requires a bit of accounting overhead, however. Another alternative is to set a number of total correct and total per category correct - perhaps 30 total, and at least 4 in each category. 
920	boardgames	 Following the answer provided by Egg of P'an Ku , try clear contact paper . 
924	boardgames	 Senku/ Peg Solitaire is a good game to players of every age. 
925	boardgames	 Strictly following the rules of Monopoly will show that just because you have the cash to out-right buy hotels for your properties, you cannot if there are not enough houses in the bank to support an even build (ie, there are less than 12 in the bank for a 3 property street). Likewise, when tearing-down hotels, there need to be an appropriate number of houses available to support the even tear-down (at least four houses to remove one hotel, and 8 more if you want to remove all of the improvements on a 3 property street). What happens if you cannot tear-down your hotels because there are fewer than four houses in the bank (or fewer than 12 for the whole street)? The scenario is not that far-fetched - a property group has been fully improved, some large rent is now due, and the player needs to recoup the sunk cost of their improvements to pay the rent due. If they cannot tear-down the hotels, they cannot pay the rent. But property cannot be traded between players if improvements are on it. What is the appropriate resolution to this case? 
926	boardgames	 The rules state: When the Bank has no houses to sell, players wishing to build must wait for some player to return or sell his/her houses to the Bank before building. and Houses and hotels may be sold back to the Bank at any time for one-half the price paid for them. and All hotels on one color-group may be sold at once, or they may be sold one house at a time (one hotel equals five houses), evenly, in reverse of the manner in which they were erected. I would say that if it is NOT possible to break up a hotel into four houses, you must sell all hotels at once, at half-face value for the entire purchase of each hotel and four houses, thus satisfying the condition "all hotels on one color-group may be sold at once". 
927	boardgames	 There are a lot of different Carcassonne expansions available and I'm curious if anyone has any insight in to telling if combining them may break game play? Recently we've been using Inns &amp; Cathedrals with Cult, Siege and Creativity . It seems to have drastically changed the balance so that it's very dangerous to try and build a city of any size. Most cities end up being 2-3 tiles, putting a ton of them in the field. Sieged cities make being a farmer even more attractive. Last game, every big meeple was a farmer and three players had 5 meeples each in one large field. Is there any general advice on combining expansions? Are we just experiencing different game play thanks to different tiles? 
929	boardgames	 I believe that rule to be incorrect, but interesting. You must hit an enemy disc, but you can hit a friendly disc first to make a combo shot. It's higher risk because you can lose multiple discs. Check the WCC webpage for official rules. Also the one cheek rule is standard here in clubs in Ontario as well as not being able to move/shift your chair in any way once play begins. 
931	boardgames	 Steam and Age of Steam provide a finite set of tiles, and the rules explicitly mention that if a certain type of tile runs out then it is effectively unavailable anymore -- unless a tile comes back after being replaced by another one. This rule seems quite artificial, as in real life there shouldn't be any problems creating any kind of track as the train line is being built. The original designer Martin Wallace himself wrote that this constraint was artificial and tried to create a "friendly" set of tiles. I do agree that it is currently part of the game and I sometimes use it myself to get rid of some particular tiles so that my opponents may not use them. Some expansion maps (e.g., Sun ) were designed with the limited set of tracks in mind, as an important aspect of that map. However for most maps I sometimes wonder if we could just forget this limitation, provided that there's a way to create missing tiles as needed. So what do you think? What would be the pros and cons of relaxing this rule. Also, how would you implement an "infinite" supply of tiles? 
932	boardgames	 1870 is my current choice. I've played a bunch once or twice, but 1856 and 1830 are the only other ones I've played extensively. All comparisons here are to 1830. Private companies seem less important (can't specify why, it just feels that way) Shares have several built in protections to maintain the price, therefore the finance game is less dangerous No double O tiles (I find these are somewhat confusing to new players) Small cities can be upgraded (people don't like being locked into a tile they laid on turn 2) Destination hexes give a default goal for laying track Can play 2 yellow tiles/turn (building is easier for new players, here they get to do more of it) There is one major downside for beginners though Time to play is noticeably longer than 1830 
933	boardgames	 My family started with the house rule of allowing kids to earn pie pieces anytime they answered a question. There was no need to be on the special category spaces. Later on, that turned into a general use house rule if a shorter game was needed. Or, most commonly, after playing for a while we'd declare "everything counts" just to finish up the game quicker. 
934	boardgames	 Jungle Speed 
935	boardgames	 I have played with Inns &amp; Cathedrals, Builders &amp; Traders, Princess &amp; Dragon, Tower, and River all in play simultaneously. It didn't break the game, but neither was it really more fun in any way - it got very bogged down in mechanics. Pick your favorites and combine 'em! 
936	boardgames	 Bear with me here. In Dominion: Prosperity you can play King's Court and choose another King's Court as the target: The rules are clear on the basics of what happens here: you pick three cards and play each one three times. My question is when, precisely, the picking happens. If all three of those cards must be picked before executing any of them, it's a whole lot different from if you choose the cards one at a time. Up-front You must choose all three cards before playing card #1 three times. One-at-a-time You choose card #1 and play it three times, then choose and play card #2, etc. We played it one-at-a-time since that seemed like it made a little more sense (and was more fun too). If the first card you choose draws any cards at all, you have a high probability of picking up another action card to be the second target. Anybody know for sure which method is correct? 
937	boardgames	 In almost every game, when the rules do not specify otherwise, it is safe to assume that the designers meant for effects to be handled in a stack-like fashion. M:tG codified this in their 6E rules. That is, the effect of the first King's Court is to pick another card and play it three times. Each of those three plays is a unique event, as if two more copies of the card appeared in your hand to go with two extra actions. You will fully execute each of those three events before the next, each of them involving picking a card and playing it. 
938	boardgames	 One step towards implementing a wider set of tiles, without adding pieces, would be to allow players to swap tiles on the board if it doesn't change their top face. In a small but significant fraction of situations, the tile you need exists as the unused bottom side of a tile already on the table. Within the rules, I have encountered at least one scenario in which the game outcome was changed by my being able to "waste" money upgrading an apparently random tile on the board just to recover the other side of that tile for the move I actually want/need to make. 
939	boardgames	 Pegasus rulebook, pg 7: A Cylon Leader is considered a “human player” when he is Infiltrating and a “Cylon player” when he is not Infiltrating. I don't see an exception for infiltrating cylons on pg 17: Once the Admiral has ordered Galactica to leave and ended the game, destroy all civilian ships still on New Caprica, and execute any human players still on a New Caprica location. If after resolving those losses, no resource has been reduced to 0 or lower, the humans win the game! Therefore, infiltrating cylons are humans and would be executed. 
940	boardgames	 I find that the additional mechanics of the expansions rarely combine constructively. I will play any of the expansions alone, and many of them in pairs, but usually decline a game that uses three or more because of the sort of undesirable consequences you describe. 
941	boardgames	 If you can claim the aristocrats that provide income based on the number of buildings (or, to a lesser degree, workers) you have early in the game then a strategy that orients on maximizing that type of card, particularly cheap ones, becomes viable. 
942	boardgames	 I'll recommend Say What!?! , which is designed to be played in any social situation involving a lot of personal interaction and conversation. I like playing it during a game of Werewolf, or during various interrogate-your-neighbors mystery games, or even just at a house party where no other games are taking place. 
945	boardgames	 Set should be a challenging game for all of you. You lay out a number of cards with figures on them. The cards differ in the number, shape, color and shading of the figures on it. All players play concurrently trying to locate three cards where each attribute is either the same on all cards or different on all cards. The player who locates (and takes) the most sets wins. 
946	boardgames	 Let's say my opponent (o) has a road network: as x, can I: ? And break his already existing road? My question is not whether or not this will break his road; my question is if it is legal for me to build there and break an already-established road. At a previous game, there was considerable controversy as to whether this was a legal place to build a settlement. 
947	boardgames	 Assuming you have a fourth player I can recommend Dog as an awesome family game. Similar to Pachisi but you play in teams of 2 and instead of throwing dice you play cards. This adds teamplay and a lot of strategy to the game. One of our favorite games at home and among friends. 
948	boardgames	 If you build a settlement on his road, you disrupt it yes. See also: catan-longest-road-clarification . You can build on any place if: You can reach it by road or ship The vacant spot has no neighbouring settlements or cities. (There must be at least one empty spot between two settlements/cities) 
949	boardgames	 In my opinion you can combine any of the expansions (except possible the Catapult ) together to make a decent new game. In fact we often combine different parts of different expansions if we want to avoid having too many rules. We might play with the inns, pigs and mayors for instance. Also we sometimes want a longer game but without too many extra rules. For example, by playing with Traders and Builders we get a lot of extra tile shapes, which can be very satisfying if you like to fill in holes, but we might agree before the game that we won't use the resources associated with those tiles. One expansion which we never use alone is the Princess and Dragon . We like to play with the dragon on a large board, as this helps to encourage more long-term strategies. For example on a small board (with the dragon) you are unlikely to risk making a large city, or placing a farmer early. If the board is bigger then the dragon is less likely to come near your meeples, so there is a bit more margin for prospective play. In your example it sounds like you are using a sensible number of rules. If you're not a fan of small cities then you could maybe try playing without the siege tiles? However at this stage it becomes a question of personal taste. 
950	boardgames	 Carcassonne is great with kids. Not too complicated, and they learn to divide their attention between long term and short term goals. 
951	boardgames	 Short answer: You do the "one at a time" option as you described. Long answer: This case is precisely identical to the more common question of using Throne Room on a Throne Room, as the two cards are worded identically except for the number and a "you may". The official Dominion rules PDF says: You completely resolve playing the Action the first time before playing it the second time. If you Throne Room a Throne Room, you play an Action, doing it twice, and then play another Action and do it twice; you do not resolve an Action four times. In your case, this means "completely resolve playing King's Court the first time before [starting to] play it the second or third time". This means that yes, if your first Courted action was a Smithy , you're going to have lots of choices for the second and third King's Court. 
952	boardgames	 In some variants you have hands like Knitting (seven cross-suit pairs), Thirteen Grades of Imperial Treasure, and the Wriggling Snake. This page matches the rulebook I learned from. It describes several others such as Windy Chows, Dragonfly, Heavenly Twins (a special case of All Pairs), Run Pung &amp; Pair, and Red Lantern. I believe most of these should apply to riichi mahjong as well. 
954	boardgames	 One of the fun parts of the 18xx games, is that its fairly easy to create your own (local) version. I like to create a dutch version (yes there have been two already but with limited availability). One of the main features in dutch history is that it stared with lots of small companies that merged into one at the end (although there are some new companies started the last couple of years). 1856 deals with the same situation, and they solved it with cash and loans (companies that couldn't pay their loan are merged into the national railway, which is fine but I like a different. In 1870 companies can buy their own shares. But what if companies are allowed to buy shares of other companies. Would that be a workable solution. And how do the companies get enough cash to buy the shares. The question is, is it a workable solution to allow (and even encourage) companies to buy other companies. Maybe only if the shares are in the lower part of the stock table. Possible extensions could be: use of station markers of the owned company (or at least be able to pass through them) loan trains (only once per operation round so that a single train can't be run more than once). completely eat the company if 100% of the shares are owned. (including cash, trains and station markers). Possible problems could be: two companies owing a third company circular ownership (A owns B, B owns A) which can be solved by selling at least 50%(including the president share) at once. 
955	boardgames	 There is also a long-running German board game magazine called Spielbox . As of (I think) last year, they are also publishing an English version. I've only received one issue, but it is chalk full of reviews for new games. The translations can be... interesting, but it is quite readable. A VERY interesting resource. 
956	boardgames	 My kids are now sixteen and eight. They have been raised, steeped in board games. The first "real" game that my son was able to play with adults was Atilla . And the first one my daughter got was Settlers . In both cases, they were in that same 6-8 age-range that you're talking about. Those might be good ones to try for you. 
957	boardgames	 There are a couple fun ways to play Carcassonne with one player: Build an outline of a 10x10 grid with randomly chosen tiles. Attempt to fill it in completely. Just play solo (possibly with a limited number of tiles and/or meeples) and try to maximize your score. Two examples. The version in the Carcassonne iPhone game. Draw+place tiles with no meeples. Complete roads and cities of successively larger sizes starting at size 2 (features completed out of order do not count). There are a few ways you could score this. The iPhone game uses a method that may be too heavy for use by hand: tiles to compete scoring features are free, other tiles cost based on the size of the rectangle that encloses the area of play (cost=length+width after the tile is placed); you lose if the total cost exceeds 1000 before your size 6 road and city are built. For less bookkeeping, you could try to maximize the road+city size you build while minimizing the size of the area of play. 
958	boardgames	 This set of rules for Chinese Mahjong might be a little terse, but are essentially the rules I have always played with. The last chart gives a nice limited set of honor hands too. 
959	boardgames	 For example, on the Pegasus' various weapon stations, there is a result chart printed on the board. It covers the possibilities of getting a die result of 1-8, on an 8-sided die. But now suppose someone had played a Strategic Planning or Calculations card, adding +2 or +1 to the die roll, such that the die comes up a 9 or a 10. What is the result? The chart does not seem to cover this situation. A similar situation arises on New Caprica with the human vs Cylon conflict rules. 
960	boardgames	 Dork Tower #34: A Brief History of Gaming is a comic book featuring the early history of board games. John Kovalic is the author/illustrator (he is also a game designer) who created Dork Tower, a comic book that frequently features gaming of all kinds. 
961	boardgames	 Inspired by all the great answers to the similar question about Power Grid , I'd love to hear some suggestions for Brass . I picked it up a little over a month ago, and we've only gotten it onto the table once. We pretty much struggled through it (ultimately, only finishing the Canal phase). I now feel like we have a basic grasp of the game mechanics, but basically no clue about strategy. I know the rules have a whole page devoted to this, but I like bullet points! ;) 
963	boardgames	 Roll Through the Ages . This is a terrific civ game disguised as Yahtzee! It's a fun game in general, but I play it as a solitaire all the time on my iPhone. The app is a great deal at 5 or 6 dollars. In fact, I own only the digital version! But it's a great game in either form. 
964	boardgames	 I'd love to see a proper set of Merger &amp; Acquisitions rules for 18xx. I suspect I would start with something like this: Companies may buy each other's shares with company cash. Companies may not buy more than 20% of another company without making a takeover bid. To make a takeover bid, a company must have enough cash to pay current market-price for all the shares it doesn't hold. It first buys all shares of the target company that are not owned by players or other companies. If that gets them &gt;50%, then the takeover is successful. If it doesn't get them &gt;50%, then they offer current market price to the other shareholders. If enough accept to get to &gt;50%, then success, otherwise, they can raise the offer until they succeed, run out of cash, or give up. Any remaining shares are then forcibly bought at the highest price reached in the takeover auction. Once the company has been taken over, the new company has then eaten it. It can issue the share certificates of the takenover company as additional shares, diluting its own shareholdings. That's a hostile takeover system. A merger would go more like this: If two companies each own 20% of each other and both presidents want them to merge, then they should announce this. They need &gt;50% of the shares to vote in favour. Shares owned by each other automatically vote yes. There is now one, bigger company with all the station markers and trains. If there are rules on the maximum number of trains a company can own, then this company can own twice as many. Share certificates now represent half as large a percentage as previously. The two Presidents' shares are combined into a single certificate, so that shareholding isn't diluted. The new President will have to exchange some of his previous shares to get the shareholding right (ie Pres share is normally 20%, the President's certificate they had before is now only 10%, so they will have to hand over two other certificates to balance it out: if they don't have that many, then they can buy them from the company; it certainly owns at least 20% of itself). If both of the Presidents of the pre-merger companies have the same shareholding in newco, then they have to agree when they announce the merger. Any remaining shares that remain with the company after forced purchases by the new President and making change to the old President are now available to be bought on the open market. The new share price is the average of the share prices of the two old companies. 
965	boardgames	 500 if you have 4 players, its a card game with tricks. 
966	boardgames	 The river expansions, the wheel of fortune and other expansions all add their own sets of start tiles and blocks of tiles to the game. Are there good rules for combining these starting tiles? 
967	boardgames	 I've played chess since I was kid and after much practice have become a decent player. I still though, have little strategy to my opening moves besides starting with a King's Pawn Game . I know professional players and grandmasters have a large repertoire of openings they know. They also know a large number of responses to those openings. How important is knowing different openings when playing chess casually? 
968	boardgames	 Chess openings are very important if you are interested in winning games, as they are sets of moves that help develop your pieces quickly and gain some control of the centre of the board. Having a grasp of an opening sequence that your opponent doesn't know should give you an edge in the early game that you may be able to turn into a clear lead during the middle game. On the other hand, if you are playing against an opponent who doesn't know the opening then you may quickly find yourself in an unexpected position - so try to concentrate on learning a shallow amount of an opening. Finally the other thing to say is that some openings are a must know. See for example scholar's mate! 
969	boardgames	 The simplest solution would be to let the first player select a start tile at random from the pile. You can decide to ignore the other start tiles or let the players select them as alternative to a normal tile. 
971	boardgames	 Can a player reveal a Reaction card, such as "Secret Chamber", in response to the Minion action, even if the player who played the Minion chooses the +2$ option? 
972	boardgames	 Its far better to thoroughly understand a small number of openings than it is to mindlessly memorize a large number of openings. Frequently, if you know why a set of moves is considered optimal, then you're in a better position to adapt once the board gets "off the opening". However, if you have a wide set of openings memorized, you may find that while you are moving down your 'optimal opening', ready to transition to a strong midgame, your opponent may have other plans, and make a move that takes him off your chosen opening. Now frequently, there's a good reason why that move is not covered by your opening chart; that move may be terrible. But if you don't understand why that move is terrible, then you may not be able to take advantage of it, and if the other player improvises better/faster than you, you may find yourself at a disadvantage despite your 'superior' play to this point in time. Don't let that happen to you. 
973	boardgames	 Yes, you can reveal Secret Chamber in response to Minion no matter what. Secret Chamber is a Reaction that can be played in response to Attack cards, and Minion is an Attack card. The fact that the person played the card in a way that wasn't "attacky" doesn't change the fact that it is an Attack card. The same goes for Pirate Ship when using its +$ option. Yes, this makes Secret Chamber an amazing counter against Pirate Ship. 
975	boardgames	 Loans in Brass can be key to a successful game. Loans at the very beginning are very cheap to repay, where as loans later in the game can be very expensive. If you are likely to need a loan at any point during the game (which you almost certainly will), I would advise you to take the loan early. Some other pieces of advice I would offer. Try to get some level 2 buildings in place before the end of the canal phase. It will make your position stronger. Choose the buildings that offer the most strategic positioning as the ones to upgrade, if you can. If you opponents are fighting it out for the Shipyard pieces, try to concentrate on the cotton route. The level 4 cotton buildings give victory points of 12 each when flipped. Two of these give you a better return (for far less manoeuvring) than a single ship. If the iron or coal demand track has a few spaces empty, consider building immediately, to repopulate the demand track. You will potentially get the tile flipped immediately, and make some money for your troubles. Don't discount the idea of using two cards to place any industry on any city. Some will see this as a waste of a turn, but it can give you a tactical edge when there are few other options available. 
976	boardgames	 I like this idea. The ability to run out of tracks is not a key mechanic of (Age of) Steam, and adds some undesirable randomness, so I think it's expendable. The only thing to be careful about is not to place track piece types that never existed in the first place. Honestly, there are way too many straight and curved pieces anyway, at least in Age of Steam. Just take a permanent marker and draw new tracks on existing pieces as you need them. "Build sidewalks where people walk." 
979	boardgames	 Can't believe nobody's mentioned Cosmic Encounter yet. Works very well for 3-6, and the old 'kibitzer' variant from Mayfair adds a 7th moderately well. (But don't play Cosmic for two. In two-player Cosmic the objectives change for each player: they become 'go find another player first'.) Robo-rally works well from 3-8. Most of the Talisman-esque games work for a wide range too, but they're not exactly small to pack. Icehouse pieces are small, portable, and support several good multi-player or wide-ranging games: Volcano/Mega-volcano, IceTowers, IceHouse, Zendo come to mind as good examples. If you can still find it, Duel of Ages is a team game, is one of the few 3-6 player games which works just as well for 2, and it doesn't matter if the teams aren't balanced. (In theory you could play it with any number on each team, but in practice more than about 3 players per team is slower without being more fun.) Played right, Twilight Imperium works for 3-8, but it's definitely strongest with 5-6. And it's an FF big box game, so it's not small to pack. 
980	boardgames	 Descent is definitely the good current choice, especially with either of it's campaign expansions. (You don't need both campaigns; they largely overlap so one is enough, unles you play it roughly every night for a year.) Although, get one of the standard expansions Well of Darkness or Altar of Despair first; the campaign plays much better with the treachery cards from those expansions. For a simpler, faster (and harder!) option, Descent's 'kid brother' Doom can work well. (While we're on the family, Descent's older uncle Runebound is a bit less Hero-Questy but may still match what you're looking for.) 
981	boardgames	 There's the obivious one... " Are you the Traitor? " I find that newbies especially, will telegraph their own identity by their behaviour in the first 20 seconds. Asking about the traitor ===&gt; Guard. Asking about the wizards ===&gt; Keyholder. etc. So my suggestion for your own personal strategy is to form a habit (and importantly, be seen to form a habit) of always asking the same question (be it "Are you the traitor" or "Are you the keyholder") to all players in the same order. This stops them from gaining information from your question or question ordering. What you want to do is watch the reactions. For example, if you ask if Alice is the Keyholder, and she answers with an uncertain no, and Bob lights up and glances at the 2 wizards, its usually safe to accuse Bob of being the traitor (because he knows the keyholder, and now needs to signal evil wizard). The key to that game is not the question, or the answer; its regulating the flow of information by amassing as much for yourself as possible without revealing any of what you already know. Your goal is not necessarily to discover your target; your goal is to possess the sum of the public knowledge, while maintaining your monopoly rights on your private knowledge. 
982	boardgames	 Treat any result higher than an 8 as an 8. 
983	boardgames	 You can also hit up the Lexicanum for relatively detailed historical entries; just bear in mind that being a wiki, there is some information on there that is of disputed quality. 
984	boardgames	 I liked to play Concentration with my parents when I was a kid. It's entertaining and doesn't have complicated rules -- you just need to use your memory! 
985	boardgames	 For casual play, I don't think memorizing chess openings is all that important. However, studying and understanding why some counter-moves are appropriate for this or that opening may prove quite useful. 
987	boardgames	 In general, tactics focus on short-term, local results. The strategy should instead focus on your global, long-term objectives. This is why some tactically brilliant decisions (say, an effective surprise attack) can be, in the end, strategically detrimental. 
988	boardgames	 Laminate your boards, play with dry erase markers instead of tiles. Cuts the component count down a lot. PS: Be sure to document the legal types of tiles, unless you are also allowing arbitrary tiles as part of this change. I always hated finding out which tiles didn't exist just in time to need them :( 
989	boardgames	 Looked through the rules and found nothing on point. However, at the BSG Forums , it is commonplace to see folks treating a roll higher than 8 as an 8. There doesn't appear to be any dissent. I didn't see anyone disagreeing or challenging that assertion. Here is one example : Save nukes for when you really need them. Don't be afraid of throwing out a strategic planning card to thin some Raiders out too if possible. 
991	boardgames	 Ok, so I asked a question over at math.stackexchange.com to get some advise on how to analyze the various weapon development options (see How to analyze risk vs. reward for spending on research and development work ). Mike Spivey suggested using a decision tree, which I had some familiarity with from past classes in probability and statistics. In short, the decision tree calculates the expected value for spending 0 through 30 IPC on a turn for weapons development research. To construct this decision tree (see below), I made some assumptions: Heavy bombers are the only weapons development "worth" anything. In short, any money spent that resulted in discovering a tech other than heavy bombers was considered wasted. Discovering the heavy bombers tech is worth some amount of IPCs. Because this value may differ per player (that is, I may be willing to pay, say, 50 IPC to get heavy bombers while someone else may be willing to pay 100), I created an Excel spreadsheet where this "worth" could be plugged in and the expected value would be computed for spending 0 to 30 IPC on a turn for rolling for techs. Here is the decision tree I constructed to compute the expected values for spending 0 to 30 IPC in a turn, meaning paying for 0 to 6 rolls of the die. The expected value of one of the rolls is computed by adding together the value (the amount in the bottommost boxes) times the probability of getting there for a particular branch in the tree. I presume the player has a purse of 30 IPC at the start of their turn. For instance, if you do zero rolls (the far left branch) then you have an expected outcome of 100% * 30, or 30 IPC. In other words, you'll always end up with a purse of 30 IPC after the rolls. However, if you decide to spend money to do one roll then you have a ~2.75% chance of getting Heavy Bombers (1/36). Doing so yields a purse of 25 + X, where X is the "worth" of having heavy bombers. There is ~97.25% chance that you will not get heavy bombers, in which case you have a purse of 25 IPC. So the expected value of one roll is 2.75% * (25 + X) + 97.25% * 25. Of course, the actual hard number depends on X, which is what heavy bombers is worth to you. I created a very simple Excel spreadsheet that calculated all seven expected values for a given value of X, where X was a number in a particular cell. Using this spreadsheet I could play with X to see at what point it actually makes sense to roll for weapons development. The chart below shows how the expected value changes as the value of X grows. The X-axis shows the expected outcome for zero to six rolls. The series show how the expected value changes as the value of the heavy bombers tech (X) increases. Here I show the expected value for six different values: 45, 90, 135, 180, 225, and 270. Note how at a "worth" of 180, heavy bombers have the same expected value regardless of how many times you roll the die. If the value is lower, however, it makes sense to abstain from weapons development altogether; if its higher to you, spend every last penny you have on development! Personally, I think heavy bombers are not worth this much. 180 IPC is the combined budget of 5-10 turns. It is equivalent to purchasing 12 standard bombers. Forgoing any sort of unit procurement for that many turns, just to get heavy bombers, is a suicidal thought. In closing, keep in mind that this is a very simple model. It presumes heavy bombers are the only worthwhile tech. It does not factor in that if you discover other technologies, that the odds of discovering heavy bombers actually increase since if you roll an initial 6 you get to keep rolling for your discovered tech until you discover a new one. Also, the analysis presumes the player is in a vacuum of sorts and does not factor in that he must spend certain amounts of IPCs to hold his territories from the enemy, not to mention the monies needed to go on the offensive. 
992	boardgames	 1000x more important (and more fun!) than even studying theory is.. improving your tactics! The best place I know for this is chesstempo.com . You can easily get up to 1700~1900 USCF never learning any theory at all (casual players are usually 800~1400 ) , and I've even met a few players over 2000 (master level) who have never studied any theory! However, if you insist on studying theory, learn the barebone basics, then study endgames - knowing an opening might give you a slight theoretical edge going into the middlegame, but knowing an endgame could mean the difference between winning and drawing/losing . Remember, the winner is the person who makes the second-to-last mistake! 
993	boardgames	 Neither of my children liked to lose but for very different reasons. I used very different strategies to help each of them through it. My eldest took losing as an affront. It challenged his self-image. I followed the strategy of "always play my best" and by the time he was 7 or 8, he was beating me of his own accord and taking enormous delight from it. He doesn't mind losing either. I call that a success. My youngest daughter is less self-confident. Losing confirms her self-image. I try to let her win sometimes (without being obvious about it). As a result, she still loves playing games and is just now starting to win a few games for real. I expect that strategy #1 on child #2 would have put her off playing for life. Moral: Tailor your strategy for your child's personality. A last thought: My wife hates to lose and hates playing games as a result. I don't mind losing at all, but I absolutely love winning. My wife doesn't understand the distinction but I made sure that my children do. 
994	boardgames	 Wikipedia has the rules for Cripple Mr Onion , and there's also the (older, I believe) lspace rules for the game . The Terry Pratchett fan club "the Guild of Fans and Disciples" used to give new members a printed copy of the rules (the lspace version, I believe); I'm not sure if the organisation exists any more (their website is at Geocities, so...). The rules are too long to reproduce here, but as a summary of the game (loosely paraphrased from the above sources): Cripple Mr Onion uses two decks of cards (ideally one English and one French) and revolves around forming groups of cards which either sum exactly to twenty-one (an onion) or come close to this total without exceeding it. There is both a gambling and a non-gambling variant, and there are two forms of betting in the gambling game: "matching the Dealer's stake" and "raising the Dealer". 
995	boardgames	 The problem with the Kwabang attack is it can give the UK a decent foothold in Asia, as well as denying Japan some early IPC, and it really screws with Japan's starting strategies. Part of me wants to say, "Just ignore Kwangtung, go after Hawaii, and start grinding out transports and armor turn 2 for a mainland attack", but I think the Kwangtung attack swings things enough that you need to deal with it first turn. While 5 infantry plus 2 battleships against 1 infantry anywhere would normally be overkill, in this case I don't think it is, because: what else are you going to do with them? To successfully attack the Pearl Harbor fleet, I feel you should throw everything in your fleet and air force at it, and if you're already sending your bombers into China instead of Hawaii, and you probably want at least one battleship in Kwangtung for the bombardment, there's not much left you can send against the Pearl Harbor fleet. Sooo... finally to your question, where does that leave us? I guess it depends on what the US does. With an intact fleet, I think the US have two options -- harass Japan so they can't start a mainland invasion, or swing through the Panama Canal and support UK's landfall into Germany. If the US goes after Germany -- good news, it's not your problem, at least not directly. You'll just have to push hard into the mainland to advance into Russia, and find other ways to support Germany (ideally by eliminating the US and UK presence, setting up a mainland factory, and cranking out infantry and armor from the east coast of China). If the US uses their first turn to move towards you, their fleet can't make it to Japan in one turn, so you'll have a turn to buy units and bulk up. If you're playing with two-hit battleships, consider one; otherwise, consider subs and destroyers to counter their navy. You'll want to go after the US navy pretty fast, because they'll do one of two things: camp out in the Japan sea space, or start island-hopping with the UK to drain you of IPCs quickly. Oh yeah, as for Manchuria, if you think you can get away with it, leave one unit in Manchuria for the defense. Wow, that ended up being longer than I intended. 
996	boardgames	 Just saw a commercial for a game called Hedbanz on TV, looked like it could be fun. It's more of a card/party game. The gameplay is kind of like 20 Questions. 
998	boardgames	 In many games, such as Liar's Dice or On The Underground, there is an advantage to be had by sitting immediately after (in the turn order) the player who is least experienced or just plain bad at the game. Are there any widely applicable ideas for resolving this problem? Or, is there some house rule or variant that improves this aspect of a particular game? 
999	boardgames	 Given honest players, some of whom have a grasp of the game at hand and this problem, I have often found that simply seating players in order of skill/experience mitigates this problem somewhat. 
1000	boardgames	 I think you can't have a serious, cutthroat game with a wide range of skills, so relax. Gently coach the new players, but no more than they're willing to receive. Play a couple of dummy rounds for the new players and then restart if needed. If you're really serious, you can investigate ways to handicap the game, but that's really hard to do without ruining the balance of most games. 
1001	boardgames	 I think it really depends on the game and the situation. If I am new to a game, it doesn't really matter where I sit, until I become experienced enough to understand the positives and negatives of a seat position. If I'm just a bad player, well, then I am not in any better position no matter where I am. This being said, we try to shuffle seating regularly when playing several rounds of a single game. Depending on the game, we will also sit according to final score/placement, winner getting the first seat, then on down to the left. This helps with games like Puerto Rico and some other games that tend be a bit harder for those going first. 
1002	boardgames	 The great book New Rules for Classic Games by R. Wayne Schmittberger has some suggestions for different ways to play Trivial Pursuit. I think the best one is to add challenges . If you think another player has answered incorrectly, you challenge them and give your own answer. If you're right, you get a pie for the category you answered. Already have that pie? choose your colour. If you already have six pies, he suggests removing a pie from the opponent, but I think you might rather call that a winning condition. If your challenge is incorrect, he suggests losing a pie, but that will slow down the game. I suggest you just skip your next turn. Another option you might like is to play without the board. One suggestion in the book is called Going Out . Each player takes a stack of cards, maybe 24 high. On your turn, choose a category to start with, read the question aloud and answer it. Flip the card to check and discard it. If you were correct, answer the next category of the next card. If you were incorrect, it's the next player's turn. First player to discard their last card wins. If you want to be extra fair, give remaining players one more turn until you get back to the first player. You may need to have some kind of trivia shoot out to break ties. There are a bunch more options in the book, including Trivia Tic-Tac-Toe . It looks like it's out of print, but the Amazon page includes the "look inside" feature, and I just searched for "Trivial Pursuit" to find all these rules. I had to sign in first, your mileage may vary. 
1004	boardgames	 If there is too much of a difference between players such that winning is not an option for the "lesser" players, try to focus on having fun. The players won't return if they always lose. Another option is to team up. Make a team with a couple of an experienced players and a new player, so the new player can learn from the pro without the need to be beaten. 
1005	boardgames	 When designing a board game to publish on the web, what components are safe to assume that most people will already have in their collection? 
1006	boardgames	 I'll state the obvious ones: Chess Checkers Six-sided dice 
1007	boardgames	 chess checkers six-sided dice playing cards pen &amp; paper coins simple play pieces (meeples or other incarnations) 
1009	boardgames	 Another possibility is to eliminate the element of chance. Each player can move up to the number of empty spots (6 at game start) in any direction. Each time you got a piece this reduces the movement. If the movement is 0 you have won. 
1010	boardgames	 You don't need to memorise every opening move and variation to be able to play it - not for casual play at least. It's better to just play and get a feel of the different characters that varied first moves and common responses can give a game. You may find you enjoy losing games trying to crack a c4 first move more than winning with a King's Pawn game, and you'll learn to understand the opening better than you ever will by memorising the first X moves. And let's face it, for most of us the game isn't won or lost in the first few moves; there are plenty more opportunities for middle and end-game blunders. A world of experimentation and catastrophic strategic mistakes awaits! 
1011	boardgames	 There's always Settlers of Catan , with a 5-6 player expansion pack on hand. That covers 3 up to 6 fairly well. Carcassonne is good with 2-5, and the Inns and Cathedrals expansion takes it up to 6. I'm also a big fan of Scotland Yard which can adapt reasonably well to 2-6 players (although ideally with 3-6): 2 players: one player is Mr X, the other takes 4 detectives 3 players: one player is Mr X, two players take 2 detectives each 4,5 and 6 players: one player is Mr X, the rest take 1 detective each Scotland Yard is quite a bit of fun too. 
1012	boardgames	 pens/pencils paper dice playing cards coins 
1013	boardgames	 Power Grid is a strategy board game from Rio Grande games, designed by Friedemann Friese. It is suitable for 2-6 players, ages 12 and up. Players take turns bidding on power plants, buying resources to fuel those plants (coal, oil, trash or uranium), and buying stakes in cities for their power plants to power in order to generate revenue. Power Grid features multiple expansions (which are double-sided game boards with unique rules), such as: France/Italy China/Korea Central Europe/Benelux. Brazil/Spain &amp; Portugal In addition, an expansion deck of power plants is available. Power Grid's turn structure is arranged so that the person with the least amount of houses and lowest-numbered power plant gets to act first when buying resources and building in cities, to give them a chance at catching up; sometimes being in last place is a good thing. As the turns progress, other players can buy stakes in cities, but for an additional cost. The first person to build in a certain number of cities will trigger the end-game, and the person who can power the most cities in the end-game is the winner. 
1014	boardgames	Power Grid is a strategy board game from Rio Grande games, designed by Friedemann Friese. It is suitable for 2-6 players, ages 12 and up. Players take turns bidding on power plants, buying resources to fuel those plants, and buying stakes in cities for their power plants to power in order to generate revenue.
1016	boardgames	 Use Meeples Efficiently They're your only resource for scoring points, and they're a renewable resource. A good starting point for your 7 meeples would be: 3 for long-term goals: cloisters, farms, and large cities 3 for short-term goals: roads and small cities 1 in reserve for instant scoring Obviously, you have to tailor this for the game situation you're in. The general idea is to avoid tying up too many meeples on things that won't net you many points. Smaller roads and cities are easier to complete - score the points and put your meeple to work somewhere else. 
1017	boardgames	 One thing that we've tried with some success in my family is this: As soon as any team gets its sixth wedge, the regular part of the game ends and the final round begins In the final round, draw one card randomly and each team writes down its answers to the six questions on the card . When everyone is done, add the number of correct answers in the final round to the number of wedges acquired during the regular game. A perfect score is 12; whoever has the most points out of 12 wins. This way, you completely eliminate the mechanic of waiting for a lucky roll to land exactly on the middle spot, give teams that are behind a little bit of hope (but still a significant disadvantage), and prevent the game state from dragging on unchanged for any length of time. 
1018	boardgames	 Is it better to start with Wheat and Ore in order to rapidly upgrade settlements into cities, or is it better to start with Wood and Brick to build roads? 
1019	boardgames	 Just take a look at my own game here: 
1020	boardgames	 I would suggest trying to start the game by diversifying your resources and numbers. While I've started games without any access to brick, it usually limits my ability to expand, and keeps me from building out as fast as the other players. How you start affect what your going to do. You'll also have to select sites that are available, since no matter what order you place your settlements, you never get to cherry pick the two best spots on the board. Grain and Ore help you build cities, but you still need to get more settlements you can grow into cities. I prefer having access to grain, ore, and sheep on my better numbers, and having access to wood and brick on my slightly less common numbers. I try to diversify myself through expansion, although I will settle for multiple instances of a resource if the numbers are good, and there is easy access to a port for those resources. This is a game strategy though, and while you can win this way, it's difficult. For a beginning player, I would suggest making sure you have access to brick and wood. It helps you out immensely and doesn't make you feel stalled in the beginning part of the game. I like getting access to a 6 chit or an 8 chit with different resources for each of my initial settlements, but only if the settlement locations I'm taking look useful. Definitely avoid building your initial settlements on the coast if the location doesn't have a port. You're reducing the number of resource tiles you have access too, and don't get a port in return. As a note, I asked a very similar question when we first started the beta for the site, How do you place your initial settlements in Settlers of Catan? Once you've played your settlements, I suggest first getting new settlements before going to cities and development cards. Definitely though, if you have the resources to build a city, do it. While early expansion is good, using your resources before the robber comes and reduces your hand size is a much better strategy then throwing things you want away. 
1022	boardgames	 Nearly everybody has "play money" around in some form or another - from Monopoly, Life, or similar games Many households that lack a chess set will still have pawns from Sorry, Parcheesi, etc.. 
1023	boardgames	 In backgammon, there comes a time when all pieces have passed each other; there is no more interaction, you are simply rolling it out until you can bear off all of your pieces. If one player is well ahead of the other at getting their pieces into their home board and bearing them off, then it might seem pointless to keep rolling it out; it may well be impossible, or at least extremely improbably, for the other player to make up the difference. May the player who is behind resign in such a situation, or do they need to play it out in case of a gammon? And if they are allowed to resign, are there any good rules of thumb to decide when it's worthwhile to do so, and when it's worthwhile to keep playing? For instance, has anyone calculated out the possibilities such that you can say "if player 1 has started bearing off, and player 2 has x pieces outside of their home board, there is no possible way for player 2 to win." Or, has anyone calculated out the probabilities, such that you can determine based on the position that there's only a one in a million chance of winning, and it's probably not worth hoping for that, while in another situation, you might have 10 to 1 odds and it's worth seeing if you make it. edit to add: According to a thread on Backgammon Galore , along with their glossary , you can offer to resign with any outcome (backgammon, gammon, or a simple win). If you offer one of the lower outcomes (gammon or simple win), your opponent can refuse in order to take the chance at getting the higher outcome. Of course, this only applies if you're playing in a tournament, a rating system, or for money where the value of the win matters. So, I've answered the first half of my question, but I'm still interested in the second half; when should you resign? Are there any good rules of thumb, or has anyone done a statistical analysis, of what points in the game one player can be guaranteed to lose, or have such a low probability of winning that it's worth it to just resign? Are there any good ways to tell when you should offer to resign with a gammon? 
1024	boardgames	 Both strategies can be successful - as discussed in this question your strategy should be based on the initial settlements you are able to get. Roughly, if you have easy access to Brick and Wood, going for long roads and many settlements can be a good idea. On the other hand, if you have easy access to Wheat and Ore, you'll want to emphasize upgrading your settlements to cities. 
1025	boardgames	 In professional play I can't say but if it were just you and I playing then I'd say sure you could resign just to finish the game and start a new game. Is it possible that the losing player could win ... yeah but if it's such a remote possibility then I'd call the game just for the sake of entertainment (I.E. lets play again, it's boring just to finish the game out). As for a rule of thumb ... I'm not sure of the mathematical calculations, but from just playing a lot I tend to know when I'm beat. I'll keep playing but in my head I know that I've been beat so psychologically I throw in the towel and start thinking of new strategies for the next game. It's probably not the ideal mindset, but then again I don't play professionally, in tournaments or for money. 
1026	boardgames	 In Glory to Rome, if a player leads with a role, say Architect (using a Jack, as it is important to this example) can I follow with an actual Architect card if I either have no legal plays (all in-town sites are built or my stockpile is empty/not applicable to my under construction buildings) or if I want to perform no action other than to get an architect role into the pool at the end of the turn? (Specifically this is so I can patron an Architect to win the game through the Forum's special ability, and Architects don't make it/remain in the pool.) 
1027	boardgames	 As a counterpoint to ICodeForCoffee's answer: I much prefer having access to brick and wood on initial settlements. Initial brick and wood allow you to get to more positions on the map, to increase your ore and corn income. Initial corn and ore allow you to build cities, which get you... more corn and ore. If you start on corn and ore, you can find yourself locked out of the other resources (brick and wood) much more easily than if you start on brick and wood. 
1028	boardgames	 You can look at what the Cheapass games come with and what they suggest you borrow from other games. Typically they assume players have: Dice Pawns / meeples / etc Counters such as coins / beads / etc Pen and paper A stack of paper money 
1030	boardgames	 There is a prototype from Deep Thought Games named 1817 that has playtested rules for what you are looking for - plus a selection of really interesting stock market rules. I haven't yet played it myself, but I have ordered all the wooden tokens for making station markers and wooden cubes for loan markers. 
1032	boardgames	 What rule variations do you recommend for playing Axis &amp; Allies, from ones meant to balance the game to ones that add a little spice? Here are the variants I've played with - always looking for new suggestions! Russia cannot attack on first turn. Personally, I don't consider this a rule variation because I only play games where this is enforced. Bidding system for choosing Axis player(s) . Namely, the unit of currency is decided - IPCs or infantry or tech rolls - and then each player writes down how much of the currency they'd need to play Germany or Japan after which all players reveal their bids. The lowest bidders are awarded the Axis power(s) and are given their compensation, either before the game begins or at the start of their first turn. No economic victory for Axis. No new factories. This variation makes life very tough on Japan, especially if she has some poor luck in the Pacific to start the game off. Free weapons developments for Axis powers. Traditionally, Germany gets Jet Power and Japan gets Super Subs, but I've played where Germany and Japan can choose a technology of choice other than Heavy Bombers. Every country must spend exactly 5 IPC per turn to do weapons development. A somewhat silly variation, but invariably adds some twists to the game. Two hit battleships. This variation makes for an interesting opening game, strengthening the UK Sea Zone fleet, making it harder for the Allies to take out the German Mediterranean fleet, and giving Japan a little more of an edge in the Pacific. Are there any other variations you've played with that you'd recommend? 
1033	boardgames	 A variation on this rule occurred in a game we played last night. A rule was mis-interpreted while playing Brass. The move was discussed before the piece was placed to confirm it was valid, but later was found to be an invalid move as a supplementary rule clarified that move was illegal. We did our best to roll-back the move to make it as "fair" as possible. I would never see this happening in a tournament scenario, but then again, clarifications of rules would not be so subject to mistakes, and the judges rule is final would take over here. The general theme we have been playing however, is that a turn can be taken back, as long as no new information has become available. Privileges are allowed to be taken only if it does not affect someone else's decision (so simply forgetting to take £200 for passing Go, would be such a privilege we would allow to be back dated). 
1034	boardgames	 We long-ago made a set of 'random position' counters for games where player order matters; one with the name of each player in our group. Then we deal out the seating for the game at random. This doesn't solve the problem in any individual game, but on average everyone comes out even. Getting the worst player as in a good place for your or the best as your most-likely attacker becomes just another random factor of the game - in the long run, luck evens out. I don't know any games offhand that are absolutely ruined by this kind of position difference, unless the gap in skills is so great as to be a problem no matter what - in which case you might as well admit that and make it a relaxed teaching game. 
1035	boardgames	 I never played Magic. I briefly tried the original Vampire: The Masquerade (V:TM) themed CCG (Jyhad?). I had some Illuminati: New World Order (INWO) cards. I bought and listlessly toyed with a deck of the A Game of Thrones CCG. I really, really tried to like HeroClix. But every single time, the collectible element drove me away. I just couldn't see the merits of the game outweigh the pressure that random buys would put on my completist nature. Now, there are a number of games that seem to take the good parts of the collectible games and do away with the collectible part. Can anyone offer a compare / contrast thumbnail of what seem to be the big deck-building games out today? Dominion Thunderstone Ascension Nightfall I'm an experienced RPG and boardgamer, so it's not like I'll be put off by some complicated rules or emergent complexity arising from multiple card interactions. And it's not like I can't hit BGG for some reviews. I just want to know what these games share and how they differ. If there's another game like this, I'd be open to hearing about that, too. I'm not sure that the Fantasy Flight Games Living Card Games for A Game of Thrones and Call of Cthulhu qualify - aren't they just repackages of the old CCGs? 
1036	boardgames	 The card system that you describe is not just a variant, it is an official expansion, Catan: Event Cards , which includes not only the rolls (in the form of the totals with the appropriate distribution) but also red dice for Cities and Knights and a selection of minor game events. 
1037	boardgames	 This question is more of a wiki about what games would be fun to play at a baby shower. My wife is throwing one and the games are fairly boring. I was hoping I could help think of at least one, original, fun game for her and her friends. Any ideas? 
1038	boardgames	 If you have enough people, Werewolf (a.k.a. Mafia or Assassin) makes a great party game - it often reveals exactly what your friends think you are capable of! The 'turns' are fairly quick, so it works well with large groups (in the dozens) - although you might want to limit the length of discussion/argument in between! It also has the added advantage of not needing any equipment and as a by-stander to the party you'd make the perfect 'Narrator' (they moderate the game, rather than participating). From the wikipedia page: A party game modeling a battle between an informed minority and an uninformed majority. Players are secretly assigned roles: either "mafia", who know each other; or "townspeople", who know only the number of mafia amongst them. In the game's "night" phase the mafia covertly 'murder' a townsperson. During the day phase, all of the surviving players debate the identities of the mafia and vote to eliminate a suspect. Play continues until all of the mafia have been eliminated, or until the mafia outnumber the townspeople. A typical game starts with seven townspeople and three mafioso. EDIT : The thread ' Anyone know more 'social' games like 'Werewolves "' has a great list of similar 'party games'. 
1039	boardgames	 Most of my favourite games, such as Diplomacy , have little or no element of luck - either via dice rolls, hands dealt, or other methods. What other games can you recommend that rely on 'skill' alone? One game per answer, game name formatted as header and link to more information. Vote for your favourite if it exits already. 
1040	boardgames	 Chess Is an obvious and longstanding game of skill alone. 
1041	boardgames	 The LCG's aren't strictly "just repackages". While some of the cards are subtly modified from the CCG, they are essentially the same. The rules are the current CCG rules yet have new gameplay elements present. The most important distinction is there is none of the traditional CCG randomness to the Chapter Packs. They are fixed card packs used purely to customize or expand your game. However I would agree, in my opinion they are not "deck building" games (because you don't build a deck as a primary component of gameplay) but deck building is a component if the owner chooses to buy Chapter Packs. 
1042	boardgames	 Okay, I'll give it a shot. First, what they have in common: Static Cards : They are all static (meaning not CCG) card games. Some (Dominion and Thunderstone) have expansions, but none of them require collecting or hunting down 'rare' cards to make the game better. Victory Points : They all use a Victory Point system to determine the winner. This is called "honor" in ascension (I think) but in essence, its still victory points. The person with the most at the end wins. Flexibility in numbers :They are all flexible on the number of players: Ascension is 2-4, Thunderstone is 2 - 5 (or 6) and I think Dominion is 2 - 6. Not sure on the numbers exactly because Thunderstone has a nice single player variant, and both Thunderstone and Dominion can be expanded to include more players by playing with expansion cards. Now the differences. Deck Building : Dominion is focused on building a deck to buy victory points. While there are cards to interact and "attack" the other players, the game is centered around building a deck that will allow you to buy the most victory points. Thunderstone focuses on building a deck from a general pool of cards, and then using your hand to "defeat monsters in the dungeon", thus gaining your Victory Points from the defeated monsters. Some Victory Points can be purchased as well, but not usually enough to win the game, so defeating monsters is important to winning. Ascension is much more like Thunderstone than Dominion. In Ascension, you must also build a deck to defeat monsters to gain Honor (Victory Points) but unlike Thunderstone, the cards in the general pool are revealed one at a time. So you have a line of 8 cards, and when one leaves play (your deck, or the discard pile) another fills that spot. All are fairly easy to pick up, especially if you have played CCGs before or one of the above. Dominion is probably the most well known and most played, as it's been around longer and there are several (many...) expansions. I like them all and while I played Thunderstone first, then learned the others, I think that they all can be quite fun. Most game shops will probably have Dominion on their "demo" shelf. Several around here have Thunderstone and Ascension as well. 
1044	boardgames	 There's a style of game that Chess belongs to, as Jon already suggested, to which Go and Shogi and Checkers and Halma also belong. Modern family members are Khet and ZÈRTZ and I think most other members of the GIPF project. These games have in common that, other than in Diplomacy where you have the written orders, all information is openly visible - except of course the secret plans plotted by your opponent. They are also all fairly abstract games, in that they do not pretend to model any aspect of the real world. 
1045	boardgames	 Blokus A personal favourite, You could try it online here . 
1046	boardgames	 Endeavor I also prefer games that have little to no randomness. One of the best ones I've come across lately is Endeavor. Other than the initial tile distribution (which isn't tremendously significant, just changes it up a bit), there's no randomness at all. One of my favorite games right now. 
1050	boardgames	 Crokinole A dexterity game. 
1051	boardgames	 Chinese Checkers In the same vein as Checkers, but popular and distinct enough I felt it warranted its own post. 
1052	boardgames	 Sleuth A deduction game that uses cards, but they have small impact on the game, since you usually have plays that will be useful, and when you don't you can trade them all in. 
1053	boardgames	 Set No luck at all, just plain skill. 
1054	boardgames	 Since the edit, there are two parts to the remaining question: "When have you definitely lost?" and "How can you tell when you've probably lost?". The first is easier to answer than the second, so I'll start with that. The minimum you can roll on a go is a two and a one (note that a double one would give you four moves). The maximum is double six. So (assuming all pieces have passed each other) you can determine if you have definitely lost by assuming you will roll double sixes for the rest of the game, and assuming your opponent will roll two/ones. It would be really nice to include a formula here that takes pip count , piece count and whose turn it is, and computes if you've definitely lost, but such a formula escapes me. There are some situations that depend on more than these three variables - for example: In both these finishing positions the pip count and piece count are the same. However the maximum number of rolls to finish is two in the left hand picture, but three in the right hand picture. There are two main metrics of backgammon positions (other than pip count). These are the Thorp count and the Kleinman ratio. The Thorp count is calculated for each player as: Start with the pip count. Add 2 for each checker still on the board. Add 1 for each checker on the 1 point. Subtract 1 for each occupied home board point. If the player on roll's count is greater than 30, multiply by 1.1. There is an article here explaining how the Thorp count can be used to estimate the game winning probability. The Kleinman ratio is calculated as: where D is the pip count difference of the two players, plus 4 to compensate for the player on roll's additional pips; and S is the pip count sum, minus 4 to compensate for the player on roll. There is an article here explaining how the Kleinman ratio can be used to estimate the game winning probability. Finally there is an article here which overlaps the previous two, but which recommends using the Kleinman ratio over the Thorp count assuming you are able to learn a large table of logarithms! 
1055	boardgames	 *Star A strategy game that looks good too! 
1056	boardgames	 Another idea is to get rid of the board altogether and just try to answer a question of every category correctly. 
1057	boardgames	 Caylus The only random element within Caylus is the initial 6 buildings setup order. The rest of the game is pure skill. As with the Endeavor answer, there is a very very small advantage that may be had by going first with order of the buildings, but I think this adds more variety and skill to the game rather than luck. 
1058	boardgames	 A Game of Thrones To my knowledge the game has only 1 random event - flipping the Westeros cards. This randomness can be nearly entlrely removed via the optional "Westeros Phase" rule variant in the A Clash of Kings expansion (which allows you to see the results of the random card flip several turns in advance). Aside from the Westeros cards, everything is based on player skill. Games regularly feature numerous epic staredowns and healthy backstabbing. This game is based on Diplomacy (and in my opinion is much better). If you like Diplomacy you will probably love this one. 
1059	boardgames	 In the last Puerto Rico game I played I wound up with all corn. I tried to make this work with the following strategy: Office + large market + small market for income Harbor + wharf to ship all my corn for maximum points This didn't work as well as I had hoped. In particular, even with the markets my income was lower than any other players, so it took me a long time to build the other buildings I needed for this strategy. I didn't get the large building I wanted, and I never occupied it. At the end of the game I did have the most point chips of any player, but the other players more than made up for it with their large buildings and other bonuses. Is there an alternate strategy that would make all-corn a viable route to victory? 
1060	boardgames	 With most games of this type, the key to winning is balance. My Puerto Rico strategy is to think of the game in 3 equal strategic phases Phase 1 - get money Phase 2 - get money/VPs Phase 3 - get VPs You can make a corn only strategy work, but only if you are playing against below-par players. But to get money in phase 1, corn doesn't really help you. To be able to make victory points in phase 2 and 3, a corn only strategy really stops you from preventing your opponents from shipping. Whilst a Wharf will help you, it will not be enough to win in most cases. If you are playing against solid players, balance is the only option. I try to have 3 to 4 different goods being brought in, which gives great options for shipping and selling. 
1061	boardgames	 La Strada It's got a great diversity of initial setups, but once the game starts there's no chance at all. 
1062	boardgames	 Rumis (aka Blokus 3D) Like Blokus, no luck; an advantage to going first (more so than in Blokus), but a great game of strategy with simple rules but very interesting consequences. 
1066	boardgames	 I recently bought the Rio Grande/Alea Games Treasure Chest box set to get the Puerto Rico and San Juan expansions, but the boxed set comes with other expansions for games I have never played, and most likely will never play. I don't want to deal with the hassle of selling them on eBay, and want to make sure the expansions go to go homes, so are there any sites where users can list their haves and wants for board and/or card game trading? 
1067	boardgames	 I have never used the features there, but BGG has "haves/wants" features and from what I understand there is plenty of trading that occurs among users. 
1068	boardgames	 BoardGameGeek provides several ways to sell or trade boardgames online. The first is to simply list it as available for trade. Once you have an account on BoardGameGeek, at the bottom of every game page you can add the game to your collection (click on the "user info" link at the top to get there quickly; for example ). You can then click "add a copy to your collection" to list the fact that you own the game, and then fill in information on it; check boxes to indicate that you're willing to trade the game, fill in information on the condition of the game, etc. For games that you would like in trade, again go to the page for the game, go down to the "user info", click "record information", and check the "want in trade" box. Once you've filled in some games you have available for trade, and want in trade, you can try and find trades. Go to the "My Geek" menu at the top, and select the "Trades" option. This will bring you to the Trade Manager , where you can find potential trades and track the process of trades in progress. Click "Direct Matches" to find people who have games for trade that you want, and who want games that you have for trade. You'll likely get a long list of matches, telling you what games they want and what games they have. You can then propose a trade with them, which will send them a GeekMail proposing the trade, that they can accept or decline. If they accept, you work out the shipping details with them, and then send each other the games. If you leave games listed as available for trade, other people who find them through the trade finder may also initiate trades with you, so if you're hoping to trade some games, check back relatively often to see if you get any GeekMail with trade offers. There are also other ways to trade games via BGG. Some of the popular ones are "ultimate trades" and "math trades" . The principle behind both is the same, to try and create circular trades, though the mechanism is different. The idea is that if you have game A and want game B, you might not be able to find someone who has game B and wants game A; but there might be one person who has game B and wants game C, and another who has C and wants A, so you can do a circular trade, where you send A to the person who wants it, he sends C to the person who wants it, and that person sends B to you. Ultimate trades are generally posted as a GeekList , where someone starts the trade off by listing a game that he has for trade (so, it will start off as a list of one item). Then anyone who wants that game will come along, and post a new game that they would offer up for the original game (the new game should be of roughly equal value, or if it's a bit cheaper than you might also throw in a "sweetener" of a cheap game to even it out). This goes on, with each person in turn saying that they'll be willing to take the last item in exchange for a new one that they post. Eventually, the person who started the trade will see a game he likes, and close the loop by saying that he'll take that game. Then everyone shares shipping information with the person before them in the list, and sends their games to the people who claimed them. You can find examples of ultimate trades by searching for such GeekLists . Math trades are a generalization of ultimate trades. The problem with ultimate trades is that they'll sometimes lose steam before you complete a loop, and so you will never complete them; or sometimes people have games to trade but don't want to initiate an ultimate trade nor do they find an existing, open one with games that they want. In a math trade, each person lists one or more games that they have for trade. Once they've done so, a list of games available is compiled, and everyone lists, for each game they have available for trades, one or more games from the list that they would like in exchange. Once all of this information has been submitted, someone runs one of several tools that will crunch all of the numbers, and try and find a set of trades that will maximize the total number of trades completed. It may find one big circular trade, but more likely it will find several smaller cycles, that satisfy more people than one big circular trade would have been able to. Then you all exchange shipping information, and ship the games. You can find examples of math trades by searching for them . All of these trading methods allow you to leave feedback on the reliability of the person you're trading with, just like eBay. I've only done a few trades through BGG, but I've found everyone that I've dealt with honest and prompt about shipping their games. Finally, there is the BoardGameGeek Marketplace , where you can buy and sell games. If you list games for sale on there, they will appear on each game page, so people interested in the game can buy them quickly and easily. I have never used the marketplace, so I can't speak about it much, but you can find some more info on it on the BoardGameGeek wiki . And not exactly trade related, but similar, are the Secret Santa or other gift exchanges that go on. These are usually intended for new games (thus not directly relevant for trading purposes), but they are good ways for sharing your love for games with others. They will frequently be started as threads listing the rules for the exchange (the target price point for the games, any theme or other restrictions), and people can sign up to be given targets. It used to be run manually through GeekMail, but now there is a tool for creating and browsing gift exchanges , which can be private or public. 
1069	boardgames	 To improve, I'd like to read game records of professional players, and to understand these commentaries would be useful. Do you know if these game commentaries exist, and where I can find them? 
1070	boardgames	 Go Go is an ancient game; at least 2500 years old, and possibly as old as 4500 or more. Originally from China, it is now most popular, and professionally played, in China, Japan, and Korea, though there are strong and growing amateur communities in Europe and the Americas. Go is a simple, pure abstract strategy game, with no element of luck or hidden information. The rules are quire short and simple; the simplest expression of the basic rules is 10 sentences long, though rules that cover a few extra conventions for ending the game sooner and making scoring easier, and provide more detailed explanation, are a little longer. Despite the simplicity of the rules, it is extremely strategically deep. The starting player has a slight advantage in Go, which would give a slight luck-based advantage to who goes first, but because winning is based on total territory scored, you can even that advantage out by giving the second player a few extra points ; generally somewhere between 5 and 8 extra points, with the number having drifted upwards a little in recent years as people have discovered that the original amount was still a bit too low. One of the great features about Go is that it allows you to play handicapped games against strong or weaker players. By letting one player start with a few extra stones on the board, you can even out a difference in skill, and still have an interesting game even though one player is considerably stronger than the other. This is great for small clubs or tournaments, when you don't have enough players of roughly equal level to compete against each other; instead you can play handicap games, and everyone has a chance to win while playing at their own skill level. Go is a beautiful game, with a great balance between whole board strategy and local tactical battles. It has been studied deeply for centuries, and new innovative ways of playing are always being discovered. In recent years, mathematical analysis of the endgame using the theory of surreal numbers has yielded insights that have helped even top professional players, who have devoted their life to learning the game, and have teacher lineages going back hundreds of years. I could wax poetic about Go for hours, so I'll stop here, and invite you to check it out. The Wikipedia article gives a good overview, while Sensei's Library is a wiki devoted to Go. There are hundreds of books on Go , a manga and anime series about it , professional players and teachers, schools devoted to teaching young Go players, servers for online play , Go clubs all over the place, and more. 
1071	boardgames	 The simplest ruleset is Hong Kong Old Style (HKOS). It has simple scoring and very few special hands. Other forms may have few special hands but complex scoring - or simple scoring but many special hands to learn - or complex scoring and many special hands to learn (like American Mahjong). If you want even simpler rules, have a look at these ultra-simplified Chinese rules . They even omit Kan and most of scoring, so you can understand and explain them in a few minutes. From experience I would say they are a good way to start. Once you got the basics, you can gradually add more rules of the HKOS set, and eventually also have a look at other rulesets. One thing I especially like about the ultra-simplified rules is how scoring works: Whoever won gets a chip or a coin from everybody. Or just use the "ooh and aah" method. When somebody wins, everybody goes "ooh." You can keep track of score on a piece of paper too. Make a tick mark next to the winner's name. Whatever works for you. If you want to make things really exciting, award an extra chip, coin, or "aah" for a pung of dragons or winds. If you want to recognize dragon or wind pungs for all players (not only for the player who goes mah-jongg), you can do that. It might be possible for a non-winning player to get a higher score than a winner, if you allow this. But that's OK, if you like it that way. 
1072	boardgames	 Dungeon Twister An unusual 2-player dungeon-crawl game. Some luck in the initial setup (the board is random), but pure skill once the game starts. Looks like Descent, but plays nothing like it - it's a game of positional advantage and smart maneuver. Has a simple and effective handicap system - which is needed, as experience pays off in a big way. 
1073	boardgames	 Icehouse Seeing as Brian added Go, I'll get ahead of him on Icehouse for once. A turnless game of pure skill and diplomacy. (Also consider IceTowers and Zendo, which use the same pieces.) 
1074	boardgames	 Actually, there is an (unlikely) situation when the sabotage run is strategically sensible: When the fighters are of no value to you, you might as well throw them away on the off-chance. This could happen if you're definitely about to lose the carriers/fighter bases, or if the war sun's about to do something that will lose you the game - you might as well go for the long shot. (Never seen a situation where it makes sense happen though. But we always allow the optional rule. Many Star Wars fans in our group.) 
1075	boardgames	 Homeworlds Homeworlds is an Icehouse game about space conquest. In the multi-player game , there is hidden information about who is good and who is evil, and thus there is a certain element of luck in your guess about who is who. In the two player game , however, there is no luck; it is a pure abstract strategy game. To quote Andy Looney on Homeworlds : I really like John Cooper 's Icehouse game , Homeworlds . I think it's one of the very best Icehouse games we currently have. It's elegant and exciting, it looks great on the table, it's different every time, the theme rocks, and it makes excellent use of the pyramids. One of my criteria for a perfect Icehouse game is that it offer deep strategy while using little or no equipment other than the pyramids, especially including using the table itself as a featureless gameboard. Homeworlds is a perfect Icehouse game. ... Where Chess is an abstract pure strategy game representing medieval warfare between kings, Homeworlds is an abstract pure strategy game representing interstellar warfare between planets. In both games, complicated forces have been reduced to elegant icons, but where Chess is played on a restrictive, 64-square grid, Homeworlds creates a free-form, dynamic space-map out of any plain surface. Whereas Chess was a game played by Renaissance Kings, Homeworlds is a game for Starship Captains. 
1076	boardgames	 Steam The only luck element is the initial distribution of goods, but it's shared by everybody equally and I think it helps replayability. Also the initial turn order used to auction the real first turn order. After that it's all there on the table, no more luck! Age of Steam has much more luck, with semi-random goods going to the cities during the game. 
1077	boardgames	 Full Métal Planète Wargame reimagined by boardgame designers! Combat involves absolutely no luck: Two attackers will clean out any enemy piece, no questions asked. There is one small element of luck though: The tide, which impacts the board layout. However as long as you keep your weather-predicting piece, you know the tide for the next turn, so this mitigates luck down to almost nothing. 
1079	boardgames	 My friend and I have played about a dozen games of Roma , and it seems pretty consistent that the player with the most forum cards wins. They're just the fastest way to collect victory points. Has anybody successfully fought back against a player who has more forum cards? 
1080	boardgames	 I.e., Do you: Roll reinforcement die, and add troops to make the short fall? Declare the number of troops you're using, and use the reinforcement die in an attempt to bolster your numbers? 
1081	boardgames	 There's a great book called Super Party Games that describes a bunch of games that can be played by groups of 10 or more. I generated a set of puzzles for one of the games described in the book. Each player is given a sheet of paper that they tie to their forehead where they can't see it. On each sheet of paper are three letters, and you have to arrange yourselves to spell out a secret quote without telling anybody what letters are on their heads. You can download the puzzles and print out one of the puzzles for your group size. If you don't mind being excluded from the game, you could find a quote related to babies and make your own puzzle for the people at the party to play. 
1082	boardgames	 I think that in general Codemwnci's answer is a good one (+1), but I think the one thing missing from the discussion is that the game length in Puerto Rico is variable. If you are playing with only corn, but other people are also aiming to ship large quantities of goods then the game may end earlier than usual due to lack of VP chips. One way to try to improve your chances is to encourage others to invest in shippable goods, and also the other wharf/harbour. Sidenote: Whenever someone seems to be going for an all out corn strategy I feel obligated to quote Teen Girl Squad - "It's Corn and Corn Alone Day!" . In my experience this starts to get thin on the third repetition. 
1083	boardgames	 The reinforcement die with Berserk provides a "discount" on the number required to take a given territory. It's just like a reinforcement roll at the end of a regular turn. That means you must be able to take the territory with your available troops plus 3. Example: You've got 5 counters and you want to take a territory that's got 2 counters on it and a mountain. That's 5: - 2 for any space - 2 for the counters - 1 for the mountain You roll 2 reinforcements. You take the territory with 3 counters. That leaves you 2 counters. If you now wanted to take an identical territory, it would be your final attack, because you would now be making an ordinary reinforcement roll at the end of your turn - because you couldn't take the territory if the reinforcements fail you. 
1084	boardgames	 The rules say: Roll the die first; select the Region you wish to conquer; then place the required number of Race tokens (minus the die results) there. Since you roll the die even before you decide what to attack, it would seem very unlikely that you'd need to determine the number of attackers beforehand. This is further bolstered by a thread at the BoardGameGeek forums where a lot of Small World rules clarifications posted by the game developers are gathered. This is what it says about Berserk : You may roll the die once per attack. First, you roll the die. Then you choose an adjacent territory. Then, you deploy your tokens. (emphasis added - ErikP) About the final roll, there is a very important sentence in the rulebook, in the "Berserk" section: "If you do not have enough tokens left, this is your final conquest attempt for the turn." This sentence means that there is no "end-turn" die. For each conquest you roll the die and select your region: if you do not have enough tokens left, then your turn is over. You are not allowed to re-roll the die. 
1085	boardgames	 I've been playing a fair amount of Carcassonne with the basic tiles and the original River expansion. What other expansion packs will add a bit of variety to the game but without changing the character too much? I've heard Inns and Cathedrals is pretty good but don't know about any of the others. I'm especially interested in any that work well with 2 players. 
1086	boardgames	 Carcassonne is one of the most expanded board games around. Last time I checked there were 8 full expansions, and 10 mini-expansions. The River is an example of a mini-expansion, and Inns and Cathedrals an example of a full expansion. I have only played a few of these expansions, so cannot offer my view of them all, but when choosing an expansion, I went for Traders and Builders . It adds a little more dynamism to the game by encouraging cities to be completed sooner, and makes farming more beneficial. This generally suits my preferred style of game, which is why we bought it. The other expansion bring different dynamics to the game. I would encourage you to check out the link below, and see which one sounds good to you, and hopefully others who have used other expansions can tell you their findings as well. A full list can be found here . 
1087	boardgames	 Carcassonne: Traders &amp; Builders The chance with the builder to draw two tiles can make a huge impact on the game so it adds a dimension all on it's own. I however personally prefer not playing with the Traders part (the cloth, wine and grain tokens) just the builder and the tiles. Carcassonne: Bridges, Castles, and Bazaars Bridges makes for some interesting escapes and castles is a new fun thing to do with those small cities. As above I preferably skip parts of this expansion which is Bazaars (tile auction). Carcassonne: Inns &amp; Cathedrals Pretty straight forward expansion that adds Inns (a road with an inn somewhere along it's path is worth 2 points when complete (0 if left unfinished) per tile. Cathedrals are in cities and makes the city tiles worth 3 points if completed (0 if not completed) per tile. Great ways to remove others points if drawn late in the game. Also the big meeple/guy is in here iirc. Carcassonne: The River II This one, unlike first expansion can split and create two streams. Finally I just recently started added Carcassonne: The Cult to my bag. Works just like cloisters but if you put it next to a cloister only the one scoring first gets any points. So far it's fun but it's only some 5 tiles or so. 
1089	boardgames	 Presumably you would trade in tiles if you thought you would get in one turn, after trading, more than what you'll get in the next two turns without trading. But then, maybe you should make defensive plays even in some of those situations? 
1090	boardgames	 Stratego Stratego may seem like a slightly strange choice since each game involves a completely a hidden setup, but it's a setup entirely devised by the opponent with distinct strategies, counter-strategies and bluffs available. If there's an element of luck it's in trying to guess your opponent's approach to a setup, but there are no dice rolls for combat or drawing of positions involved. First-move advantage is also minimal, and certainly seems less important than in chess. 
1091	boardgames	 One game that has "not yet had time to, but..." has the seeds of depth is Settlers of Catan . It's too new to really have the depth of community analysis we're talking about here yet. Yet it does have an entrenched and widespread community, multiple (electronic and board) reimplementations, and the strategic depth to support serious analysis. (For example, a moment's web search reveals numerous articles on the mathematics of resource exploitation.) I'll be interested to see where it is in thirty years. 
1092	boardgames	 Not a two-player game, but don't miss Space Alert. It's a high-pressure game of cooperation and coordination (4-5 players cooperate to defend their spaceship). The challenge comes from the need to coordinate actions under tight time pressure. (If one player fires the main starboard gun four moves in a row to fend off a threat, someone else had better have thought to go down to engineering and divert power to recharge it... or come order resolution, it's going to go 'pffft' instead of 'zap'.) It's like playing RoboRally while trying not to bump into the other players... but with no time to talk over all your moves in advance. Has a group scoring system too; you're encouraged to keep track of the group's triumphs and deaths for future comparison. Level of difficulty is higly customisable; more so than in Pandemic. 
1093	boardgames	 When I'm hosting a large party I also find it's useful to have several different fast 4-15 player games out, so that people can circulate in and out of game-playing and casual conversation. With that in mind: I'd start with Apples to Apples. 
1094	boardgames	 It's definitely situational, and I wouldn't call myself "great", but I have traded in tiles before, for a number of reasons -- I'm behind, and I have a hand full of either all vowels or all consonants (usually all consonants) I'm one letter away from a bingo, and I've calculated that I have a good chance of drawing that letter. For me, using or blocking a triple-word-score tile trumps swapping in tiles, but if I have a really bad hand, swapping tiles is always an option, especially if I can't block the triple-word or worse, even use low-point tiles on it. From the tournament reports I have read (or the article "830! How a carpenter got the highest Scrabble score ever" , trading in tiles is a not-uncommon occurrence if you think you can get a better word out of it, especially a bingo. In fact, according to the article: Cresta then traded in all seven of his tiles in the hope of getting more-playable letters, not an unusual move. 
1095	boardgames	 Is one player allowed to build the same building more than once in Puerto Rico? If so, do the bonuses stack, so that a player building both Large Markets would get +4 for trading? I wasn't able to find anything in the rulebook that specified this either way. My play group ruled that you can't build the same building multiple times, on the grounds that some of the bonuses seem overpowered if you can double up on them (e.g. Harbor), and other bonuses make no sense if applied more than once (e.g. Construction Hut). Is there any official rule on this? 
1097	boardgames	 According to the rules for the online version on BrettspielWelt , "no player may build a building more than once." And you can confirm this by looking at the official rules from Rio Grande , page 8: For all buildings: - Each player may build each building only once. 
1098	boardgames	 I'm pretty sure there's no official rule, but increasing the victory point target seems basically mandatory if you want the whole game to develop. 
1099	boardgames	 The only expansion I have besides the original River is Inns &amp; Cathedrals, but I'd say it's a necessity. In addition to ramping up the stakes and adding some interesting tiles, it adds the big meeple, with adds a lot of fun to hostile takeovers. 
1100	boardgames	 The rules for Seafarers (pdf) do not address combining the two expansions. The rules for Cities and Knights (pdf) do address combining the two games (page 13), warning that only certain scenarios work well, and providing rules for things like how to treat ships as roads and how a knight can chase away the pirate. They do not, however, specify how many victory points to play to. The FAQ on combining the two expansions addresses a few questions, but not the victory point question. There is a thread on BoardGameGeek about combining the two expansions, in which two separate people mention that the official rule is to add 2 victory points to the Seafarers scenario if you're playing with Cities and Knights. According to Daniel Johnson: Also, Klaus Teuber's website has a FAQ at with a few questions that might not be answered by the Almanac. ... 2. The victory point goal should be 2 more than in the Seafarers scenario. Sadly, the site linked to seems to have been reorganized, and that link just redirects to the home page of catan.com . However, this seems to be the best answer that is available so far; to add two victory points to the conditions listed in the Seafarers scenario. I have never tried this, as I tend to prefer not to combine expansions in games. I find that in general, combining too many expansions makes a game bog down too much. I love Seafarers, and find Cities and Knights nice too, but combining them would just add too many extra things to think about, and too many confusing interactions (like this one) that need to be answered in separate rules, FAQs, and the like. 
1101	boardgames	 Share in other people's structures If you can persuade other players that you're working with them on a structure (usually a city), then you can get all the points for half the effort. * For example, in a three player game, if you score 10 point for a city with opponent A and 10 points for a different city with opponent B, then you score 20 points in total, leaving them on 10 points each. * It's possible to put in less than half the effort - just one tile could suffice. 
1102	boardgames	 Place your meeples so you'll get them back quickly Try to maximise your meeples throughput i.e. don't place them on tiles where you won't see them again until the end of the game. My tips: Cities that you you can complete easily. Avoid having two meeples in cities where you'll need the same tile type to complete them (unless you're hoping to steal some city points from someone else) The same with roads: it's rarely worth having 2 on the go at once, since you'll very likely only be developing 1 at a time Monastries are great for the start of the game, not always so good at the midpoint if you won't get the meeple back, but can be useful again in the last few moves Don't worry much about farmers for the first quarter of the game until a few cities have taken shape. Always keep one meeple for quick "place and score" wins, like 4-point cities and short roads The basic principle is you want each meeple to do as much work as possible rather than being stranded on incomplete towns, roads and monastaries or farming an area that will never be developed. 
1103	boardgames	 In Glory to Rome, I find the general answer to "Can I do X?" questions is yes. Your question follows that pattern, or else I'd be very surprised for this reason: If you were forced to have a valid move at the time that you followed, then you could never really follow a legionnaire, because you might have your hand reduced to nothing but jacks, in which case you couldn't actually demand anything. 
1104	boardgames	 So, this is not really a board or card game, but I think it could be fun for you to do. At one of my friend's baby showers, they played this game where they removed the labels on a few jars of baby food. Then, each guest (that wanted to play) had a taste from each jar. The goal was to try and correctly guess the type of baby food in each jar. And, they gave the winners - the top 2 or 3 people with the most correct answers - some prizes. Like I said, not a BCG, but could definitely be fun, and memorable... 
1105	boardgames	 There's a wonderful free party game called a number of names, including Eat P**p You Cat which is best described as the love child of Pictionary and the telephone game. The game is hilarious and requires only pencils and paper for each participant. It requires no skill and can be explained in two minutes. 
1106	boardgames	 Yes, you bet. Read some of the books - Word Freak is a fun one. If you aren't going for bingos, you should be - if you can't get play the tiles in your hand that are keeping from getting a bingo, dump 'em. 
1107	boardgames	 What card games work well with a large number of players (say 6+ players) and only require a standard pack of playing cards? I'm particularly interested in games where the rules can be explained fairly quickly, but there is still a reasonable level of tactics. Also it would be preferable if the game can be played in a single room. One game per answer please. 
1108	boardgames	 If you have enough players (8+) you can play werewolf with playing cards: Clubs 2-9 == Wolves Hearts 2-9 == Villagers Jack of clubs == Hunter Jack of diamonds == Thief Queen of hearts == Cupid Queen of spades == Witch King of diamonds == Seer Ace of Spades == Mayor marker 
1109	boardgames	 Yes, most definitely. A good write up on exchange strategy can be found in Joe Edley's book Everything Scrabble , pg. 89 and following. Tournament players do exchange significantly less than they did when Everything Scrabble was first written, since the recent (well, not that recent any more, 2006) addition of and to the official Scrabble lexicon have made moves like exchanging only Q less favorable statistically. However, good players will also know when it is right to "fish," that is, make a nearly worthless play to get rid of certain tiles in order to greatly increase their probability of bingoing on the next turn. A great way to get some idea of the frequency with which championship players exchange is to look at some of the games from board 1 of the most recent National Scrabble Championships; all of the games are online in turn by turn form here . Many of the words in these games will be unfamiliar, but if you want an idea of what great Scrabble players do, that would be the best place to start. Also, you should note that the best frequency with which players should exchange is going to depend on how large Scrabble word knowledge is (which is almost completely unrelated to your vocabulary). In other words, based on the words that you know, how soon will you be able to turn your rack into a bingo rack? If you can't see yourself doing that in the next two or three turns assuming average draws, then you should probably exchange. The other time to exchange is if any legal play would make your rack worse. For instance, if your opening rack is , your best play by far is . Doing so will give you a 95.7% chance of having a bingo on your rack the next turn, and probably even greater than that of bingoing, depending on what your opponent plays. 
1110	boardgames	 Mercator is usually a sure fire way to beat a forum machine, but there are defenses against that too. (Siccarius and Gladiator both do very well.) If you Haruspex the Mercator and you have a Consiliarius and/or Scaenicus in play you can usually win handily against a forum machine. This will usually force your opponent to play offensive with Legionarius and the like. (The money you use to buy VP can quickly turn against you if your opponent gets decent draws - but they have to realize it and stop spending their action dice on VPs and draw cards or else they will likely lose.) The Mercatus though isn't so good since you only get points for the # of forums your opponent has, while your opponent is typically generating more VP than they have forums on average. It could be good in some situations but I personally have never seen it shine. (Forgive my spelling of card names, I don't have them at hand to verify.) 
1112	boardgames	 I'm working on a board game called Farlanthia: Lords of War . And I need some help with resolving diplomacy during play. My original idea was to have Diplomacy be a form of "attack" like in RISK. This would force another player to perform an action (like a trade, or peace treaty, etc.) The idea is that each "season" you would send a diplomat to court, and politics would play out. Sometimes things go your way, sometimes they don't. This would allow me to use modifier cards (say, you have as prisoner a general from the other player, this would give you +2 in diplomacy with them). However, as was pointed out on BoardGameGeek this isn't optimal for everyone. So I'm considering adding in a voluntary portion where if both parties agree to the treaty at hand, it goes into place without die rolling. Thoughts? I'm just not sure how to arbitrate the rules of diplomacy during an otherwise concrete game if the diplomatic actions aren't just as concrete. Thanks, [EDIT] (Cross-posted to GameDev in case it isn't appropriate for here.) 
1113	boardgames	 One game I have played in the recent past that had an "attack via diplomacy" mechanic was Cosmic Encounters . In that game, any "main" player (i.e., attacker or defender) can play either an "attack" card or a "negotiate" card. If both players play attack, then they resolve using the relative value of the cards. If they both play negotiate, then they have 60 seconds to conclude a peace deal on terms acceptable to both, or they suffer the consequences for failure (ship loss). Finally, if only player plays attack and the other plays negotiate, the attack player automatically 'wins', but the negotiate player is entitled to draw "compensation" from his attacker, taking from his hand a card for each of his ships that was lost as a result. I'm not suggesting that you rip off their mechanism wholesale, but it may serve as good inspiration to flip through the rules of that section, as they do lay out the terms for successful negotiations and the like. 
1114	boardgames	 A question to consider is whether diplomacy should even be something that is directly handled by the game mechanics, or something that happens purely through negotiation between players with game mechanics that encourage negotiation. A great example of this is, of course, Diplomacy . There are no mechanics directly related to diplomacy (nothing that says you're in a treaty, or that diplomacy was successful or not), but the fact that moves are submitted simultaneously, and that you generally need support from multiple armies in order to take territory, means that you need to ally with other players in order to get ahead, and you need to place a certain amount of trust in them that they will do what they say; and those facts means that there are complex, shifting alliances throughtout the game, backstabbing, and negotiated two or three way wins at the end. Another good example of this style of encouraging diplomacy and backstabbing is A Game of Thrones . Beyond simultaneous movement mechanics, another way to encourage diplomacy without adding it explicitly to the game it through trading. If people are able to trade resources at some point in their turn, like in Settlers of Catan, then they may be able to negotiate a non-aggression pact and/or trade some resources, giving the players who negotiate such a pact an advantage over the other players in the game. I would be wary of making diplomacy be something you roll for. It's very easy to add too much rolling for action resolution to the game. People will wonder when playing "why can't I just negotiate directly, why do I have to roll randomly to negotiate, even when what I'm proposing is directly to the advantage of both players involved?" Try to make the diplomatic aspect more of an emergent property of your game, which comes about not because of explicit rules, but because it's the most sensible way to play the game, and I think your players will enjoy it much more. 
1115	boardgames	 The best large-group card game that I know of is Up and Down the River , which Wikipedia knows as Oh, Hell . I find the rules given by Wikipedia to be confusing, though, and found a better set here at eHow . (Note that both of these rulesets differ slightly from the version I'm familiar with, as there are endless variants of most of these games.) 
1118	boardgames	 Many poker variants, including the very popular Texas Hold'em , can support a large number of players. In Texas Hold'em, each player is dealt only two cards of their own, there are 5 community cards, and 3 burn cards, meaning that you could in theory support 22 players if you deal out all of the cards, though generally you play with 10 or fewer players on a table, maybe up to 12 or so. It does require something to bet with—chips, pennies, stones, dried beans, or any other form of counter—so it can't be played with just a deck of cards, but usually it's pretty easy to find some kind of betting counters. If you don't like gambling, you can play it as a tournament, in which each person gets a fixed number of chips and the last player left with chips wins. 
1119	boardgames	 Some of my (7yo) son's and my favorites: Go : A 2-player strategy game with a built-in handicapping system. Within the first week or so, my little guy was able to hold his own with the greatest handicap applied to him, so it kept things fun for both of us. Rummy : A traditional card game played with a single deck. While not intensive strategy-wise, there is enough there to keep it fun even for adults. I may be biased: I grew up playing rummy with my brother and grandmother. :) Chinese Checkers : Everybody loves checkers, right? Dominoes : Like rummy, dominoes employs a balance of luck and strategy that gives everyone a chance to win (and a chance to lose) regardless of age. Mancala : Though only for two players, this is a fun strategy game that is simple to learn. Scrabble : In our house, younger players may play on a team with an older player, or get a limited number of poker chips or other counters at the beginning of each game which may later be traded for peeks at the dictionary for help choosing a word. Clue : Some strategy involved, and some luck. Great for teaching deductive reasoning. Operation : Being grown-up doesn't make your hands any steadier! 
1120	boardgames	 I really like Twilight Imperium (3rd edition), but I haven't really enjoyed my time playing it due to the long playtimes. I've played one 4-player game, two 6-player, and one 8-player game. The shortest game was the 4p - it clocked in at 6.5 hours. And that was with experienced players. I don't feel like anyone had serious Analysis Paralysis during the game but approximately one hour per full game round is just ridiculous. One option is to play the variant where everyone starts with several systems (neighbor systems are just given to you for free). I do enjoy the early expansion part of the game, so I'm leery about trying that. Are there any other suggestions for speeding up play? 
1121	boardgames	 In game theory, a zero-sum or constant-sum game is a game in which there is a single constant payoff that will be divided equally between the players; in order for one player to get a better result, one or more other players have to get worse results. For instance, in many games, there can be one winner and everyone else loses; there is a single "win" available. In others, you might have draws, but a draw could be considered as all of the given players splitting the win equally; for instance, in chess, a win is 1 point, a loss 0, and a draw 0.5 for each player. In some games, like poker, that constant payoff to split is 0; in order for one player to make money, another has to lose money. A cooperative game is not be zero-sum. There are two possible outcomes; either everyone wins, or everyone loses. Thus, from the perspective of game theory, there is one outcome in which the total payoff for the players is greater than in another outcome. However, this is somewhat trivially non-zero sum; there aren't any interesting decisions that affect how much the total payoff is. Poker played at a casino, likewise, is non-zero sum as you are always losing the rake to the casino; but again, it's not in an interesting way as you don't make any interesting decisions that affect the total value of the game. Note that all of these non-zero sum games could be made zero-sum if you consider the game itself or the house as a player; then there is one "win" split between the players and the game, or one pool of money split between the players and the casino. This is true of any non-zero-sum game; you can always posit an extra hypothetical player, or consider the interests of the house, whose gain or loss is the negative of the gain or loss of the players of the game. But it's still interesting to consider games as non-zero sum from the perspective of the players themselves. So, are there any games which are non-zero sum in an interesting way? That is, in which players have to make interesting decisions during the game, that affect the total payoff of the game. For instance, a game in which, depending on the action of the players, the outcome could be that one player gets 10 points, or two players each get 8, or three players all get 7 points would be non-zero sum game; the total value of the game depends on decisions that the players make within the game. A game like Shadows over Camelot, which will randomly be zero-sum or non-zero sum depending on whether there's a traitor, isn't really interesting as the actions of the players don't affect what the possible payoffs are, only a random card chosen at the beginning affects this. I am only interested in actual fun playable games, not hypothetical mathematical examples, and only interested in how games are actually played in practice, not hypothetical tournament setups that you could play; in almost any game with a variable score, you could institute a system in which your absolute score in the game was used in the tournament results, but that's not the way that most tournaments I've seen are played. I want to know about games or tournament structures that people actually play. Note that in order for this question to even make sense, there may need to be some kind of external value associated with the game; some metagame that the game is played within, such as a tournament or ranking system, or a gambling game in which the players in an individual game may wind up with more or less money than they started with. If so, please describe how this metagame works, and interacts with the outcome of individual games. 
1122	boardgames	 Draw good tiles Obviously, this takes some luck, but there a few things you can do to improve your odds. Work on a couple of projects requiring different tiles at the same time, e.g., a big city and a long road. This increases your chances that your next tile will be useful somewhere. Know the tiles. You don't have to count cards, but you can help complete your cities by knowing the common tiles that will fill a given hole. More importantly, you need to know which tiles don't exist so you avoid leaving an impossible space. Expand outward. It's easier to place tiles when your cities and roads aren't constantly bumping into other features. 
1123	boardgames	 I'm not sure I understood your question correctly, but my first thought is a Carcassonne tournament where the players are ranked by total score. Every game is different due to the random tile draws and the total points available in a given game varies by how people play. A tournament where multiple games are happening simultaneously leads to interesting decisions. For example, someone seeking to maximize total points might choose to make a losing move in one game if it means more points overall. By extension, I think this includes any game with a non-deterministic amount of points (e.g., Scrabble) played more than once. 
1124	boardgames	 Creights is a very engaging, Uno-like party game played with a standard deck. It is about 70% luck and 30% skill, in my estimation. It scales easily to about 7-8 players, but requires two decks shuffled together with 5/6+ players. It doesn't require those two decks to have the same backs, but make sure to remove a couple of 5s from the deck if you play with two decks. 
1125	boardgames	 The Grognards tournaments at WBC, which are 10 classic wargames using a scoring system where you get points not just for the win (10), but you also get 2 points for each game that every opponent you beat won. This rewards players for beating good opponents, thereby keeping them from just finding new or poor players to play. 
1126	boardgames	 Some 3+ player games in which you can play kingmaker are implicitly non-zero-sum. Take Risk. Let's say you make a habit of hosing anybody who dares to place in your continent, even if it's not the best move for you. In a future game, the other players will be less likely to place in your continent. Thus, you gained an implicit advantage in future games, based on your reputation, even though you lost. Each game's outcome thus not only yields a zero-sum account of who won and who lost, but also yields reputational factors. 
1127	boardgames	 Civilization (base or Advanced ) plays well with 5-7 players, not a very broad range but better than nothing. Yes, 6-7 is ideal, but playing in 5 people is still good enough to be almost the complete game. Hacker plays well with 4-6 people. You may like it or not, since there are a few design flaws - I find it mostly fun anyway. 
1128	boardgames	 I played a diceless variant where every village has a worker , we use glass beads to represent them. When you create the village, place the worker in an empty tile next to it At the beginning of your turn you get one resource for each worker based on the tile it is on Or you may skip acquisition to remove another player's worker (he'll be able to re-assign it at the end of his next turn) At the end of your turn, you may re-assign your workers (still into empty tiles next to their village) Cities have two workers The game is very different from the original version, and very interesting. 
1129	boardgames	 Some minor tweaks that can help: 1) Use the variant Imperial II from the expansion. Tricky juggling of the turn order to ensure you get Imperial is one cause of delay in selection. (Also, Imperial is badly designed and dull...) That variant expects the goals to be face-up - which speeds the game up; everyone can see which vps they're aiming for later on. 2) Play to 1-2 fewer vps; that'll normally save a full turn, without damaging the endgame too badly. 3) Use a fixed board instead of dealing out; then the host can set up in advance and skip the board dealing phase. (FFG publish suggestions for this at the TI site.) 4) Assign admin tasks to players - make one player in charge of the planets deck, one in charge of action cards, etc. 5) Use a tech / status tracker or other ship reference sheet to keep quick track of tech effects on your units. 6) Get in the habit of planning your builds during other people's turn, or allow 'honor builds' in which you announce a build and then the next player moves on with the game while you build. Builds need time-consuming decision making and are rarely affected by the next player's move. 
1130	boardgames	 Antike Another Civ-lite game. Battle is handled by removing troops one after another, and a lot of it is guessing what the other players are going for, and trying to beat them to the punch. 
1131	boardgames	 My wife and I regularly play with Inns &amp; Cathedrals and Traders &amp; Builders. We're mostly interested in having more tiles for a longer game, but the extra rules do add some variety. We sometimes ignore the expansion rules and just use the tiles, especially if we're feeling lazy or playing with less experienced players. Inns &amp; Cathedrals We use this one primarily for the extra tiles and the big Meeple. A lakeside inn has little effect in 2p unless one player finds a way to hog them and complete those roads. We score more total points, but they're usually split evenly. A cathedral becomes a late game screw-you tile in 2p (our games get kinda cutthroat). Play it on a big city to make it unfinishable and thus worth 0 points. Traders &amp; Builders The builder meeple is critical in 2p. You have to make good use of him or else the other player is going to run away with the extra turns. As for trade goods, I usually see them as an equalizer against bad tile draws. You can finish your opponent's city in exchange for a chance at +10 or even +20 points at endgame. That's not always a good play in 3+ player games, but it can help a lot in 2p. Assuming one of every trade good ends up in a completed city, somebody is going to at least get a 10 point advantage. That's a big deal in 2p games. 
1132	boardgames	 Eleusis This is one of my favourite card games. You have to use inductive reasoning to figure out the dealer's secret rule. It's actually better with a large group because you learn more from other players' mistakes while waiting for your turn to come around. It can be a bit intimidating for new players, so you might want to start with a small group playing Eleusis Express to get the hang of it. 
1133	boardgames	 You can find lists of card games for different numbers of players at pagat.com . In particular, Looking for Friends (找朋友) looks interesting, though I haven't tried it. It's described as a trick-taking game that works well with large groups. 
1134	boardgames	 There's an old game called Plank that might fit your description. When you play with three players, the player to the left of the winner receives a penalty of two points, and the third player receives a penalty of one point. When the players have played some multiple of three games, the player with the fewest points wins the match. This way, when a player has to choose between stopping one player or the other, he will always stop the player to his right. I first ran across Plank in Sid Sackson's A Gamut of Games book. He added the rule for scoring three-player games to solve the king maker problem. Plank was described in The Young Folks' Cyclopaedia of Games and Sports in 1890 (complete rules at the link). I've since seen a commercial version called Hack Attack . I really like the game as a light filler, and I made my own set out of Lego. For me it has a similar feel to Quarto. 
1135	boardgames	 The way I understand your explanations I'd say many German style games should fit your description. For example in "Settlers of Catan" players gather victory points and the game ends once a player has collected a certain number of them. Since the total pool of victory points is usually far greater than the players are capable of achieving before the game ends - that should constitute a non-zero sum game. One player gaining a victory point does not significantly affect the chances of other players gaining one themself. Similarly in "Dominion" - while play ends once the 6 points cards are depleted there are other cards that give victory points. Thus even if one player manages to grab more of the 6 point cards it is conceivable that another player wins because of additional 3 and 1 point cards. That pattern is present in many other games, especially ones that keep all players in the game until the end (a core characteristic of German style games) 
1140	boardgames	 For a few of our favourite games we maintain a high scores list. If you come a close second place then the high scores list can give you some compensation for your efforts. Also, by keeping the list of all-time low scores, we provide a bit of incentive for players who don't have a hope of winning the game. 
1147	boardgames	 In our gaming group, we have a very hard time picking out the Big Meeple from the other Meeples on the board. While the Big Meeple certainly is bigger than the others, it's not by a significant factor, and most of our group (epsecially me) just can't tell it apart from other Meeples on the board. It has gotten to the point where we have implemented a house rule that when you play the Big Meeple, you must state you are playing it, and if someone asks where your Big Meeple is, you need to point it out. Still, it's easy to loose track of, in my opinion. Has anyone else experienced this? Have you implemented a similar house rule? Have you altered your Big Meeple (painting on it, drawing a smiley face on it, etc.) to help identify it? Or are we all just seriously visually impaired? 
1148	boardgames	 I've mentally lost track of big meeples before, so I don't see a problem with visually altering it to make it stand out. Perhaps you could borrow a hat from a set of Legos? Honestly, I'm more surprised that your gaming group is cutthroat enough to need a rule to force people to announce when using big meeples. Carcassonne is a game of perfect information (other than tile draws). You should always be able to ask where something is. 
1151	boardgames	 You are not visually impaired. Telling at a glance whether one thing is bigger than another, when they are not immediately next to each other, can be fairly difficult. I have never played Carcassonne with the big meeple, but I've noticed this problem in other games, such as distinguishing medium and large Icehouse pieces in certain circumstances. My solution would be to alter the big meeple in some way. Paint its head, glue a helmet or coronet onto it, or something of the sort. That will make it stand out a lot more than size alone, and be a lot more convenient than a house rule requiring it to be announced. 
1153	boardgames	 How would you categorize gaming skill, based on your own talents, or those of people you know? And what makes certain people good at those categories? For one example, I've noticed I tend to win most games that involve a long series of calculations or tactical decisions, like Carcassonne and Bohnanza, but get beaten much more often at strategic games that require having firm goals in mind and lots of planning, like Puerto Rico and Race for the Galaxy - and I know people who are phenomenal at those games, and often, the same people are great at both. Perhaps that qualifies me as a Tactician but not a Strategist? Trading, psychology, and speed are other possible categories I can think of off the top of my head. 
1154	boardgames	 A list of categories of board game skills isn't something I've ever seen. To actually come up with one, I think you have to first start by looking at research from the psychology field in relation to the different forms of IQ. The theory of multiple intelligences that was created in 1983 by Howard Gardner breaks out different types of intelligence. Gardner lists 8 different types of intelligence. Depending on the type of game, I would say some of those intelligences come into play. Certainly if you have bodily-kinesthetic intelligence and interpersonal intelligence, you would be more likely to be a shrewd trader in games like Settlers of Catan. If you can read people's body language to tell they're bluffing, this is a huge leg in games like Poker. On the other end of the spectrum, spatial intelligence would be incredibly important for games where board position is important. There is also how much planning people do to consider. Good chess players, look ahead at more possible moves then weaker chess players, and a similar ability to analyze future events would be a good thing to look at. This gets into game theory and prefect play. A players ability to practice this would be another big skill. Speed would be another topic to consider. Players who arrive at decisions faster would also be better at games where timing matters. This could also affect games where timing may not immediately be apparent. Being able to realize any deal another player is offering before the others players accept, would usually be beneficial. Since research on psychology and artificial intelligence should also be considered, I personally don't feel qualified to give you an exhaustive list. There is a book, Moves in Mind: The Psychology of Board Games you might be interested in if you really want to delve deeply into this topic. There is current active research by psychologist and programmers for using games to develop different skills in participants that looks at this question from a different angle. Promoting Broad and Stable Improvements in Low-Income Children’s Numerical Knowledge Through Playing Number Board Games SIDES: a cooperative tabletop computer game for social skills development 
1155	boardgames	 I think Tynam's given the main sensible suggestions that don't distort the character of the game too much. If you want to shorten it more, then I think your options are going to have to be more drastic: Remove the Status and Strategy phases! A friend of mine proposed a radical variant of TI3 where things move more fluidly and there aren't the defined rounds like there are in TI3. You can read his thought process at . If you don't like that idea... Well, what happened with our group is we discovered Galactic Emperor . Which scratches a lot of the same itches as TI3, but takes 2 hours rather than 6-9. It doesn't have the big tech tree or the deck of politics cards, but, well, something has to go if you're cutting a 9 hour game down to 2 hours; and Galactic Emperor plays very much like a streamlined and simplified Twilight Imperium 3. You can read my review of Galactic Emperor compared with TI3 over on BoardGameGeek. 
1156	boardgames	 Wayfinder Movement mechanic similar to mancala. Up to 4 players with a simultaneous movement element. 
1157	boardgames	 Republic of Rome is a potentially negative-sum game. There are multiple possible endings: One Senator reaches 35 Influence: the player controlling that Senator wins. One Senator is proclaimed Consul-For-Life and Rome survives to the end of the turn: The player controlling the Consul-For-Life wins. A faction rebels and conquers Rome: That faction wins. These are the three outright wins. The deck runs out (effectively the time limit). The player with the most total influence wins; this is generally regarded as a lesser win than the outright wins above. Rome falls (four active wars, popular revolt): all players lose This is a complete defeat, which is supposed to be regarded as worse than another player winning. There are various tournament approaches to scoring these, but one approach is to score an outright win as +1 per other player (so +5 in a six-player game), and losing in such a game as 0, a max-influence victory as +0.5 per other player (+2.5 in a six-player) and a survival in such a game as +0.5, and all lose as -1 for each player. 
1158	boardgames	 Most non-luck-free games use either open-ended randomizers (like dice, or spinners) or closed-ended randomizers (cards, chit pulls, etc). But there is an alternative, which is simultaneous revelation of chosen selections (rock-paper-scissors). One example of games that use this type of randomizer are games with written orders, like Diplomacy - which is so completely driven by the diplomatic factor that most people regard it as being luck-free. Are there any games that use rock-paper-scissors type mechanics as an explicit randomizer? 
1159	boardgames	 Board game skill definitely transfers from game to game. If you really don't want to play Puerto Rico with an unskilled player because the person to their left will have an advantage, then play different games with them that do not have this problem. For example. Power Grid has turn order that changes based on how many cities a player has. Of course good players will purposefully hold back on purchasing houses to get better position in the next round, but it is still a great mechanism to make sure that inferior players have limited ability to affect the game in a negative way. Other games that solve this problem are Caylus, Agricola, Citadels, and pretty much any other game where turn order can be bid for, and is not set in stone. Also, many game sthat have limited player interactivity, such as pure racing games, do not suffer because turns are effectively, if not actually, simultaneous. Also, this problem obviously does not occur in two-player games or co-op games. I generally highly discourage any modification to games. Players are not game designers, and without incredibly thorough play-testing by professionals, any so-called house rule you come up with will probably just ruin the game, even if you don't realize it. If you absolutely feel compelled to modify a game, here is a general method to follow. First, determine if it is better to go first or last in any given round. For the sake of example, let us say it is advantageous to go first. In the first round of the game proceed as normal. Then using some quantifiable measure, rank the players as to who is in the lead. Since going first is advantageous, have the person in last place go first, second to last place go second, and so on. Redo the turn order at the beginning of every round by this same measure. This modification will in all likelihood ruin your game, as skilled players will take advantage of the system to go first/last when they need to. It also allows for increased chance of error, when someone no doubt accidentally takes their turn out of order. Yet, it will fix the problem of sitting to the left of the weakest player under most circumstances. 
1160	boardgames	 SpeilMaterial has a lot of options if painting the head in silver or something isn't enough Cowboys (might have to paint yourself) &amp; dwarfs for example. 
1161	boardgames	 I once wrote a gadget to google wave for Rock Paper Scissors Lizard Spock Of course this is just the same as rock paper scissors but with more options. 
1162	boardgames	 In Dog there is a expansion from 4 to 6 players. The only variation I know and have played is 3 vs 3. Does anyone have experience with 2 vs 2 vs 2? Does that play well too? Background: I'm thinking about doing a tournament and it would be easier to get the required number of boards if I could pit three teams against each other. 
1163	boardgames	 Assign seats randomly. Card draw, dice roll, etc. A part of strategy in games is knowing the situation you are in and adjusting your game play. If you get the unlucky draw of being to the right of this person, you'll need to adjust your strategy knowing the person to your left may not make the play an experienced player may make. Many times I make a play I normally wouldn't make when I sit the right of an inexperienced player if I cannot afford for the person to the left of the player to make specific play. So in my opinion situational awareness should dictate your strategy. After every game we play, we re-assign seats randomly. 
1164	boardgames	 If I understand your question correctly, Duck Duck Go could be an example. You play as rubber ducks in a bath tub, and you have a hand of three cards with different movement patterns on them. Each player picks a card from their hand, and once all cards have been selected, everyone reveals their card simultaneously. The catch is that each card also has a number in the upper-left corner, with the cards resolved in lowest-number order. 
1165	boardgames	 Sid Meier's Civilization, the board game based on the video game based on the board game, used this method for combat. You have three types of pieces, and you each reveal one of them simultaneously, and then use a rock paper scissors method to decide who wins. (This is from the very first edition of the game, and I haven't played it in years, so I could be remembering this incorrectly.) 
1166	boardgames	 I like the Sheriff. This is an elected position. On the first day, before any lynchings, there is a public debate and vote to decide the Sheriff. The Sheriff then appoints a deputy who will take over if/when they are killed. The Sheriff has two votes when it comes to lynching. 
1167	boardgames	 The only 3 player variant of Canasta that I know is Cutthroat Canasta . Are there any other good 3 player variations? 
1168	boardgames	 Age of Renaissance This boardgame starts each turn with a bidding mechanic that I believe meets your criteria for simultaneous revelation of hidden choices. Each player makes a bid which has two main effects. Turn order (lowest to highest). (Generally going earlier is desirable) Number of influence tokens to place (Generally placing more is desirable) This leads to an interesting choice for everyone as they need to determine which is more important to them each turn, and then to pick the proper bid in relation to the other player's bids. To give a simple example. If the three revealed bids are 12, 13, and 30. Two of the players will likely be happy (the 12 and the 30) while the person who bid 13 could have bid 29 and still gone second. I've simplified things a bit here and there are of course exceptions. The game is very enjoyable and takes 3-5 hours to play. 
1170	boardgames	 Race for the Galaxy has this kind of randomness in the action selection phase, although it has a lot of luck of the draw in it as well. A typical early game example is the explore, settle, trade relationship in the early game. Often, you want to explore if other players trade, settle if they explore, and trade if they settle. On the other hand, I disagree that this is not inherently lucky. If we play Rock Paper Scissors, and I play uniformly at random, the only way that you are going to beat me is luck. Even if we introduce a little bit of information into the game, if I am making a decision that has any randomness in it, and I certainly should be if the game can be reduced to a mixed strategy , then the game still has some luck involved. 
1176	boardgames	 Robo Rally uses action cards — move 3, turn 90° right, move 1 — placed in predetermined slots; the cards laid down by other players may change how those cards translate into game actions. 
1177	boardgames	 Baby Bingo - create bingo cards with baby-related words, randomly arranged. (It's best to use a reasonably small set of 25-50 words; include specific words related to the mother or baby if possible.) Write a story that includes all of the words. Read it slowly and let people mark off the words on their cards. First person to get 5 in a row wins. 
1178	boardgames	 Hand and Foot While I'm not a huge fan of this variant, everyone else in my family is and it is now the only version of canasta played regularly for us. There are a lot of slightly different rules set out there, I've linked to the one that seems to resemble the rules my family uses. The main difference for Hand and Foot is that each player is dealt 2 Hands (called a Hand and a Foot). The player only uses the "Hand" to start. When they drain the Hand of cards, they may immediately pick up the "Foot" and continue the turn they are on. Timing the pickup of your Foot is the key to the game. Any number of players is well supported, we play with three often. Four decks will give you a nice game of Hand and Foot for three players. My objection to this variant is that you are really dependent on what is in your "Foot" each round. For me, it introduces a larger luck factor than I prefer to play with. This leads to more games with large differences in score which I don't find enjoyable. It's definitely worth a try to see if it is your cup of tea. 
1179	boardgames	 Apples to Apples is a really great game for moderately large groups. In my experience ladies tend to enjoy it. Scattergories is also fun, and scalable by dividing into teams. Lastly, my family and I recently discovered Guesstures , and the best antics by far were those of my 80-year-old grandmother, on which fact my 14-year-old niece and I agree (read: good for all ages). 
1181	boardgames	 A player may not chose an Action card that he resolved during the previous game round (pg11 of the Rule Book ) Given that rule, how can you use Force Field indefinitely? 
1183	boardgames	 Nibelungenlied In 2003, Abstract Games Magazine and About.com's board games section held a game design contest for simultaneous movement games. I helped one of the judges play test, and Nibelungenlied was my favourite. How could you not love a game where the two players represent the forces of tragic destiny and natural order? It placed third in the contest. You can find several of the entries on the contest page . You could also look at board game geek's rock-paper-scissors mechanic and their simultaneous action selection mechanic . 
1184	boardgames	 A Game System is a set of components and/or rules that are intended to be used to create games. That is, one set of components that allows to play several diffrent games. Recent game systems like piecepack , Decktet , or Stonehenge have tons of games to try, but older game systems like Sly and Orion only seem to have the official rules (PDF) that came with them. Somehow Icehouse managed to survive from the 1980's until the web could attract a community for it, does anybody know of any additional rule sets written for other game systems published before 1995? 
1185	boardgames	 Arkham Horror The game supports 1-8. I've played 1-6 and all work well. With 3 or less you may want each player to control 2 characters, but that isn't necessary. I suspect that with 7-8 there will be a fair amount of downtime between turns. However, if the group enjoys the game and gets into it I don't think the problem is insurmountable. I find that reading the event cards aloud really brings everyone into the game. 
1186	boardgames	 Another games that might fit your description is Category 5 / 6 Nimmt! . Every player is dealt a number of cards which are numbered from 1 to 104. All players select a card to play and then simultaneously reveal it. They must then add their card to one of 4 or 5 rows on the table in ascending order. Any player who has to add the 6th card or cannot place his card in any of the rows must take one of the rows (which will count against him) and start a new one with his card. There are numerous games in that family... 
1188	boardgames	 We usually play it with: the Immortal - if wolves choose to kill him, he doesn't die (he still can be lynched) the Whore - each night she must choose a person to lie with: she dies if she chose a wolf, otherwise nothing happens (henceforth she knows that that person is not a wolf) Mind that using the whore two people can die in a single night, giving an advantage to the wolves; usually this outweighs the whore ability of sometimes knowing that someone is not a wolf, especially if she's unlucky enough to choose a wolf on the first night. 
1189	boardgames	 If you're looking for one-off pieces, for play testing purposes and such (rather than having custom pieces made for final production of something), I'd hit up yard sales and thrift stores. I typically wouldn't recommend them, as you can't be sure most games are complete, but in this case, getting a bunch of partial games cheaply might be an advantage. 
1191	boardgames	 I just bought the extension Cities and Knights (I don't know the rules very well at the moment). I already have the base game and the Seafarers of Catan. Is it possible to combine, on the same board, the Basic game of Catan, the Seafarers of Catan extension, and the Cities and Knights extension? 
1192	boardgames	 The rules for Cities and Knights (pdf) address combining it with Seafarers (page 13). They warn that only certain scenarios work well, and provide rules for things like how to treat ships as roads and how a knight can chase away the pirate. There is also a FAQ on combining the two expansions , which addresses a few points that the published rules don't cover. One crucial point which they don't cover, in either the rules or FAQ, as discussed in an earlier question , is how many victory points to play to. It seems that the consensus is that when combining Seafarers and Cities and Knights that you should add 2 victory points to the victory conditions listed in the Seafarers scenario. See the other linked question for more detail. 
1193	boardgames	 Has anyone come across variant rules for Mille Bornes where the players don't play on teams? I've seen rules for 2 player, 3 player, 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3, but nothing for four or more solo players. For whatever reason, sometimes we'll have a group of four or more who feels like playing, but all playing solo. The problem is, someone always ends up running out of fuel or getting a flat tire, and then never seeing a Petrol or Repair card for the rest of the game. They end up just sitting there, which is pretty non-entertaining. It is quite possible that the deck just isn't suitable for more than three players, and playing with two decks is the only way to have more than three solo players, but I'm open to suggestions. 
1194	boardgames	 Dominion I don't expect a lot of votes up because the game is very new, but I think Dominion has the potential to do a much better job qualifying in the long run than Magic: The Gathering. The problem with any Trading Card Game, in my opinion, is the high financial barrier to entry, as well as the potential significance of limited run cards. To put it more clearly, if you spend more money, show up at more promotional events and have been playing longer than I, you are going to have a much larger set of cards to choose from, and this could give you an insurmountable advantage. If I just don't understand and any starter deck could beat the deck of an experienced player, then I guess I'm mistaken, but I doubt that's the case. One could argue that this is part of the game or meta-game, but I would argue that one of the great virtues of games like chess, go, backgammon or poker is that you can own a set for very little cost to you, and introduce a new player without their having to purchase anything at all. Dominion, in contrast to Magic, has a much lower barrier to entry because new players can simply join in on a game with your set, and because in a given game all players have the same resources available to them at the beginning. Now to argue against both games' inclusion: chess, go, etcetera are expanded in depth as a result of exploration of new strategies within the existing game framework. Most modern games, including both Dominion and Magic, are expanded by the addition of new game elements. One could argue that games like chess and go must have gone through an evolutionary phase like this before reaching their current form, and I suppose that is possible, but I certainly think that a game that is still adding features cannot be called "deep" in the same way that these older games can. Perhaps one day Dominion will attain this status, but I think at this point I couldn't vote up my own answer in good conscience. 
1196	boardgames	 There's an errata posted on BoardGameGeek that corrects the rules about delivering Guild Orders, and an updated set of rules (from the publisher's site, also available on BGG ) which includes the correction. According to the errata and the new rules with the errata included, you do indeed count the second order as a new order, and thus get more VPs than the first gave you. • On page 8 under Guild Hall replace the last paragraph with the one below: IMPORTANT! – If you have just delivered a Guild Order, then picked a new Guild Order and happen to have the Resources with you to fill it, you may turn them in immediately. Adjust prices and Orders, and collect VP’s, as described above. This is also confirmed by the designer in a thread on BoardGameGeek : Brian has it correct, the guild orders are placed in front of you to track how many you have completed. The value of the delivery increases for each you deliver. Hence, 3 for the first card delivered, 4 for the second, 5 for the third and 6 thereafter. Let's say you deliver two at the same time, and they happen to be your 2nd and 3rd cards delivered, you would thus receive 9 on that delivery of two cards. I do not have the original rules before the correction, so I don't know what it said; in particular, in the updated version, I see nothing about "you do not get to deliver the order," so I'm assuming that's something that the updated paragraph has replaced. 
1197	boardgames	 Damage your opponents' decks and hands. Use attacks like the Witch, Spy, Bureaucrat, Ghost Ship, Swindler, Militia, etc. to make sure the other players are always playing with fewer and worse cards than they would like. Especially with the Witch, getting an early start at haranguing the other players can ensure you get a significant lead right off the bat. On the flipside, the Witch is a terrible card once the Curses run out. It's really nice when Upgrade is also in play so you can flip your Witches for Golds once this happens. 
1198	boardgames	 We recently purchased some Carcassonne expansions, and I have some questions about the pigs. First, pigs can be placed on your field to increase the multiplier. But what if fields are merged? Do pigs count as farmers, or are they just multipliers? Example: Red has a field with one farmer and a pig. Blue has a field with just one farmer. The fields are combined. Does red win, or do both red and blue share the spoils where red has the x4 and blue the x3 multiplier? Second, the expansion with the dragons introduces portals. Is it possible to place a pig through a portal, or is it meeple only? 
1199	boardgames	 Both get points. Your pig gives you +1 for each city you gain points for (limited to the cities bordering the field the pig is in, of course). It doesn't give you an advantage for "winning" the points from a city. So in your example : yes, both players get the points : 4 for Red, thanks to the piggy, and 3 for Blue. (I don't get why you're mentioning "multipliers" though.) I can't answer for the dragons, I don't own that expansion. 
1200	boardgames	 Traders and builders rulebook: The pig counts only if he owns the field. For ownership of the field, only the farmers are counted. The PDF from Rio Grande Games for the princess and dragon does say that the magic portal can be used by a follower and the PDF from Rio Grande Games for Traders &amp; Builders does call the pig a follower in the rules. However checking with the Complete Annotated Rules that cites a lot of sources: The original rules say: ’12 new followers in 6 colours (one builder and one pig for each player)’. In the Big Box rules, the builder and pig are no longer considered to be followers, which has a large number of consequences for their use. The RGG edition of the Big Box also changes this rule. I've always played the portal as Meeple (big and small), Mayor and Wagon are free to be deployed but nothing else which is in line with the above statement. 
1201	boardgames	 Diversify! Don't compromise on starting with high numbers and 6 separate tiles, unless you are getting two of a 6 or 8, or a port for an item you are set to get a lot of. You're also much better off with a spread of numbers: if you can, sit on a 6 and an 8 instead of two 8's. Spread out with settlements if you can before upgrading to cities. Ore is, for this reason, okay to miss at the beginning. 
1202	boardgames	 Development Cards! These can seem less rewarding in terms of sustainable resource generation, but if you find yourself without road components, buy development cards! Knights can give you some control and protection along with 2 VP's, and the other cards can help you out quite a bit if well-used. Playing Monopoly after a big score of ore or brick can be very satisfying for you, and demoralizing for the other players. 
1204	boardgames	 I was introduced to Settlers of Catan just a few weeks ago here. I plan on buying it and I would like recommendations as to which expansions I should get. 
1213	boardgames	 The two biggest expansions for Catan are Seafarers of Catan and Catan: Cities and Knights . I previously asked the question, "How is gameplay improved in the Cities &amp; Knights Expansion? " recently before buying it myself. I would check out the answers there for some other opinions on that expansion. There is also a third expansion, Catan: Traders &amp; Barbarians , but that isn't as popular. Seafarers of Catan This was the first expansion for Catan. The expansion expands the size of the board and gives you the ability to have islands separate from Catan. The game comes with a number of different scenarios and the ability to create maps with random landmasses. (Random maps on Seafarers is a favorite of one of the people I play with, and how we usually play.) Besides adding boats which are roads going across the water, and a pirate to act as a robber, Seafarers doesn't significantly increase the game. Catan: Cities &amp; Knights Cities &amp; Knights was the second expansion for Catan and take the base game and builds up on it. Three commodities are introduced to the game: Coin, Paper, and Cloth. Cities, now instead of producing two resources, produce a resource and a commodity for ore, wood, and sheep. The development cards are not used and progress cards in three colors are now used. Progress cards are gained by developing your cities, and can't be bought. You use the commodities to upgrade your cities through different levels to increase the speed of you earning progress cards. Knights also move from being cards to being tokens on the board. In addition, every so many turns, the barbarians come and attack Catan. All active knights defend, and if Catan wins, the person who helped to defend the most gets a victory point. If Catan looses, the person who helped the least, looses a city. A third event dice determines when the barbarian moves or when progress cards can be generated. All of this increases the length of the game and makes Cities &amp; Knights plays slower. It's a much more strategic game with Cities &amp; Knights. The progress cards also give you a lot of different options. A number of cards directly harm other players, while benefiting you. Catan: Traders &amp; Barbarians This is the one I haven't played, but I do know it adds a lot of different scenarios and variants to Catan you can play with. It includes the Catan Event Card s, and Settlers of Catan: The Great River . (As a side note, I know my local game store carries The Great River as a separate expansion.) The wikipedia article on this expansion has a lot of information available about it. 5-6 player Extensions The main game and each expansion, has a 5-6 player extension for it that lets you play 5-6 players. I have extensions so I can play the main game or Seafarers but have never actually had 5-6 people to play it. Friends of mine speak very highly of playing Catan with more people though. Adding more people does slow the game down though and if you play Cities &amp; Knights with 6 people, your looking at a very, very long game. Recommendation I love variety when playing games, and I find Seafarers adds a lot of variety that makes each game different. You get this with playing random maps with the core game, but random landforms really diversifies what's going on. We've had games with large landmasses or narrow landmasses. If you want to break out of the standard Catan island, this is the expansion for you. I can also speak highly of Cities &amp; Knights. It's a different type of game, but adds a lot of depth and if your looking for that, get it. No one has recommended Traders &amp; Barbarians to me yet, so I would say the jury is out on that one for me. I would suggest both the other two expansions first, and get Traders &amp; Barbarians if your still looking for more Catan. Finally, I would get the 5-6 player extensions on as need basis. If you at least get the core game extension, you can at least play Catan if you have more people then usual. 
1217	boardgames	 The Fishermen of Catan This is a small expansion that I got in the now-defunct Games Quarterly magazine (according to BGG, it was in Issue 12 of Spring 2007). Basically, there are fishing segments on the shoreline, and if you have a settlement touching one of these fishing areas when the number is rolled, you get a random fish tile. You can trade in fish for various favors, such as moving the robber back to the desert, getting a free resource, a development card, etc. It was apparently included in the Traders &amp; Barbarians boxed set, although if you only want this expansion, you'll most likely have to look on eBay to get it. 
1219	boardgames	 My favorite expansion is Seafarers of Catan (sometimes also called Catan: Seafarers or simply Seafarers if the context is clear). Seafarers adds ships to the game, which you can use to explore separate islands; they are like roads, but go over the sea. The addition of ships adds some balance that was missing in the original game; since ships cost wool and lumber (or sheep and wood, depending on the terminology you use), they increase the value of wool, which in the original game is frequently less useful. Apparently, ships were originally supposed to be part of the base game, but were removed to simplify it; but I find that adding them back in adds balance back to the game. Seafarers also increases the sense of exploration in the game. In the original game, you're just settling one island that you can see all of to start with. In Seafarers, you are exploring and settling new islands; in some cases, you don't even see what's there until you get to them. Seafarers comes with several different scenarios with slightly different rules and different map layouts; in some you have many small islands, while in others you have one large island like the original, with a few small satellite islands. I find the other expansions I've tried less essential. Cities and Knights can be fun, but it focuses on city development and knights which protect you from barbarian attack, instead of adding more to explore and balancing the basic game. I've never tried Traders and Barbarians; I believe that it is a collection of several small expansions, that you can mix and match, or mix and match with Cities and Knights or Seafarers. The 5 &amp; 6 player expansions can be good if you wind up with more players than basic Settlers can support, but I find that they make the game take longer without making it much more interesting, so I think that 4 player Settlers or Seafarers works better. 
1221	boardgames	 In endgame, you typically have a hand in tenpai that is waiting for 1 more tile to be complete. Usually, it is better if you are able to wait for multiple tiles so your chance to finish are increased. From the rules, some typical wait patterns are derived. For instance, if you got 3 sets and a pair and an incomplete 23, you're waiting for either 1 or 4 to complete a chii (street). Experienced players know that certain patterns lead to especially high chances to finish. What are the most common patterns to know and strive for? 
1222	boardgames	 Suppose you are playing a game with a Cylon leader. He is not infiltrating. The humans reach New Caprica. Is there now no mechanic by which a Cylon Leader can infiltrate? So the only way for a Cylon leader to infiltrate is for him to already have been infiltrating when we arrived? 
1223	boardgames	 That is correct; there is no way for a Cylon leader to start infiltrating while on New Caprica. (See the Unofficial FAQ at BGG ) If a Cylon leader needs the humans to win and wants to be able to help them out on New Caprica, s/he needs to be infiltrating when they get there. Otherwise, s/he won't be able to use the Human actions, which is the main way to help the humans. 
1224	boardgames	 I've been playing Dominion with the base + Intrigue sets for a while now, and one of the cards that I have trouble wrapping my mind around is the Coppersmith. In theory, it seems like a great card - it allows you to make all of your Coppers into Silvers, and in some cases - even Gold. However, I have yet to build a deck during a game that manages to use it effectively. Usually, in order to pull one or two of those with a nice amount of coppers, I need to create a deck that relies heavily on +cards/+actions chains, and the Coppersmith only begins to affect the game too late for it to be of any use. So... how can this card be effectively used? 
1225	boardgames	 The power of this card is in the early game. Buy it on your first or second turn to get some extra buying power early on before you have a more Silver- and Gold-heavy deck. This can get you a Gold as early as your third or fourth turn. You'll probably want to try to trash it later, since it provides little benefit after mid-game or so. 
1227	boardgames	 I think that you should basically ignore the coppersmith unless there is a really good way to draw a lot of coppers and still have actions left. It only pays off if you have more than 2 coppers in hand. In practice, this means I will only consider it if there is a tactician or apothecary. In my opinion, coppersmith is the worst 4 cost card in the game. Here's why: It's only sometimes better than silver early, and late game, it's much worse. Assume a standard 5 card hand, with a deck of mostly coppers, some estates, and a coppersmith: If you buy a coppersmith instead of a silver early game, it will give you likely anywhere from +1 to +4 coins. If it gives you +4 coins (meaning you have $8), it's probably not better than +3 or, since an early gold is almost always better than an early province. If it had been a silver, you'd still hit $6, and you can still buy that valuable $6. If it gives you +3, that's pretty nice, you can get an early gold or other useful 6 cost card, and no other card could fill it's particular role. If it gives you +2, you were better off with buying a silver, since the silver does just as well there, and is much better late game. 
1228	boardgames	 Also, the decision points/micro turn order goes as follows: Player A plays a Minion. Player B reveals a Secret Chamber, and then can even grab a Moat from the next 2 cards into your hand, put two other cards on top of your deck, reveal the Moat, and then put the Moat back onto the top of the deck with another use of the same Secret Chamber. See the BGG Dominion FAQ and Isotropic Dominion Server FAQ . In general, you can use a single reaction card as many times as you want. Note: that B does not yet know if he is forced to discard, and there can be a lot of thinking involved here. If you are forced to discard, you want to take the best 2 cards with you, and leave 5 junky cards for the discard. But if you aren't forced to discard, you don't want to wreck your current turn. Player A then makes his decision about taking $2 or discarding and taking 4 cards. 
1229	boardgames	 Coppersmith is a terminal action, therefore you have to design your deck to accomodate it. (By terminal action, I mean it is an action that does not give +Actions). As others have noted, Coppersmith is a card used to give you an early start. By managing your deck, you can extend that advantage well into the mid game. Here is a chart showing how 1 coppersmith can accelerate your early game. I've compared it to Smithy, and "Big Money" (A base strategy of buying only silver/gold/provinces which is actually fairly strong) Chance of Having (once during the two turns) Turn 1-2 purchases $6 $7 $8 Notes --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Coppersmith+Treasure 50.91% 0.00% 21.21% # 1 in 792 that 2 golds can be bought Smithy+Silver 42.60% 19.39% 2.12% #Not possible with a 5/2 copper split 2 Silver 33.59% 8.84% 0.00% #Not possible with a 5/2 copper split This shows a few things you have a vastly higher chance of affording a province. The coppersmith gives you a 70% higher chance of being able to afford a gold than "Big Money" The coppersmith works with a 5/2 copper split on the first 2 turns, while the other two do not. Coppersmith will not give you possibly annoying $5 and $7 hands. Is buying a province on turn 3 a good move? Maybe not, but it could be. My point is that if you buy coppersmith, you stand a higher chance of getting an early gold. This advantage will carry over to future turns. Coppersmith will help you hit the financial high points of $6 and $8 more often, while avoiding $5 and especially $7. Every set of 10 cards in Dominion is different. Coppersmith won't always be a great card, but it can be used to great effect. Try playing it with wishing well! 
1232	boardgames	 At the weekend I was playing Agricola and played the occupation Outrider. The rule for the outrider is "Whenever you use the most recent Round card with one of your people, you receive 1 additional grain". In round three "Sow and/or Bake" was turned over, and so I wanted to pick that card and sow the grain I would receive from it immediately. I wasn't sure about the legality of this move and so I asked for general consensus on it. Everyone agreed that I couldn't play the move, and so I didn't, but I'm still interested to know whether our ruling was correct. I'm looking for an answer which either cites a rule that we didn't find or an official clarification about this situation. Failing either of those, I would be interested if there is a similar situation that has a definitive answer that might suggest a ruling here. Cheers! 
1233	boardgames	 I think the only circumstance where a Coppersmith will be likely to be better than a silver is if you're stuffing your deck with lots of copper, playing a lot of +Buy cards and using all the spare buys to get copper. A Gardens / Council Room kind of strategy might appreciate a Coppersmith or two. I've never seen anyone put lots of Laboratory together with +Buys for Gardens and copper, but if someone did that, then that could work with Coppersmith. 
1234	boardgames	 The Agricola Compendium is a superb resource for this kind of rules question. In this case, it has your answer: You receive the grain before you've taken the action. For example, if you use a sowing action, you can immediately sow the grain from the Outrider. It sounds like you're interested in the principle behind the answer. I'd love to explain it, but I can't. The Agricola rules are generally very good about consistency of terminology - if something says "an oven" it means any of the cards with "Oven" in the name and no others. If something says "receive wood on an action space" (Pieceworker), that's different to "take wood that is on an action space" (Mushroom Collector). But sadly, one area where they're not so consistent is precise details of timing like this. I'd love to be able to say things like in Magic: the Gathering, something like "Some cards have the pattern "Whenever [player] [takes action], [effect]." In this case, the [effect] happens at the start of the [action]." But that doesn't seem consistent with the rules on cards like Compulsory Education, Merchant. And it's unclear whether if the Wood Distributor has put some wood on a Major Improvement space, and you take it with a Clay Worker to get an additional clay, do you get the clay in time? I don't think Agricola has specific timing rules to allow you to state the answer with complete confidence in cases like this. 
1237	boardgames	 Why is it considered a disadvantage to accept Queen's Gambit? How should I play to take advantage of an accepted Queen's Gambit? (All online guides I've seen simply state not to do it, but don't explain why it's bad or how to take advantage of it.) 
1238	boardgames	 It is helpful to know your odds of winning any given battle over a territory. Doing that involves quite a bit more than just learning the most likely die rolls. This paper from Mathematics Magazine: www4.stat.ncsu.edu/~jaosborn/research/osborne.mathmag.pdf gives some nice charts and tables and an overall pretty readable analysis of win/lose odds, and expected losses. 
1239	boardgames	 I'm not sure it is a disadvantage. Here's a quote on the QGA entry on Wikipedia: At the end of the 1990s, a number of players among the world elite included the Queen's Gambit Accepted in their repertoires, and the line is presently considered sound. It has gone in and out of favor over time, but apparently it's in vogue now. Maybe it's discouraged for beginning players? 
1240	boardgames	 In addition to the odds laid out by Pat Ludwig, there are some cards that will make Coppersmith more or less useful. Cards that could make Coppersmith more useful. Actions are terminal unless otherwise noted: Adventurer (B) - Flip cards from the top of your deck until you've revealed two Treasure cards. Put the Treasure cards in your hand, discard all other cards. Discard all other flipped cards. Only useful if you have two or more actions. Apothecary (A) - Draw a card, then flip the next 4 cards. Put any Copper or Potion cards you flipped in your hand, discard all other cards you flipped. Also has +1 action. Counting House (P) - Take any number of Coppers from your discard pile and put them in your hand. Only useful if you have two or more actions. Golem (A) - Flip cards until you get two action cards, then play them in either order. Useful if you manage to get Coppersmith with one of the other actions mentioned here. King's Court (P) - Increase the value of each Copper by 3 when used with Coppersmith. Throne Room (I) - Increase the value of each Copper by 2 when used with Coppersmith. Any cards with +Cards and +Actions, such as Village (B), Laboratory (B), Market (I), Bazaar (S), Caravan (S), Haven (S), Alchemist (A), City (P), Grand Market (P), etc... provided you have the Coppersmith in your hand already. Cards that could make Coppersmith less useful: Loan (P) [Treasure] - Flip cards from the top of your deck until you flip over a Treasure card, then trash or discard that card. Discard all other flipped cards. Pirate Ship (S) - Other players' attacks can cause treasure cards to be trashed. Swindler (I) - Other players' attacks can cause next card to be trashed. If it was Copper, you'll likely be given a Curse back. Thief (B) - Other players' attacks can cause treasure cards to be trashed or stolen (attacker's choice). Cards that could help or hurt: Venture (P) [Treasure] - Flip cards from the top of your deck until you flip over a Treasure card, then immediately play it. Discard all other flipped cards. 
1241	boardgames	 White has a slight advantage in the Accepted line, but it will depend what level you play at. Even at the higher levels both Anand and Kasparov have played it. You give up the center in the QGA as black, but white has an isolated Queen's pawn to deal with. There are too many alternatives for the QGA to go over them all here. In general, white is taking the center, and hopes that his advantage will compensate for the pawn. A very logical move then is 3. e4, grabbing the center with a pawn duo, though 3. Nf3 has been more popular. If Black tries to hard to keep the pawn, he'll only hurt himself. 
1242	boardgames	 khet fits the bill it is very chess like I actually prefer it to chess because, although it is simpler in many ways, each player has the ability to move their opponents pieces making some interesting strategies possible. 
1243	boardgames	 The relevant part of Darksteel Juggernaut 's rules text states: Darksteel Juggernaut's power and toughness are each equal to the number of artifacts you control. When is Darksteel Juggernaut's power and toughness determined? Can they change? 
1244	boardgames	 I haven't played MtG in quite a while, but I would assume the power and toughness change as the number of artifacts you control changes. For example, if you had no other artifacts in play when you played Darksteel Juggernaut, it would come into play as a 1/1 (I'm assuming an Artifact Creature counts as an artifact). If you later played two more artifacts, it would become a 3/3. So basically, whenever you need to know what the power or toughness is, you count the number of artifacts at that time. 
1245	boardgames	 I am not a judge, but I believe the following sections from the comprehensive rules cover everything: 207.2a The card may have a characteristic-defining ability that sets its power and/or toughness according to some stated condition. (See rule 604.3.) Such an ability is worded “[This creature’s] [power or toughness] is equal to . . .” or “[This creature’s] power and toughness are each equal to . . .” This ability functions everywhere, even outside the game. If the ability needs to use a number that can’t be determined, including inside a calculation, use 0 instead of that number. and 604.3. Some static abilities are characteristic-defining abilities. A characteristic-defining ability conveys information about an object’s characteristics that would normally be found elsewhere on that object (such as in its mana cost, type line, or power/toughness box). Characteristic-defining abilities function in all zones. They also function outside the game. And if you check the card rulings for Serra Avatar (with the same ability), it has the following ruling: 10/4/2004: Its power and toughness are continuously calculated. So, its power and toughness are always defined, in all zones, and always updated. If anything needs to reference its power and toughness, determine what that is. If a new artifact comes into play, it automatically goes up in power and toughness. 
1250	boardgames	 Connect Four The object is to get four of your color in a row horizontally, vertically, or diagonally. No luck - just pure skill against the other player. 
1251	boardgames	 Reversi/Othello The initial board position is fixed, pieces to be played are controlled, and the object is to have more of your color upright than the other player. 
1252	boardgames	 Mastermind I suppose it could be argued that a first guess that is &quot;right&quot; would be lucky, but it should be a game of logic based upon guesses leading to a pattern match against the hidden sequence of pegs setup by the other player. 
1253	boardgames	 Generally, the Queen's gambit it's not considered a true gambit, because white comes out ahead with an accepted queen's gambit. White is offering a wing pawn in exchange for a center pawn. Theoretical disadvantage of an accepted Queen's Gambit: d4 d5 c4 dxc4 Qa4+ c6 (or Qd7, or Bd7, or Nd7) Qxc4 Now white has a commanding control of the center of the field, and is not down any pieces. (though the queen is out and exposed very early) At least that's how it was explained to me 20+ years ago. Not that this is the way it's usually played, but white players consider that other things they can do with an accepted queen's gambit are better than this. 
1254	boardgames	 Puerto Rico I can't say that there is no luck element at all in Puerto Rico, but it is definitely extremely low. The game involves selecting roles to perform actions. Each person will perform the chosen action, but the actual chooser gets a bonus for it. The main theme is developing plantations to grow crops, and then shipping these goods off for victory points. The only luck elements I can see in the game are the 5 random crops that are available to plant during a planting phase, and possibly the turn order. If you the skill level of the people playing is drastically different, then sometimes the person you are sitting next to and what role they choose can greatly affect your strategy. 
1255	boardgames	 A basic strategy of using Remodel to upgrade Estates to Remodels, Remodels to Gold, and using Gold to buy or upgrade to Provinces is a powerful but slow strategy, so I haven't been able to win with it. Are there circumstances in which you would use a Remodel-heavy strategy? Assume there are no Curses. How would it work? 
1256	boardgames	 The reason it's discouraged for lower-rated players is that black gives up a center pawn and allows white to develop his bishop with a gain of tempo - two things we are trying to teach the players not to do. However, in higher levels it's considered ok, since the half-open d-file gives black control of d5, and in many lines white's d-pawn becomes isolated. Of course, in the end, at lower-level play the opening doesn't really matter . 
1257	boardgames	 I have a set of Mystery Train expansion cards that I printed and laminated myself (they're not the most pleasant to play with, but they work). Since I got the 1910 expansion for Ticket to Ride, I haven't really used the Mystery Train expansion because the cards' sizes don't match. The destination tickets from Mystery Train are included, but I'm looking for the character cards ( Engineer , Tycoon , Inspector , Station Agent , and the blank character card). Is there a professionally-printed version or a printable PDF for the full-size cards? 
1258	boardgames	 Is there an online site to play the card game Phase 10 on? A clone is fine, but I'd really like to avoid a download. 
1259	boardgames	 I'm not sure why you're discounting Curses here, but... Remodel can be used to turn a Copper/Curse into any 2-cost card. If you played a Bridge first, you can turn a Copper/Curse into any 3-cost card (because they now cost 2, and a card's cost cannot go below 0). Remodel can also be used regain cards lost to Saboteur or Swindler. The strategies presented here also apply to the Prosperity card Expand, but for 3 more. 
1260	boardgames	 Be Ruthless! This is basically an extension of the strategy of trashing all your lame cards presented here . Don't limit yourself to only remodeling Coppers and Remodels. Be ruthless about it: if you get a Remodel in your hand, play it, even if it means passing up other actions, and even if it means you won't get to buy anything. This will keep your deck small and powerful. And, as Powerlord pointed out, this applies to Expand as well, and I'd throw Upgrade into the same box. If Workshop happens to be around, it can speed up the process. 
1261	boardgames	 In my experience, heavy use of Remodel works best in conjunction with another strategy; you can't usually rely on it exclusively, but it can give you a strong boost. Get into the Remodel game early and aggressively (especially when no other trashing options exist). Most importantly, learn to recognize when other strategies are more powerful than Remodel, and don't be afraid to only buy one and use it only moderately when that's the case. Remodeling from Coppers and Estates all the way up to Provinces takes a long time, so find a way to buy or gain a lot of Golds through other means, and then use Remodel to bump them to Provinces. Near the end game, you can be especially aggressive with dumping your Golds, even when it drops your coin in hand down and limits your purchase to a Duchy. It's also beneficial to combine it with attacks to slow your opponents down enough to let your Remodel strategy come to fruition. 
1262	boardgames	 This card kind of has me stumped. In my experience, the vast majority of games deplete the Province or Colony pile before any other, ending the game. Which means in most circumstances, this card is basically an overpriced Village, which isn't a very strong card to begin with. It seems to me the key is knowing when Supply piles are likely to run low. Are there any things to look for in the setup of 10 Kingdom cards to help predict when this might happen? Or are you better off waiting until it actually does happen before investing in this card? 
1263	boardgames	 I can see some synergy with Treasure Map, which tends to disappear fast. 
1264	boardgames	 More supply piles tend to go in 5 or 6 player games. Cards that synergize with themselves tend to get bought out quickly - like Caravan, Treasure Map, and Laboratory. Extra buys also seem to increase the rate at which Kingdom cards get bought out. Terminal actions (ones that do not give you +1 Action) tend to get bought less frequently, as each player would only consider 1-2 copies anyway. It seems lower cost cards (2 and 3) aren't bought out very much. 4-5 costs appear to go fastest. I have noticed City itself is frequently the first one to get bought out if any will, and that immediately boosts all of them. Generally I tend to wait on City until I notice people are grabbing Kingdom cards, but I also generally lose to the guy who bought 5 of them. 
1270	boardgames	 I kept searching for the past few days, but the only thing I found was tenhou's logging feature. It basically lets you replay previous hands, so you "only" need to find strong players and links to their hand records. I do not yet know how to do that. Example: . It starts with some Japanese advertisment, but just click the link at the bottom after a few seconds and you'll be lead straight to the game. Everything is self-explanatory from that point on. Sadly, I have no idea how strong the players in the link are, I just found it by accident. Apart from that there is a number of youtube videos, but it's rather hard to follow so I can't recommend it really. Sadly neither of these options offers commentaries, so it's only partly useful. Edit: This page tells how to watch replays on tenhou.net. It's a very comprehensive guide. Also have a look at this page which explains how to watch live games of high dan players. Replays on tenhou look like this: 
1276	boardgames	 This source explicitly states that 13O and 7P are the only exceptions in Riichi. A Winning hand is, except for two exceptions, composed of four MELDS (mentsu [面子]) and a PAIR (jantoo, [雀頭]). The two exceptions are the SEVEN PAIRS (chiitoitsu [七対子]) hands (covered in a later section) and the THIRTEEN ENDS (kokushimusoo [国士無双]) hands (covered later in the special hands section) 
1277	boardgames	 I found this page that explicitly states the problem in the OP. Essentially, certain properties of the hand give multipliers (yaku [役]). At least one multiplier is necessary for the hand to win. Multiplier, or "fan", is based on properties of the hand or how it was won (yaku). For instance, a fully concealed hand (menzenchin tsumohou [門前清模和]) gives 1 yaku, so the win condition is satisfied. In the example given in the OP, no multipliers apply. For a list of multiplier sources, see here . Other common sources of yaku include: fanpai [翻牌] / yakuhai [役牌] - "Pon of honors" - A tri or a quad in any element / the round or position wind. tanyaochuu [断幺] - "No Terminals" - A hand with no terminals/honors. (Sometimes required to be closed though - this depends on the actual rules in effect) 
1278	boardgames	 I find Memoir 44 very interesting and exciting, but it seems everyone I introduce it to has the same gripe. They (and I) don't like having a unit getting pummeled by the opposing force without being able to fight back. It doesn't fit in with the game's realistic/historical feel, and/or it weakens the game's element of strategy. I'm not sure how to fix this issue with a rule modification without undermining some of the basic elements of the game like the luck of the draw. 
1279	boardgames	 I personally like this element of the game. If you know your opponent doesn't have cards for a section then pounce on it. Also changing these rules would take away from the historical advantage/disadvantage of sides in terms of number of commands cards. Here are a couple of ideas I could come up with: Play a card and instead of doing what the card says, activate one unit in the section of your choice Do not play a card and have a rule saying you can activate one unit in the section of your choice. Have a rule where you can skip your turn and instead discard and replace any number of command cards of your choice. Have a rule where you can play any card or no card and instead of doing what the card says allow 1 or 2 units to a section of your choice to retreat 1 or 2 spots to a more defensive position and not allow any forward movement or attacking. 
1280	boardgames	 It sure is frustrating when this happens to one or more sections of an army, I agree. I wonder though, if it would actually decrease historical realism if it was somehow removed or mitigated. The lack of order cards in a certain section could be analogous to: The commander losing radio contact with his troops. He is then unable to tell them when or where to fight back. A unit experiencing mechanical difficulties and is unable to move or return fire. A unit having run out of ammunition. 
1281	boardgames	 BattleLore, which also uses the Command and Colors system, has a "battle back" rule. Perhaps the rule could be adapted like so: Fight Back When an Infantry or Armor unit is attacked in close combat, a player may choose to have the attacked unit Fight Back if it did not retreat and was not eliminated. Armor units, however, may not Fight Back if the attacking unit is Infantry. To Fight Back, roll the appropriate number of dice, checking for unit, terrain, and other effects. Resolve combat as usual. A unit that Fights Back may not Take Ground or Armor Overrun afterward even if the attacking unit retreats or is eliminated. Only one round of fighting back may occur per attack order (e.g., the attacking unit can't "fight back" after having attacked, even if the target fights back). A unit may, however, fight back more than once in a turn if it is attacked by multiple units in close combat (once for each unit that attacked it in close combat). The Fight Back tactic may neither be used against or by Aircraft. Air Checks are resolved as usual. It seems reasonable to eliminate the restriction preventing a unit from fighting back unless it has a friendly unit adjacent to it (one example of "bold" morale in BattleLore) because close combat is much less common in Memoir 44 than the equivalent in BattleLore. It also seems realistic. Units would not always shoot back when taking fire from the enemy (e.g., seeking to gain ground, keeping cover, pinned down, saving ammo, or orders). However, when in close combat, it becomes fight-or-die and (depending on the scale of distance represented by a hex) ammo becomes less of a question (knives, bayonets, fistfights, or picking up ammo from fallen soldiers). Tanks would have a much more difficult time fighting back when attacked by soldiers, and artillery would be difficult to aim quickly and safely enough in the duress of close combat. 
1287	boardgames	 We follow an (admittedly odd) rule whereby the distinction lies between forced moves and optional moves. Essentially, if you forgot to do something you were required to do, we do our best to roll back to that point. However, if you forgot to do something which you were allowed not to do, then you're stuck with that move. This may come from the fact that we frequently play games like Battlestar Galactica, wherein "I forgot to do move X" may in fact be cover for "I did not want to do move X, but don't want you to know that, so I will instead claim error". 
1289	boardgames	 If Calamity Janet has a Barrel, can she use it to generate a Missed! and then use her special ability to turn the Missed! into a Bang! in order to avoid Indians? 
1291	boardgames	 In order to counter Indians, you must discard a Bang! card. Calamity Janet can use Missed! cards as Bang! cards. Barrel, however, does not give you a Missed! card when it works successfully - it just causes a Missed! effect that can be used to cancel a Bang!. Since you don't have a Missed! card to discard, Calamity Janet can't use Barrel to avoid Indians in this way. 
1292	boardgames	 I have played Deluxe Illuminati from the beginning, and have all the original expansions and the Y2K expansion. The problem is that when playing with Y2K, you end up with too many cards in the deck. Does anyone have a good way of deciding which cards to use? Is there an official method? 
1294	boardgames	 My choice is the third alternative . Suppose you play a game with the rule that "forgotten privileges are lost" , then that game might be less fun. So, in such games it would be good to make the previous(/next) players to remember their privileges. If it will be a problem with the "forgotten privileges are lost" rule, then that game might probably be bad designed. Such a bad design can usually be easily fixed, using pen and paper. On the other hand, any rule where "forgotten privileges are NOT lost" , might still be worse than the lost rule, depending on the situation. So, there should be a third alternative: At least as long as no privilege is forgotten and no pen and paper are used, pay attention to the previous(/next) players and remind them of their privileges. First time any privilege is forgotten should go with the rule "forgotten privileges are NOT lost" . Any time, a player forgets a privilege again , it should be lost . So, the general usage of pen and paper (for at least that player) should be established after the first time. Dependent on the type of game, it is very irritating and therefore suboptimal to pay attention to the previous player : Oneself has to be reminded whenever it is the previous player's turn, and one cannot think about the own turn while paying attention to the previous player. So, at least in that case, it will be better to pay attention to the next player's turn instead. To do this is actually contra-intuitive, because one's stress is gone when the own turn ends; so, this has to be trained and secured by observing the observer: pay attention that the next player pays attention. If this is too bothersome, remember that pen and paper might be good alternatives to minimize the needed attention span. 
1296	boardgames	 I have a game board made of heavy card stock that doesn't lie flat at the creases, and the sections bow a little. Is there a way to keep it lying flat? Maybe a way to mount it? The board is from Commands &amp; Colors: Ancients . 
1297	boardgames	 Played my first 4 player game of Roll Through the Ages official last night. I've played the solo game quite a bit but I quickly discovered that the multiplayer game plays a bit differently! What development should be purchased first and why? 
1298	boardgames	 The simple answer is corrugated cardboard. Cheap and effective, but it looks bad from one end. Another option is to find a larger board from another game and glue your board to it, trimming the edges of the board and re-wrapping them with paper tape. 
1299	boardgames	 From the discussion about protecting board sufaces comes the idea of placing a sheet of Plexiglas on top of your board. That just might have enough weight to push it down. If it doesn't you'll still have a flat albeit slightly tilted surface. 
1300	boardgames	 I don't mind to, in the first turn, buying a cheap plant with a lot of storage space (say, three coal). The cheap plant will help you in the turn order. Now I stock up on cheap resources (cheap because we are in the start of the game) so later my one-coal plant can run for 6 turns. This has the additional bonus that resources become more expensive for the other players. If you can get a city where you can connect to the next city for free, the money saved allows you to stock up nicely. 
1302	boardgames	 There is a clone of Phase 10 called Wizard Cards you could download and install. Magmic games has released versions of Phase 10 for Blackberry and iPhone also. There doesn't seem to be a version you can play in your browser online at this time. 
1304	boardgames	 On my polished wood table any disturbance (and I have kids, so you can imagine the disturbances...) can shift tiles around, which I then feel compelled to try to adjust to be flush with those around them. I want to get a mat to fix this, and was wondering if anyone has had experience doing this, and can offer advice. Thanks! 
1305	boardgames	 For Settlers of Catan , there is an expansion you can get that consists of six interlocking long sections that frame the pieces in. At worst, your entire island will shift, instead of individual hexes. I just picked it up recently from my local game store after seeing our island moved one too many times. For other tile-based games, I would suggest a tablecloth like Egg of P'an Ku suggested, or a large piece of fabric (or felt) that you can get at a craft store -- you don't want any fabric to be TOO slippery, though. You can even go one step further and get those no-slip rubber mats for rugs to place between the table and the tablecloth. The only downside to that I could see is the tablecloth may occasionally get bunched up. You could also try a table-top gaming mat, or simply skip the tablecloth and just use a large number of the no-slip mats I mentioned above, and place your tiles directly on the rubber mats. 
1306	boardgames	 In my games, I almost always purchase Irrigation first, because Drought can be really devastating to your score and Irrigation provides some defense against the fact that you can't reroll skulls in multiplayer. 
1307	boardgames	 Small Deck Similar to "Remove Your Bad Cards", the small deck approach is not just about bad cards. It's about keeping the deck size as small as possible to cycle through your deck as soon and often as possible (ideally, getting those trusty golds/actions in play more often). With the small deck approach, I will typically buy fewer actions, build out a solid set of golds, and then start hammering on the provinces. 
1308	boardgames	 You could try some no-slip shelf liner (the kind you use for kitchen cabinets). They're sold by the roll at various department stores, fairly cheaply. They lay flat and can be cut into whatever shape you need. If you can, I would splurge and err on the side of using a heavier-duty liner. The cheap stuff is probably little better than a tablecloth. For Carcassonne specifically, you'll want to make sure you cover as much of the table as is practical. You probably don't want to artificially constrain the game if your no-slip surface isn't big enough. 
1309	boardgames	 Strategic deck building At the beginning of the game, you need to plan your deck. Find cards that will work together well. But choosing cards isn't all there is to it, it's very important to learn when to purchase certain cards. There is no reason in the world to purchase a Village in your first few turns. Likewise, you'll rarely want to buy a Chapel in the later stages of the game. In most games, you can break the game down into three phases. Some kingdom cards can change this approach, but in general, this is how I think about the game: Early Game: Look at the ten kingdom cards available and learn to distinguish which are key "jump start" cards: cards that help you get to bigger purchases as fast as possible. These cards are key for your first three or four times through your deck. Since your deck is still small, you will cycle through it quickly in the beginning, and they will come up frequently. You generally only want one or two of these jump start cards, then fill out the rest of your purchases with Silver. Occasionally, a good jump start card will also work as a strong mid-game card (such as Bridge). Your goal in the early game is to get to your mid game strategy as quickly as possible. Often, but not always, this means getting enough coin in your deck to enable you to purchase cards that cost 5 or more in nearly every turn. These cards can (and should!) be purchased in your first two turns. These cards generally cost 3 or 4 coin and give you a fast way to afford the out-of-reach 5-cost cards: Moneylender, Smithy, Bridge, Chancellor, etc. Low-cost Attack cards serve a similar function, by slowing down your opponents before they reach their mid-game. Mid Game This is when you build the strategic deck you've planned from the available 10 Kingdom cards. If you played your early game correctly, you should now consistently have the buying power needed to do so. With the exception of terminal actions, you will probably want several of these powerful cards. This means Golds &amp; Platinums (first and foremost), Festivals, Grand Market, Tribute, Peddler, etc. By the end of mid-game, your deck should be the powerhouse you envisioned at the beginning. You have cards that synergize well and you can purchase at least a Province on most turns. When you have that, pull the trigger on your late game. Late Game Buy victory points! Now that you've build your dream deck, use it for its key purpose: grabbing up Provinces. You can mostly forget about your deck-building here, and just focus on the green cards. On turns where you can't afford a Province, perform deck maintenance: buy another Gold or other mid-game action card so you don't lose too much power after you shuffle in the victory cards you've been buying. As the supply piles dwindle, don't be afraid to cannibalize your deck by Remodeling Golds into Provinces or Forging your powerful cards into Colonies. A note on trashing cards Some cards (Chapel especially) let you focus on narrowing down your deck by trashing unwanted cards. Often, your best bet is to start with this immediately, prior to your "early game" strategy. All the cards you want to trash are right there in your deck at the beginning of the game: Coppers and Estates. Before you add too many "good" cards to your deck, get rid of these while you are more likely to draw them along with your Chapel or other trashing card. (This same approach works well with Treasure Map: buy two or three treasure maps right off the bat and then buy nothing until you can cash them in.) This may seem counter-productive, as you spend several turns without progressing through early- and mid-game, but once you have concentrated your deck, you should be able to get through them to your late-game much faster. Cards that don't fit these definitions There are also plenty of cards that don't fit into any of the above categories. Village, Great Hall, Pawn, etc. These don't hurt your deck (since they often have +1 Card &amp; +1 Action), but they do little to help you progress through the phases of the game. Buy these only when you can't afford any truly strategic purchases: when you think your deck is on its way to the next phase but you just got a bad shuffle, and yet another Silver would just dilute the Golds you are starting to buy. 
1310	boardgames	 Felt. A thousand casinos can't be wrong. Padded felt also makes it easier to pick cards/chits up off the table. 
1311	boardgames	 Not an exact match and you may have considered it already, but Uno is a broadly similar game (and a fellow member of the ' shedding ' family of card games) - it has a huge number of theme packs and online versions . 
1312	boardgames	 I wrote a program to simulate mahjong hand dealings. It's not verified yet, but so far, the ratio appears to be around 1 in 100,000 games. (The output was the chance that the case happened to at least 1 out of 4 players) I had the fixed program run for a bit (1.7 billion draws): At this point, the state space of the random number generator is likely rather close to exhausted, so further research requires a different implementation (this is easy, I just did not bother yet). If the math of @Jan is correct, it would be pretty easy to replace the RNG with a permutator and just perform a whole-space search to calculate a precise result. The above program calculates around 2m hands per second on my box, so it would take 40-ish hours. Update: I implemented a proper RNG , optimized the program slightly and let it search through 25 billion random draws: The last line is the current state (previous lines for picturing variance). 
1314	boardgames	 I think Cities &amp; Knights is my preferred expansion out of that and Seafarers. I'm hoping to get Traders and Barbarians soon. Seafarers I feel didn't add much to the game, it's easy to pick up, but honestly most games are won by simply staying putt and not using ships/visiting islands which is what seafarers is all about. Cities &amp; Knights adds a whole new dynamic to the game, and you have to completely re-shift your strategies. The problem with it however, is once you pull into the lead it can be quite difficult for those dropping behind to make much impact in the game. 
1315	boardgames	 I just took one of my old Bridge tables and is using that for most games, it works great as long as we're 4 players. I also have a fairly cheap 8-sided poker foldable tabletop thing for bigger sessions (with the added bonus of drinkholders). This means another table which is perhaps not an option for you but both options can be folded and take very little space when not playing at least. 
1316	boardgames	 A simple search for Card Shuffler on google will list loads of them, does anyone have experience with one that can be used for multiple card sizes? I'm looking for something that can preferably shuffle both small games like Gosu, big ones like Dixit as well as standard bridge playing cards. Sleeved and unsleeved alike. Any recommendations out here? 
1317	boardgames	 How about Pictionary ? I've played it with quite large teams (about 10 on each side) and it's a riot. 
1318	boardgames	 In addition to Kristo's answer , if you have a wood shop you likely have a router mat which would accomplish something similar. 
1319	boardgames	 You could try adhering the card stock to modeling plywood (the &lt;1/8" variety) to add rigidity, but keep the board from being too thick. 
1321	boardgames	 I've only played a few games of the base set, but I already noticed some very powerful combinations: Laboratory can be repeatedly combo'd with itself to draw a massive amount of treasure from your deck early in the game. Remodel can be used on Gold to quickly convert it to provinces during endgame. Share your favorite powerful combinations. 
1322	boardgames	 Nobles Nobles combine very well with themselves, or with action multipliers like Throne Room, King's Court or Golem. 
1323	boardgames	 I found this in my digging through the web (posted Friday, May 7, 2010 4:48 pm): The other day I was following some links and clicked on the URL for the Mystery Train expansion: I noticed that the page for this was no longer valid (though it had been live just a few months ago) Curious about this, I wrote Customer Support at Days of Wonder, and they replied: Thank you for your request. Support for this expansion has been discontinued. Best Regards, Yann Corno - Customer Service - Days of Wonder - Come out and play! Now, luckily, I had archived the old Mystery Train pages before they disappeared. My mirror of that site can be found here: There are statements on two other pages on BoardGameGeek ( 1 and 2 ) that say there's no such thing available. One workaround would be to resize the cards (and fix the images so they look okay at the new scale), but distributing the modified PDF could be copyright infringement. 
1324	boardgames	 The Battle Missions book , near the end, features a scenario called Kill Teams, wherein: Your force org chart is: 0-1 elite 0-2 troops 0-1 fast attack 200 points. Exact Rules: Every man For Himself: All models operate as individual units in this mission, even if they were chosen as part of a squad or squadron. In addition, when a model shoots or fights in an assault, it may split its attacks up amongst any eligible targets if desired. The issue: The new Dark Eldar are very dependent on their Pain Token abilities. These grant "pain tokens" to the squad at certain times (1 to start, and gain additional ones for wiping out other units). Are the pain tokens now tracked 'per model'? Or still shared among the whole squad? Do you now gain pain tokens for each model killed, or just when you wipe out all the models that make up an enemy squad? 
1325	boardgames	 Bang! has had a relatively large number of changes over the years. I know lots of people who are used to a different edition than I am. Often, this means they are used to a different set of rules and a different deck composition. What are the changes in each edition? For the sake of clarity, I mean only the editions having English text. (Italian/English versions are fine but not the versions like French or Czech/Slovak/Polish.) Whenever an expansion has been included in an edition, I'd appreciate it if you would describe any changes from the separately-available expansion or which edition the expansion is. As far as I'm aware, there are five different editions of Bang! , listed below (printings' dates listed in parentheses): 1st Edition (2002) 2nd Edition (2003, 2005) 3rd Edition (2007) The Bullet (2007, 2009, 2010) 4th Edition (2008) Note: Your answer doesn't have to say all the changes for every edition; it will help even if you just mention a few changes. 
1326	boardgames	 If there is nothign in the Kill Team rules that says individual models are considered to be a single squad of 1, then I would say the pain tokens are given to the entire squad (a squad being one elite, troop or fast attack choice) for wiping out an entire enemy squad. However, if the Kill Team rules explicitly state that each model is conisdered to be its own squad, then I would say pain tokens are given on an individual model basis for each model they wipe out. 
1327	boardgames	 Yes you may, but only on your turn. Playing this way is not considered a discard. Emiliano Sciarra (the game's creator and designer) posted some answers on his site as follows: Q. Can I play a Beer if I am at full life points? A. Yes: the Beer will simply have no effect at all. [...] Q. Can I play a Beer card if there are only two players alive? A. Yes, but it has no effect at all. [...] Q. Can I voluntarily discard my cards? A. No, neither cards from your hand nor cards in play in front of you. ... [T]he character Sid Ketchum can discard exactly 2 cards when he chooses so to regain one life point. Also, the creator explained that other cards with the icon are not the same as a Beer card. They can be used to restore life points when only two players are in play, and can also be played without effect when your life points are full. However, they can't be used to restore your last life point (or played outside of phase 2 of your turn for any other reason). 
1328	boardgames	 With any other multiple action card: 5 Victory point tokens for trashing a card that could cost you nothing if you played 4 actions: No, seriously, the possibilities are endless. There's a reason why card randomizers are so common... so that you play with a different set of 10 cards of the 112/115 available cards each time. 
1329	boardgames	 I feel like posting more combinations. 
1330	boardgames	 Just a couple I've encountered recently: Treasure Map + Watchtower - being able to put new Treasure Maps on top of your deck in the early game significantly improves the odds that you'll get two in your hand. Counting House + Cellar - discard all your Copper, draw replacements, then put the Copper back in your hand. Herbalist + Platinum - really, this is just obscene. Scrying Pool + City - the Scrying Pool is so weak, and so cheap, and so horribly effective if you've got a lot of Cities in your deck. Oh, and I forgot: Counting House + Vault - sure, you need +1 action to pull this off, but at a minimum it makes all the copper in your hand worth double. Contraband + Gardens - especially if your opponent doesn't think to ban you from buying more Contraband with your Contraband. It's not hard to average 3 cards a turn with this. 
1331	boardgames	 Not mentioned thus far, but an important aspect of this card: it stacks. You need extra actions, of course - City, Laboratory, Worker's Village, etc. - but playing two Coppersmiths in a turn can be very strong. 
1332	boardgames	 When you are trying to cash in Treasure Maps, use Chancellor to reshuffle your deck if you missed the pairing. 
1333	boardgames	 Last night we played with the Bridges, Castles, and Bazaars expansion for Carcassonne. We also played with a few other expansions, but ran into several situations where we weren't sure of the rules. Previously, for unfamiliar expansions, we have used the annotated rules by Matthew Harper , but they don't go as far as this expansion. Does anyone know of a list of interaction rules for this expansion? Edit to give examples: We weren't sure about the effect of builders in a bazaar round, from which tiles dragons can eat knights in castles (if at all), whether the castles can be used over two tile cities where the tiles aren't simple curves. Also whether the bazaar breaks the road and how to do bazaars near the end of the game when there's not enough tiles left (these last two aren't to do with interaction with other expansions). Edit to give another example: Also do castles count as cities for the purposes of scoring the king? Note: I'm fairly certain I've missed off lots of combinations here, but the annotated rules has cleared up all the questions we've had with previous expansions. I'm really after a reference like it for this expansion. 
1334	boardgames	 This goes for many games where players take turns to draw cards, but I specifically wondered about Carcassonne: Do you allow players to pre-draw tiles and look at those tiles before it's their turn ? So they don't have to wait until it's their turn, but somewhere between their last turn and their new turn, they can draw? I myself don't like this tactic too much, as the players now possess information which the game rules did not intend them to possess yet. Especially if you allow &quot;discussion&quot; or &quot;persuasion&quot; ( no, lay your road there and take it - aha, now I got the perfect hole for my cloister! ). Pro's Players can think ahead Game advances faster Con's Unintended possession of early information (only if the original order of drawing is broken:) less drawing choice for other players 
1335	boardgames	 You've pretty much summed up nicely in your question, but I thought I'd answer anyway. We've played three different ways with different groups of people. Usually we play the original rules - that is tiles must be drawn at the start of a turn. This works well with smaller groups of players who don't insist on studying all the options. With a large group of friends we have played that players are allowed to pre-draw and discuss. This leads to faster play and advice based on tiles that are seen early. It also causes a small amount of suspicion (are they recommending based on what they've got in their hand?), which can also be fun if not over analysed. The third way is how we play with some of our friends more prone to analysis paralysis. We allow pre-drawing, but once a player has seen their tile they may not give advice on where to place the current tile. This is less fun as there is less conversation, but tends to speed games up. One more thing to consider is pre-drawing near the end of the game. For example if a player has their builder in play ( Builders and Traders ), then they may use two tiles in their turn, instead of one. 
1336	boardgames	 We've played it slightly different than tttppp ; we allow pre-drawing of tiles, as long as the drawing order remains unchanged, and there is no discussion of the tile you have pulled. For example, if we have players 1, 2 and 3, and it is player one's turn, player 3 can draw their next tile as long as player 2 has already drawn their next tile. Yes, tile drawing is random, but we prefer that the tiles are still drawn in order. The no-discussion portion keeps the spirit of the game I think, because normally you wouldn't have pre-drawn a tile, and you wouldn't have that extra information from the pre-drawn tile. Pre-drawing makes the game go much faster, since your decision making can be done in advance, as long as a player before you doesn't take the space you wanted, and our groups have no problem with it. 
1337	boardgames	 I would say that this is similar in nature to the question I raised about taking back turns / forgotten privileges Taking back turns, and forgotten privileges The excellent answer given was If no new information has been disclosed since a decision, then a player is allowed to take back any action or inaction where this is practical. So, in this context, I would say it is fine to take tiles early, as long as it does not give a player any unfair advantage. I think this situation is fairly reflected across all games, and not just carcassonne. 
1338	boardgames	 We allow pre-drawing of the next tile, but the drawer can't even look at it. He just speeds things up by having it in his hand ready to go. 
1339	boardgames	 I've always just overbent the board at the creases, and it usually helps it lay flatter. 
1340	boardgames	 Properly manage your reshuffling frequency An advanced strategy is in certain situations to take cards like shanty town or lookout on turns 1/2 in order to increase your rate of reshuffles, and therefore give more value to each card you gain because you will draw this card sooner than you otherwise would, and you also get to use it more times throughout the course of the entire game. Another very important thing to consider is during your turn if you run out of cards, to decide whether it's good to reshuffle your discard pile into a new library or not. Sometimes it's can be really good because this will set up your next few turns in a good way, something like all money for two turns and then youll have all your actions from this turn stacked together after the money. Most of the time however it's a lot better to get your library to zero cards and leave it there, that way you don't get any clumps that will hurt you later on. Check out this post of mine from BGG for some more detail on this point. 
1341	boardgames	 Remodel has 2 major uses, both of which apply games of all very strong players. 1: in the early game, if there are no other better cards to take on turns 1/2 like baron/militia/smithy, then remodel can be a great pick because it let's you trash those estates. 2: in the late game, remodel is used on gold's and nobles to get provinces. This will very often swing the game if your opponents do not take remodel at the correct time, and you do. 
1342	boardgames	 Some Ideas Admittedly I haven't tried the expansion yet, but here is my take on the specific issues you mentioned: Builders in bazaar round: Just as bazaars gotten during bazaar round don't count as bazaars because it's not normal tile placement, the builder shouldn't do anything special, either. Dragon with castle: I would force the follower to stay on the tile where he was before the city was converted, but I look forward to a more authoritative answer. Non-oval castles: The rules specify "consisting of only two semi-circular city segments". Bazaar road: It looks to me like it breaks it just as much as the Cloister from I &amp; C, which must break the road, unlike the other Cloister in the Bazaar pic. Bazaar near end of game: No idea on this one. 
1343	boardgames	 When I play with a larger group, we usually have the face-down tiles in a bag instead of on the table. It's often simpler to draw your next tile right after you've played your turn. In effect, the bag follows the turn order around the table. You just need to be careful that you don't accidentally draw a tile when you already have one. Also, you'll want to avoid pre-drawing when you're close to running out of tiles. It's important that endgame tile draws happen in the correct order. If your group has a lot of "aggressive negotiation" over tile placement, I would discourage drawing your tile until it really is your turn. Otherwise you risk changing the outcome of the game. 
1344	boardgames	 Wow, there's a lot of questions in there. For starters, I agree with everything in Andrew's answer . As for the two questions not yet answered: The rules say that a football town can be converted to a castle, meaning it's not a town anymore. Also, the scoring rules state (emphasis mine): "a castle next to a field scores 4 points (instead of 3 like a city )." I think that means a castle is clearly different from a town. So you don't get the king tile if you convert the first town to a castle, and castles should not be counted when scoring the king. A bazaar round when there aren't enough tiles left is an opportunity for a player to buy an extra turn when he wouldn't otherwise get one. I'm totally in favor of that. These are just my opinions - I don't have that expansion so I don't know how it plays out in practice. I too would like to see a more authoritative answer. 
1345	boardgames	 Allow it? We require it. In vanilla Carcassonne, that is. In versions where you could make material use of that information (e.g. The City, once walls come into play) we disallow it. We just assume that a person giving you advice is using the information on his tie to slant it to his benefit. 
1346	boardgames	 I'm looking for something that would let me store the board setup and move the pieces manually so that I can play with a friend via email/msn. It doesn't have to handle mailing or anything for me as long as I can move the pieces around :) 
1347	boardgames	 GamesByMail Scott Michtell just introduced me to GamesByMail to play Axis &amp; Allies, and I noticed that it has chess as well. All you need is an e-mail address to create a small profile, same thing for your opponent, and you're ready to play. You should get e-mail reminders when it is your turn. I haven't tried chess there yet, but if it's anything like A&amp;A was, you should be in good shape. 
1348	boardgames	 Time for Chess *? It also has a great iPhone optimised site. a.k.a. Red Hot Pawn ;) 
1349	boardgames	 There are many options for online chess. A very simple site I use is itsyourturn.com. You get email reminders and it just does what you need if you want play chess with a friend. For more advanced options look at freechess.org . There are several different clients for it. 
1350	boardgames	 I love board games and don't mind sitting down for 10-15 minutes with some experienced players to learn how to play a complex game. However, I don't think most of my friends are as tolerable of complexity as I am. I have a feeling they might get a little spooked at seeing a shadows over camelot board, but might be able to handle something like dominion. What are some good games that newcomers can get started at quickly and feel proficient within a couple turns? I love games where brand new people can start developing good strategies within a few minutes. related: How can I recognize games I should avoid buying if I only play with non-hardcore gamers? 
1351	boardgames	 In the 50th anniversary edition you have two starting layout to chose from. The other answers seem to discuss mostly what is called the 1941 start in 50th ann. ed. We found that in the 1942 layout, Germany starts out MUCH stronger and is often able to wipe out Russia if they are not careful enough. 
1352	boardgames	 I like No Thanks, a small little game from Z-MAN. The rules take about 3 minutes to explain and games go in no more than 10 minutes, and while there's a lot of luck, there's also a lot of strategy. If you want something more involved, my single favorite card game to date is Wizard. It's fast-moving (but a bit long to play the whole game), and is familiar to players of Hearts, Spades or other trick-based card games. There's enough luck to let beginners get in the door, but enough strategy you can't win by accident. 
1353	boardgames	 Settlers We usually introduce new people with Settlers, which lets them see that games can have different mechanics than the usual family games they're used to, but is still pretty simple to learn. 
1354	boardgames	 Power Grid Has very few rules to get to grips with, but strategically quite varied. It does not take long for someone to realise that money and resources is key to winning the game, but the change of turn order, buying the right power plants at the right time, give a great mix of strategic fun that is quick to learn. My group introduced a new player using power grid, and he was up and running in minutes, and has never looked back! 
1356	boardgames	 Small World We've taught several people Small World as their first game outside the regular realm of Monopoly and Sorry, and almost everybody wants to play it again. Small World is an area control game dressed up as a wargame. People understand the point and the theme right away. It's really only got one mechanic which makes it easy to teach, and a zillion combinations of race / special power which makes it eminently replayable. 
1357	boardgames	 Ticket to Ride or Carcassonne are the two games that we generally use. We have been so successful with Ticket to Ride Europe that not only have friends bought the game but they have taught it to friends of friends who have also gone and bought the game. 
1358	boardgames	 Dominion The base set for Dominion is really simple to teach. I find that non-gamers are able to grok the rules a bit easier than gamers. The mechanics are simple although I think people can get hung up on the discarding your entire hand at the end of your turn. It's pretty easy to see the strategic options, not very easy to get it working in your favor. 
1359	boardgames	 Pandemic In general, cooperatives are easy to teach because there are no issues with advising players on what to do. With Pandemic, it's really not a problem to look at another player's cards and help them make decisions. 
1360	boardgames	 Treehouse Treehouse and other Looney Labs pyramid games are excellent for playing in a bar evnironment, in fact the game Martian Coasters was created for with this in mind. 
1361	boardgames	 Dog / Tock/TAC Most folks should already be familiar with Pachisi style games so explaining the rest to them is easy and the game is a lot more fun that the more traditional versions. 
1362	boardgames	 Khet Fits the bill perfectly. Stratigically similar to chess but without much less complex rules. Most people pick it up after a few turns 
1363	boardgames	 Dixit &amp; Dixit 2 I played this last evening with my family which included my kids whom are 6 years old and my grandma who is 92. None of them knew the rules beforehand. I think I spent roughly 3 minutes covering scoring and how to play. It's not overly strategic perhaps but it's loads of fun for everyone including people who normally do not play much games. 
1364	boardgames	 The term "dead hand" is maybe ambiguous. The certainly most common use is for hands that may no further participate in the game due to a critical, usually accidental, mistake. This is related, but not identical to chombo (a usually intentional mistake by a player that ends the round and forces the offender to pay mangan). The OP was referring to MCR rules. I am not very familiar with MCR, but to gain a basic understanding of the term, let me refer you to these ( simplified ) rules for dead hands in riichi mahjong: The following actions result in a dead hand: Looking at the tiles in an opponents hand or the dead wall. Drawing a tile before the opponent before you has discarded, or drawing in any inappropriate way. Making an invalid CHI, PON or KAN or declaring one invalidly. This includes KUIGAE. A hand is dead immediately after any of the above conditions are noticed. A player with a dead hand may not declare CHI PON KAN or a win. A player with a dead hand is considered NOTEN, even if his hand is TENPAI. I have found one other use of the term "dead hand", but I have never seen this elsewhere: A hand in which no one completes a winning hand before all tiles except the Dead Wall have been drawn. The round ends then with no winner. 
1365	boardgames	 How many possible starting hands are there in Texas Hold'em? 
1366	boardgames	 1326 According to Wikipedia, using the formula (52 * 51) / 2. 
1367	boardgames	 169 While Chris is technically correct, as far as strategy is concerned, there is no difference between having an Ace &amp; King of spades vs. Ace &amp; King of hearts. There is however a difference between having a suited Ace &amp; King vs. a non-suited Ace &amp; King. Looking at it that way, there are 169 possible starting hands. 
1368	boardgames	 I love playing Monopoly with my friends and I'm known for giving extra money or trading a cheaper property with a more expensive one and even paying some amount on top of it. Obvioulsy I love the smaller cards, as I can buy more houses in a short amount of time and earn more money in the long run. This strategy did work really well most of the time, but lately I'm paying too much for those properties. I wonder if there is a quick method to figure out when a trade gives me positive expected value (+ev). 
1369	boardgames	 I haven't played Axis &amp; Allies in a while, and I'm currently getting my butt handed to me in an online match (partly due to a failed Kwabang attack). I've got what I feel is a solid grip on Russia and US strategies (build tons of infantry, and put pressure on Africa and the Pacific, respectively), but I'm rusty on my U.K. strategies. Assuming that Germany has taken out the U.K. fleet, and still has a strong fleet/air force available, what are the best opening moves for the U.K.? 
1371	boardgames	 I don't think there is a quick method, but there are a few simple rules to consider when trading your cards. 1) How much is the card worth to you. Therefore, what can you do with the money you gain as opposed to what could you do with the card you are selling 2) How much is the card worth to your opponent. If you are selling a card that allows an opponent to complete a row, you have to understand how likely they are to build houses/hotels and the likelihood of it affecting your game plan further into the game. 3) If selling to an opponent who doesn't really need the card, consider the likelihood of them selling the card on, and the impact this will have, as per point 2. For buying a card, the rules are pretty much the same as above, but inverse. You always need to weigh up the benefits you gain as opposed to what your opponent may gain, and think several moves ahead. Also, take a look at this thread about the best ROI for properties. Which property group colour gives the best ROI , undeveloped or fully developed, in Monopoly? . This will help you to calculate the real values of the properties in the game. 
1372	boardgames	 Tikal is a great board game for 2 to 4 players, and it plays very well with two. 
1374	boardgames	 I find myself always purchasing games that have similar game mechanics. I prefer worker-placement games, and railroad tycoon type games. All of these games borrow from each other in terms of how the game plays. I find this type of game suits my strategic style of play. I now want to introduce something new to my gaming group, and want to know what type of game mechanics I am really missing out on, and why they add to the overall experience of the game. What I want to know is what other type of game mechanics make a game more interesting to play, increase the strategic element and really make the game what it is. The type of thing I am after is similar comments to a conversation at my last gaming meeting, which was I much prefer Age of Steam to Railroad Tycoon, because of the way the resources are replenished. Where as Railroad Tycoon can dry up a city's resource quite quickly. 
1375	boardgames	 We used to play Pieces of Eight when we were drinking, but the rules get so complicated a few beers usually had us trying to buy more beer with the coins. 
1376	boardgames	 I thoroughly enjoy games that force players to interact with each other. If players have to directly interact with each other in order to advance in the game, I find that rather fun. It lets you get to know your friends better, and encourages them to talk. I enjoy resource trading in games likes Settlers of Catan immensely. While there are only a few rules governing how players trade, these interactions set the tone of the game. If you can cut a deal that helps you get the resources you need, this really helps you advance towards the game. However, how willing people are to trade with you is directly affected by how you've treated them in the past, this game and others, and what your offering them in return. I've also enjoyed how Citadels requires you to anticipate what other players think your doing. Citadels requires you to choose characters that helps you with a special ability each around. In Citadels, if your predictable in how you chose your character, you become an easy target to be either assassinated or robbed. I find the decisions and thought process I go through to choose a character, and the interactions that develop very rewarding. There are downsides to games with a lot of social interactions. I have one friend who is ruthless in Citadels and tends to cause one or more of the players to gang up on him during the course of the game. A number of us prefer not to sit next to him since this gives him a leg up on guess what character you've chosen. This tension though, makes the game more interesting to me. I've also noticed he rarely wins in Citadels. There are games though, like Apples to Apples , that consist mostly of social interaction. I enjoy those also, but find they can get a little boring after a while. 
1377	boardgames	 I like the way Tigris and Euphrates allows a user to sabotage someone's game plan. In games like Brass, I have been in situations where a player has built a link that has blocked me off from building, due to the way coal must be shipped to the location. Therefore, If I was able to blow up the rail link, and build over it, I think this would add an extra level of strategy, as a play could never become certain of their super position. 
1378	boardgames	 The resource track in Power Grid leads to some interesting decisions. If you haven't played it, the resource track has costs increasing left-to-right while the resources are replenished from right-to-left . This has a few interesting effects: Resources in demand tend to cost more. You can get resources on the cheap if you have a power plant type no one else is using. You can hoard resources (up to a point) to make them more costly for everyone else. Players have to make tough choices, especially since turn order is so important in Power Grid. The player in the lead goes last when buying resources. So a player can forego easy victory points in the short term to set up better prices for himself. It adds another dimension to the decision-making process, and those decisions matter. 
1379	boardgames	 A great element of Brass is that a Player gets two actions per turn, and the turn order changes based on the amount of money that is spent per round (the lowest amount spent is the first to go next). This allows a player to have upto 4 actions in a row, which makes hiding one's strategy quite effective. This mechanic keep players on their toes because it does not expose someone's strategy and makes it more difficult to defend against. This forces players to be more diverse in their own play. 
1380	boardgames	 I particularly like the strategy cards from Twilight Imperium . At the beginning of a round, everyone chooses a strategy card that gives each player a different special ability for that round. On your turn, one of your options is to activate your special ability. Most cards also come with a secondary ability that the other players can execute at that time. Since the drawing order varies from round to round, it's an important strategic element to be able to choose the strategy card you want. In a large game, odds are you won't be drawing first much of the time, so you'll need to make the best of what's available on your turn. Another game with a similar mechanic (though I've not played it) is Puerto Rico . 
1381	boardgames	 Despite Arkham Horror being a cooperative game, one of the glaring holes I noticed the first time I played was that it doesn't appear that multiple investigators can attack a single monster, and vice versa. I've read the rules a couple of times, but wanted to make completely sure: If two investigators are in the same space as a single monster, Investigator A has to either Evade the monster or pass a Horror check, then fight until they either win, flee or die. If Investigator A flees or dies, Investigator B has the same option to either Evade or pass a Horror check, and fight as normal. At no time can they somehow gang up together and add their Combat together against the monster, correct? 
1382	boardgames	 I think there are three basic strategies for the UK: Focus on India - with this approach, the UK cedes Africa to Germany. On the first turn, the UK builds a factory in India and uses its transport to move its two troops in Egypt to India, as well as the Egyptian tank and Syrian infantry into Persia (to move into India next turn). The fighters that start in the UK are moved to Karelia and then to India. For this tactic to work, UK must build troops and tanks in India each turn and continually harass Japan in Burma. Focus on Africa - here, UK cedes India to Japan and focuses on holding Africa. UK starts by moving her troops and fighter from India into Egypt. Sometimes people will build a factory in South Africa when going with this approach. Ignore Africa and India in the Early Game - with this approach UK does not build any factories. Some players build a bomber the first turn to have two bombers to take out the German fleet in the Mediterranean. Others build nothing the first turn, saving it for a carrier and transports for turn two. The general strategy here is to bide your time, prepare for a joint invasion of Africa and/or France with the US, and then make your move. In this approach, Germany will usually take Africa early on (although they won't hold it presuming their navy has been sunk) and Japan will take India early (and will hold all of Asia for most of the game). The Focus on India approach is designed to slow Japan down, to make her focus on building up forces and taking India rather than moving west toward Moscow. Against weaker players you may be able to force Japan off Asia from this factory (with reinforcement fighters from UK via Karelia), but against stronger players the factory is doomed. The Focus on Africa approach is aimed at bottling Germany up in Europe. This works best if you still have your Med sub after turn one and if you were fortunate enough to take out a number of German fighters when they attacked the UK sea zone. With this approach you need to kill off the German Med navy ASAP and then reclaim Africa from within. This almost always works against weaker players, and usually works if Germany has poor rolls at the beginning. If Germany had decent rolls and the player is good, you're going to lose your South African factory sooner than later. Personally, I prefer and usually play the Ignore Africa and India in the Early Game , especially if I'm going against someone who is a strong player. With this approach you don't spend any additional money or time on India or Africa in the early game. Instead, you build transports, a carrier, and coordinate with the US to take Africa back later (after the German Med navy is destroyed) via landing at Algeria from Spain Sea Zone. With this tactic you are letting Japan have Asia without much effort, so you'll need to make sure Russia heavily fortifies her capital and ensure that the US/UK can get their troop pipeline into Karelia going sooner than later. If you haven't yet read Don's Axis and Allies Strategic Essays , I heartily recommend them. They give a good overview of the Axis and Allies primary goals and tactics, and then delve into suggested opening moves and game-long plans for each power. (Don is a proponent of the Focus on India strategy for the UK.) 
1384	boardgames	 That is correct. With the exception of the Final Battle, all combat is one-on-one. Investigators cannot team up against monsters, and multiple monsters in a single location do not team up against an investigator. 
1390	boardgames	 It takes quite a lot of time to set up Puerto Rico, especially when switching between games with a different numbers of players; a quarter of an hour I'd say. The problem is that it is rather time consuming to separate the different types of chips, count the colonists and victory points, restrict the number of plantations, putting the buildings on the board, etc... I'm probably asking the impossible, but does anyone know a trick to cut down this rather long set up time? 
1391	boardgames	 Certainly -- the trick is do all the prep work after you finish a game. Once you are done with the game, sort everything out for the next game. These instructions all assume you will want to take into account the 2-Player variant when sorting; if you want to ignore the 2-player variant, ignore the bullets flagged with two stars (**). Personally, I play a lot of the 2-player variant because I have a hard time finding a third, so I have plastic bags labelled 2 Players , 3 Players , 4 Players , and 5 Players . ** For the 2-player variant, I have sorted out 2 of each production building and 1 of each purple building into one of the trays, and have the remaining buildings in a separate tray labeled "3+ Player Buildings". ** I have removed three of each type of plantation, and placed the remainder of the plantations in one of the tray spaces. ** The 2 Player bag contains: 65 victory points, 42 colonists. It also contains all the barrels of goods except for 2 barrels of each type (per the 2-player rules). The 3 Player bag contains 10 more victory points, 13 more colonists, and the remaining plantation tiles and goods barrels. Alternately, if you don't ever plan on playing with only 2 players, the 3 Player bag should contain the base 75 victory ponits and 55 colonists. You won't need to sort out plantations or barrels in this case. The 4 Player bag contains 25 more victory points, and 20 more colonists. The 5 Player bag contains the last 22 victory points, and the last 20 colonists. If you write the contents of what the 3, 4 and 5 player bags should have, you can fill those up, and the remainder goes into the 2 player bag. Now all you'll have to do is fish out the necessary corn and indigo plantations to determine who goes first, and you're all set. 
1392	boardgames	 Yep, as mentioned above, combat is one-on-one. Just wanted to add that there are rules for "team battles" at Arkham Investigations if you want to use them. 
1393	boardgames	 I think there's two types of answer to this depending on whether you mind longer putting-away times or not. If you're happy to put some extra effort into packing the pieces away, then a huge amount of time can be saved by storing the components in bags related to the number of players. For example a "3 player" victory point bag with 75 VPs in, a "4 player" victory point bag with 25 VPs in (100-75), and a "5 player" victory point bag with 22 VPs in (122-100). To play with 4 players simple get out the bags for three and four players. The same trick can be applied to the colonists. There is an example of this being done very neatly here: Assuming instead that you want to save time overall then I know of a few other things that help. The same idea behind having separate bags can be applied, by marking some of the victory point chips and colonists. For example it wouldn't affect the gameplay to have colonists painted in three different shades of brown or the front of the victory point chips marked with small dots. Alternatively colonists can be counted very quickly when they are flat on a surface by using two straight edges. The trick is to push them into a triangular shape and then select colonists by the number of rows. See this image , and the comments below it, for details. A final obvious, but sometimes overlooked, way to speed up the game set up, is to distribute the tasks. I usually end up doing this as otherwise some players have a tendency to stand back until the game is ready to begin. 
1395	boardgames	 The dominion strategy blog has a bunch of interesting combos. My favorites are: Black Market/Tactician : Use the black markets ability to play (not neccesarily even spend!) your money before the buy phase, to subvert the tacticians "throw away your hand" downside. You got to keep your money AND play the tactician! Ambassador/Curse : After you get your deck small, intentionally buy a curse to "upgrade" your ambassador into a sea hag! Quarry/Talisman : Talisman lets you gain an additional card when it costs &lt;= 4. Quarry reduces action costs by 2. Play a Quarry and Talisman together and for a single buy of a six cost action for $4, you get an additional one. 
1396	boardgames	 When using a "repeating" action, such as Throne room, with a "choice" action, such as Pawn or Nobles, can you make a different choice on each repeated action? For example, Throne Room states: Choose an action from your hand, play it twice. Nobles states: Choose one: +3 cards, +2 actions After playing these two cards, can you make the choice to get +3 cards from the first play of Nobles, and +2 actions from the second play of Nobles triggered by Throne Room? Also, if you may choose each time, what order are these actions resolved? Would I gain 3 cards, then the second Nobles choice is made, or are both Nobles actions simultaneous, so both choices have to be made before the first can be resolved? 
1398	boardgames	 The game of Targui has a nice way to divide the turns: There are 5 turn cards for each player. A dice is thrown, if the result is 1-5 shuffle that amount of turn cards. On a 6 only one card is shuffled. If your color is drawn, you can have your turn. On a 6 everybody has 2 turns in a row. Each player controls a tribe of desert people. The board consists of 7 x 7 tiles. Each having their own proberties. Your goal is to have the most resource points in the end. You can use your camels to occupy territory and you can fight with each other. Each stack of turn cards has an event card added. Which can be benificial or sometimes even disastrous. Because you never know when its your turn, you need to be prepared for almost anything. (the other player can have 3 or more turns before you can act). 
1399	boardgames	 I read this as follows: "Play it twice" applied to means: Play and then Play again I.e. there are two subsequent plays of pawn, which implies You can make different choices during each play Benefits you gain during the first play are available during the second play 
1400	boardgames	 As far as choice and action resolution goes, it's as though you have two of the card, and play them one after the other. Using Noble as the example in this case, one could choose to draw three cards during the first play, then, based on the cards you draw you could decide whether you want the +2 actions or three more cards. Nobles is my favorite card to stack with Throne Room, by far. As another example, let's say you play a Golem on top of a Throne Room. You would draw through your deck until you get two action cards, then determine the order in which you want to play them, then resolve all their actions (if one of them were a Throne Room, you would also resolve the actions of the card you stack on it twice), then draw through your deck until you get two more action cards, then determine the order in which you want to play them, then resolve their actions, one after the other. Also, it's important to note that what I'm saying here is really just an expanded version of S.P.Floyd - seanizer's answer, which was here before mine. 
1405	boardgames	 Tsuro This is the absolutely simplest game I've ever had when it comes to teaching people how to play it. Tsuro is an abstract strategy game where players lay a tile and following the path through the tile. The object is to be the last person on the board. I can describe the rules of the game in under two minutes, and have people playing shortly afterwards. This isn't a deep game, but it's fun, and people quickly learn it. I've used it as a warm up game when I've had friends over for game night before diving into something more complex. It plays well with 2-8 players and plays fairly quickly. 
1406	boardgames	 Castle Ravenloft is a new game, but already it's struck a chord with me. I enjoy playing it. One problem with it being a new game is that the rules and errata haven't quite been fleshed out . What happens when you spawn two monsters on one tile? 
1407	boardgames	 Where can I find other adventures for Castle Ravenloft? So far I've only found the two bonus adventures that WotC released. 
1408	boardgames	 BoardGameGeek Castle RavenLoft has quite a few used-made scenarios and extra characters. The most are listed in the Variants forum, although you may look around in there a bit and find some others under "rules" maybe. One of my favorites is " Crypts And Creepers ", although it's more of an 'expansion' , not just another scenario. WotC is also having a " Build your own scenario " competition, so you should see more available on-line when that happens also. Here's a link I just found that has most of the user-created adventures listed and ranked: BGG Castle RavenLoft Adventure Database 
1409	boardgames	 First: On each tile, there is a skull pile on the floor. When the first monster is placed on the tile, it is placed on the skull tile. Each subsequent monster placed on that tile is placed as close to the skull pile as possible, so any square adjacent to it. I believe this is stated in the rulebook, but I don't have it in fromt of me, so I will add the page number later. Second: I'm not sure that there is a huge need for house rules. I think that the rules are succinct and well written. I think that it can be easy to put too much thought into this game, and if you let go of the need to make it "D&amp;D", you will find that the rules work quite nicely without customization 'needed' . I really enjoy this game and take it out whenever I can. 
1410	boardgames	 I would suggest you try something with auctions or haggling. They provide immediate player interaction, but they also have strategic depth. (How much is this worth to me? How much is it worth to you?) One of the most popular games that I've played using auctions is Medici . A paper and pencil game that distills auctions and stock markets to their essence is Eric Solomon's Middleman . One of my personal favourites is Basari , and it's unusual in that I think it's best for three players. 
1412	boardgames	 You don't say whether you're playing with the Farmers of the Moor expansion; if so, the following suggestion may not apply, as having to heat your 4-room wooden house becomes quite an operation, but: In the standard game, I'd say that growing your family is THE dominant strategy, especially playing against newbies. If you can accumulate 10 wood and 4 reed and build two extra rooms (ideally, in one action) shortly after the first harvest, then grow your family twice in advance of most of the other players, all the extra actions you'll be getting will soon give you an insuperable advantage. Having said that, the real key to winning Agricola is to slurp up and make best use of undervalued resources; so, if everyone is dead set on building rooms, do something different! Rather than battling strenuously for wood, be the first to 2 clay, build the Fireplace and see your food problems vanish when you pick up a flock of sheep that no one else could do anything with... One thing that newbies often don't spot is that, while getting food through baking bread or slaughtering animals are both fine, especially when backed up with Occupations and/or Minor Improvements, there is a third way, the way of Major Improvements. The Basketmaker's Workshop in particular is great at providing both food and victory points, in the many games where players undervalue reed because, after they've built a room or two, it doesn't do very much. Taking of Major Improvements, notice that the Well is often cheaper and better than renovating to Stone; and if you get it early enough provides you with a nice little food bonus too. Don't get fixated on renovation, unless you can get a really good Major Improvement (or in the last round, Fences) on the side. I concur with other posters who advise not to get hung up on Occupations too much. Unless an Occupation is going to save you two or more subsequent actions in the course of the game, it's questionable whether you should be playing it at all. As such, there are some which are obviously good to play (hello Field Watchman etc), but oh so many that are traps, when you could be doing something properly constructive on your farm. Then again, it can be worth using the Occupation square early on, just to make sure other players don't get their busted cards out too easily! Since your first Occupation costs no food, of course, and Occupations are usually at their best when played early. But if the player to your right is hogging the space, don't worry, just smile and grab the Wood that he's foolishly neglecting to take. That's enough for the time being I think! 
1413	boardgames	 Once attackers have been declared, tapping them usually has no effect, but there are exceptions. Suppose a creature with Vigilance has been declared as an attacker. You can surely tap it, and perhaps gain an advantage thereby (e.g. being able to attack next turn without it being able to block); it just won't remove the creature from combat. A little confusingly, if a creature is regenerated mid-combat, it is both tapped AND removed from combat. But the removal from combat is a property of regeneration, not a property of becoming tapped. 
1414	boardgames	 There's quite a few Occupations in Agricola that elicit a traumatized shudder from hardened Agricola players. I'm thinking of cards like the Taster, which basically allows one player to be in a position BETTER than being starting player during any round of the game, for the low low cost of 1 food per round. I've heard that a lot of groups have physically removed the Taster from their set, rather than have to deal with the imbalance it creates. Having said that, I've had very tight games both playing and playing against the Taster, and I completely crushed an inexperienced player who laid an early Taster in a 5-player game a few days ago, so I'm not TOO worried about "busted" cards. Even so... Have any cards been played in one of your Agricola games that seemed to tip the balance too far in favour of one player, too quickly? In our group, we groan when we see the Field Watchman (such a no-brainer) and the Wet Nurse; cards whose value is just a little bit too transparent. What about your group? Also, Minor Improvements tend to be a little bit better balanced on the whole (coming with costs and limitations as they do), but I'm sure some of them are a LOT better than others. Any suggestions? I'm never disappointed to have a plough of some kind among my opening seven... 
1415	boardgames	 Puzzle games like Ricochet Robots , Eleusis and Zendo seem to me to be easier to explain than a typical Euro game. Eleusis might not be that simple, but there's Eleusis Express to introduce the game to new players who can then try the full game next time. Ricochet Robots is a fun series of small puzzles, a real brain burner and very stressful as you race against the other players to find a solution. Eleusis takes longer to investigate and solve each puzzle. It's got much less time pressure, so it feels more relaxed. Still, you are trying to get rid of your cards before the other players, and you can declare yourself a prophet if you think you've figured out the rule. 
1416	boardgames	 Go My 7yo got the hang of go's mechanics in a few turns (you take one of your pieces, put it where two lines intersect on the board, surround opponent pieces or empty space to capture), however there is a great deal of strategy to go, and I've played it for years without learning it all. Also, Go's built-in handicapping system makes for challenging games even when players have a great disparity in skill. 
1418	boardgames	 Field Watchman , Head of the Family , and Braggart . In statistics gathered from about 2000 games that used drafting , these occupations were picked on average earliest by the player who won the game. See this forum post for the full details, and a list of the first chosen minor improvements too. Edit: It turns out that several occupations are not included in these results as they were voted too overpowered by the game participants. These are: Ratcatcher Taster Chamberlain Lover Wet Nurse 
1419	boardgames	 I found a basic answer on my question over here : Try to go out waiting for multiple tiles (not just one). Imagine that you have three complete sets and two pairs. Imagine that one pair is 2 Bams, and you draw a 3 Bam from the wall -- which tile do you discard now? In this situation, many experienced players will discard a 2 Bam, keeping 2-3. A two-way incomplete chow call is better than a two-pair call. Learn to shape the hand into calling patterns that give you multiple chances to win, such as the following: Highly skilled players of un-American mah-jongg (since American style alone does not use "chows") know these patterns by heart. More complex call shapes are mostly extensions of these. Although the American game does not use chows, the strategy of having a multiple-tile call still applies to that game as well. Of special interest is the complexity of the pure hand. If you're working on a pure hand, it can often be difficult to tell what all the tiles are that can complete the hand. For instance: 1-2-3-4-5-5-5-6-6-6-7-8-9 (5 chances); 1-2-3-4-5-5-5-5-6-6--7-8-9 (5 chances); 2-3-4-4-4-5-5-5-6-6-6-7-8 (7 chances); and of course 1-1-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-9-9 (9 chances). Edit: Additional links with a lot more waits Especially the latter is, from my beginner eyes, insanely exhaustive. 
1421	boardgames	 Buy a Tactician and a few Banks. I just discovered this one yesterday; combined with a Festival, I was able to buy three Provinces in one turn, and still have change left over for a smaller card. 
1423	boardgames	 (8 players) Move the gold farther away My group plays Saboteur most frequently with 8 players, and we've developed some house rules for that size that are probably not applicable for smaller groups. We were already playing with a guaranteed 3 Saboteurs in an 8-player game and with the Saboteurs having knowledge of each other, but wins for the Saboteurs were still very rare and highly dependent on an ideal draw for the Saboteurs' hands. We recently started moving the gold in this case - the middle treasure card moves back, so it is now 8 cards from the starting point. The two side treasure cards move out, so that they are 7 cards away in the "forward progress" direction, but 2 cards away from the middle. We unanimously agree so far that this has led to some extremely fun games - the wider board gives more space to improvise, but punishes good dwarves who dig all the way to the wrong treasure card. We had one win where the Saboteurs didn't even play any "dead end" pieces, but used their near-monopoly on Map cards to confuse the good dwarves and get them to dig to the wrong treasure. At that point the good dwarves couldn't QUITE make it back to the correct one with the pieces available, but it would have been a trivial correction in a standard game. Spreading the board out like this also makes the pieces that make "sideways progress", especially the one that splits three ways ( ), much more useful. Under the normal rules I will almost always consider a straight-sideways piece to be useless as a good dwarf (though obviously it occasionally comes in handy), but with the spread board these pieces can be very key. 
1424	boardgames	 So, I have a friend who plays Cygnar in Warmachine. I play Protectorate, and he has been playing a LOT of Epic Haley. Her feat basically makes you 1) Forfeit either an action or a movement and 2) He chooses the order your units activate in. This causes me some problems, as the style of Protectorate I play is all about synergies and moving correctly. I have been struggling against her for months now, and am trying to find some kind of strategy against her, whether that be play-style, units/casters, etc. 
1425	boardgames	 Doomsday + Mind's Desire + Beacon of Destruction is a quick win-the-game combo. You wouldn't want to be casting Doomsday unless its text basically says "win the game"... if you set it up right, though, it DOES. 
1426	boardgames	 How do you use this card strategically? Since you don't know where any other cards are in your deck, how do you choose where to put this one? Are there other cards this combines well with? 
1427	boardgames	 Normally you would want to put it on top of your deck. Getting a silver (essentially) is generally a pretty good move. If you create a deck that draws a lot of cards you will be shuffling in the middle of your turn fairly often. In that case, you definitely know whether you want to draw more treasures now or not. 
1428	boardgames	 How new is the player asking for a take-back to the game, and how much do you want them to want to play the game again? If a veteran who regularly wins the game within your group is asking for a take-back, I'd call that very poor form. If it's a new player who suddenly realizes their mistake, I'd call it poor form to refuse them a second chance. The first time I played Caylus - quite a complicated game to get your head around! - I asked another player during the move-the-Provost round if I would be safe not paying to move it. "Oh, I should think so," he said. "Okay then, I won't pay." The player who'd given me the advice proceeded to pay 3 and deprive me of some key resources. "Oh," I said, "so I could have paid the bargain price of 1 and been completely safe from that jerk move? I didn't understand that, can I take it back?" The other players decided not to let me - which they were in their rights to do so, of course, but I'd still call it poor form. As a result, I decided I didn't like Caylus much and didn't play it again for a couple of years. At which point I discovered I actually really liked it! 
1429	boardgames	 In the real world, monopolistic business practices are lame and objectionable. I see no reason why playing the evil, evil Monopoly card in as evil a fashion as possible. Preferably accompanied with the twirling of one's moustache, and/or the line "I didn't come to this island to make friends". Seriously, it's a game! In which the actions you take may make life harder for the other players. Is it "objectionable" to move the robber onto another player's tile instead of the Desert? Yes, the more "underhandedly" you behave the more likely it is that the other players will stop trading with you, or otherwise act to make your life more difficult. But let's try to remember that being fairly despicable in a competitive in-game persona is NOT the same as being despicable in real life. Anyone who holds a grudge after the game has been cleared away is taking things a little too seriously. 
1430	boardgames	 I think it's awesome. If you milked some resources out of me with a trade, and then mono'ed them to the traded goods back, I would first scream in pain, and then offer you a hearty congratulations. I am surprised so many people think it's poor form. The first time I saw someone do it, I thought it was simply brilliant. 
1431	boardgames	 I wouldn't do it unless it was VERY likely to win me the game. Having done it once I can attest that some people won't take it well. On the otherhand if someone did it to me, they had better have just won because I wouldn't trade w/ them again that game, and I'd apply all of my diplomatic skills towards hindering their trading w/ other players. I might also be a little more circumspect about trading w/ them in the next game or two, and also a LOT more likely to try and do the same thing back to them the first chance I got. 
1432	boardgames	 Seems like what they call in Magic design a "skill-testing" card to me. For the price of this card, you could have bought a Silver instead. A Silver will be better than a Coppersmith in your hand unless you have, what, 3 Coppers? Crucially, a Silver won't cost you an action. Sure, there are probably some scenarios people can come up with where you draw a ton of cards including Coppers, and extra actions, and Coppersmiths, and you generate a fortune. However! If you can assemble that kind of drawing power, you could probably have assembled a different, better kind of deck instead. Simply put, the Coppersmith is going to pay off once in a blue moon, when you draw Coppersmith plus four Copper in the same hand and buy yourself a Province. The rest of the time it seems more likely to sit around and clog up your deck. Do yourself a favour and buy a Silver instead! 
1433	boardgames	 It's fun w/ Wishing Well. Once you have 4 of them you can stack 'em together ensuring Province every deck-cycle. If there are other deck revealing/attack style stuff in play (Thief, Pirate Ship, Swindler, etc) you can put them near (but not directly on) the top of your deck so they aren't affected and you'll still draw them next turn. 
1434	boardgames	 Coppersmith + Countinghouse + a card that gives extra actions (Village,Shanty, etc) is pretty ridiculous, especially if you also have something that gives extra buys. 
1435	boardgames	 Pretty straight-forward question here: In the 2- and 6-player versions of Power Grid , you are instructed to use only 3 areas and 5 areas respectively, but it doesn't say how to pick the areas, leaving it up to the players. What are good recommendations for determining which areas are in/out? 
1438	boardgames	 I don't think it really matters so much. But you could randomize it, or else agree to rotate through each of the possibilities on a game-by-game basis, to create as much variety as possible. Many connoisseurs seem to think that Power Grid is much better for 3-5 players, mind you, so if the lack of hard-and-fast rules for how to set up the 2 or 6 player games is bugging you, it might not be a bad idea to try not to play with that many players, so far as possible! 
1439	boardgames	 We just let the guys who go first pick the areas one at a time. 
1440	boardgames	 It is incredibly obvious when this feat will be used. In competitive games it will most likely be turn 2 if the Cygnar player went first, or MAYBE turn 1 if you went first, so plan for it and know that your second turn will be spent largly doing nothing. Play that turn defensively, cast defensive spells and back up, or duck into terrain. Depending on your caster, you might be able to hide a significant portion of your force only to have it bust out of the trees the next round and deal maximum damage. Just don't let the Haley player bog you down. Insist that he pick which models activate in what order in a very timely fashion so that you can end your turn and be on to the next quickly. If you make the Cygnar army unable to see your army he can't really capitalize on knowing that your next turn is going to be rubbish. 
1441	boardgames	 I am aware of the idea of a continuation bet, where you bet again on the flop, after a pre-flop raise. However, I'm not that sure on when I should and shouldn't do it. I tend to do it if I get the idea (from other players checking, say), that other players have missed the flop, but it would be useful to have more specific things to look for. Also, how big should continuation bets be? I've heard between half and the full pot as a guide, with the higher end for if the flop has high draw potential (lots of hearts, say). Is that reasonable? How much does it make a difference if I have hit the flop or not? Also, how much of a difference is there between cash games and tournaments? 
1442	boardgames	 How long does it take to play Cuba ? And does the playing vary considerably between different numbers of players? 
1444	boardgames	 This site was AWESOME: Until the guy had to take it down. play-agricola.com was around before agricola online, but its interface is pretty atrocious and you still have to manually reload all the bits and everything. I'd rather not play or just play the physical game than use play-agricola.com. 
1445	boardgames	 I have always done it either a) randomly or b) let the newest player pick, which often leads to the same results as randomly. :) I have never had a case of only 2 players, but with 6 that seems to work pretty well. 
1446	boardgames	 I would say that you want to make a continuation bet a large percentage of the time if you have signalled you are in the lead and no opponent has signalled otherwise. What this "large percentage" is probably depends on what you are comfortable with and how aggressive you are, but I would estimate it would vary from 50% to 100%. Continuation betting on every single flop will make you predictable. You should also factor in how tight the table is - placing the bet more at a tight table and less at a loose table or against loose opponents. Don't vary your bet based on whether or not you hit the flop. This gives a signal to your opponents which will eventually allow good opponents to tell whether you hit the flop. Vary your bet based only on the texture of the flop - as you mentioned, a flop with more draw possibilities rates a larger bet, although some flops may be so dangerous that you may not make a continuation bet at all (i.e. Jh, Qh, Kh) if you did not catch a piece of them. 
1448	boardgames	 Liar is simple, requires some tactics to have a chance to win and can be played by all ages. 
1449	boardgames	 Spoof If you're really short of materiel but can scrape together three coins per player, then Spoof might be an option. It can also be useful in working out whose round it is... 
1450	boardgames	 As far as combinations go, this card is good with anything that makes you reshuffle your deck more frequently - Chancellor, obviously, but also Chapel or Trade Route or anything else that's commonly used to keep your deck size down. 
1451	boardgames	 Generally, we decide as a group whether we want to use the more-dense or the less-dense areas of the map (at least on the U.S. map). It's all about whether we feel like making everybody pay those high connection prices in the west. 
1453	boardgames	 I'm playing Arkham Horror for the first time and I randomly drew Bob Jenkins as my investigator. With some of the other players' characters, their "purpose" is pretty clear. There's the guy with high fight who starts with a sweet weapon, the guy with high lore and tons of spells, etc. With Bob, I'm not seeing a clear path to how I can best contribute. What type of strategies or tactics should I be employing to make the best use of my turn? 
1454	boardgames	 Bob Jenkins is: Rich! $9 -&gt; Go shopping for Unique Items Has stuff: 2 common and 2 uniques, hopefully he starts with some good stuff Well rounded: 4 Sanity and 6 Stamina is a great split. Enough Sanity to allow missing a horror check or two, and enough stamina to get down and dirty. Reasonably fast - speeds 4 and 5 are not out of the question. Bob can get from place to place quickly. Has a strong will, minimum 3 Can hopefully compensate for his somewhat poor fight skill with some good items When playing Bob, you should be aggressive. Bob has the stats and should have the items to allow him to survive most bad things. If you get lucky and start with an Elder Sign , go off world as quick as you can. If not, see if you can buy an Elder Sign, or start grabbing clue tokens. Favor the locations where common items are found to take advantage of the Shrewd Dealer ability. Bob may not be the best investigator at any particular thing, but odds are, he is the second best at most things in a normal group. Use him to fill in for whatever your team is lacking. According to the Arkham Horror Statistics Report , Bob has the 7th highest winning percentage (out of 48 characters) in October 2010. For November, he has moved to 6th. 
1455	boardgames	 I really like euchre, but I stink at statistics. Last time we were playing euchre, people would get some crazy hands, and we kept saying, "What are the odds?" So now I ask you all, what are the odds? Scenario 1: What are the odds that you get dealt both Jacks of the same color, plus three other cards all of the same suit in the same color? (i.e. Jack of Hearts, Jack of Diamonds, plus Ace, Queen and Ten of Diamonds). Scenario 2: What are the odds you get dealt four of the cards asked in Scenario 1, and the fifth card you need is the face-up card in the pile of 4 remaining cards? Scenario 3: What are the odds you get dealt all 4 Jacks? 
1457	boardgames	 Surprisingly, the odds for Scenarios 1 and 3 are the same! The chances for each: Scenario 1: 0.0047% Scenario 2: 0.0535% Scenario 3: 0.0047% Here are the calculations: Note: The order you consider cards in these calculations doesn't matter, so I'll use the most convenient ordering possible. Scenario 1: First, there are 24 cards in a Euchre deck. To calculate the number of possible Euchre hands of five, you multiply the number of possibilities for each card: . Then we need to figure out how many unique ways you can get Scenario 1. We'll calculate the draw this way: (I) number of Jacks (4), (II) number of Jacks matching the color of the first Jack (1), (III) number of remaining cards (A, K, Q, 10, 9) matching the color of the Jack (10; 5 in each suit of that color), (IV) number of remaining cards matching the suit of card III (4), (V) number of remaining cards matching the suit of cards II and III (3). This calculates as . So the chance of getting Scenario 1 is . Scenario 2: This one is more complicated. Number of ways to get a mismatch by missing a Jack: (I) number of Jacks (4), (II) number of remaining cards (A, K, Q, 10, 9) matching the color of the Jack (10; 5 in each suit of that color), (III) number of remaining cards matching the suit of card II (4), (IV) number of remaining cards matching the suit of cards II and III (3), (V) number of cards that don't complete the set (19). This calculates as . Number of ways to get a mismatch by missing another card: (I) number of Jacks (4), (II) number of Jacks matching the color of the first Jack (1), (III) number of remaining cards (A, K, Q, 10, 9) matching the color of the Jack (10; 5 in each suit of that color), (IV) number of remaining cards matching the suit of card III (4), (V) number of cards that don't complete the set (17). This calculates as . So, the number of ways to end up with four of the five cards in Scenario 1 is . Then the number of cards that would match (3) out of the number of possibilities for the face-up card (19) is So the chance of both occurring (and thus Scenario 2) is . Scenario 3: Number of ways of getting all four Jacks: (I) number of Jacks (4), (II) number of remaining Jacks (3), (III) number of remaining Jacks (2), (IV) number of remaining Jacks (1), (V) number of remaining cards (20). This calculates as . So the chances of getting Scenario 3 is . 
1461	boardgames	 Serenissima is a game of trade during the renaissance. Players have ships to carry the cargo across the Mediterranean. They try to controll the harbor cities in order to set the price and collect the victory points. Each ship has 5 positions that can be filled with either cargo or sailors. Ships move faster with more sailors and they have better defences but the goal of the game is to move the cargo across the map. What are good strategies for this game, and are the strategies different with different starting areas? 
1463	boardgames	 Bridge is widely considered to be the queen of card games on both sides of the Atlantic. However, there's one huge difference between the way that (most) Americans and (most) Britons play. In American Standard, an opening 1NT bid signifies a balanced hand of 15-17 points. In (British) ACOL, the same bid signifies 12-14 points balanced. As someone who learned Bridge in the UK, it seems to me obvious that weak no trump is the better system. A 12-14 point balanced hand comes up WAY more often than a 15-17, so you're getting a lot more use out of the bid. Yes, you will proceed to game from a weak no trump bid a lot less often than from a strong, but that doesn't seem very important. The amount of bidding space that you take away from your opponents by a 1NT bid where they have the balance of the points is a huge bonus, in my opinion. Could it be that British players just prefer playing aggressive, interferential Bridge? As well as weak no trumps, I also love weak jump overcalls, whose main purpose is to eat up large amounts of the opponents' bidding space, to prevent them easily making games and slams that they have the points for. Do Americans prefer a "fair" game of Bridge, where you bid on the points you have, not to mess the opponents around? I'm sure that the strong no trump would not have remained central to American Bridge for so long if it wasn't pretty robust and well-thought-through, though. So can any aficionados of it explain to me what's so good about it? 
1464	boardgames	 We use the system where player 1 picks an area to keep, player 2 picks an adjacent area, etc. until we have the right number of areas. I'm nearly positive this is how the designer, Friedemann Friese, taught us. If not then we picked it up from the earlier version of the game, the crayon-based Funkenschlag. One tip: when the new (current) edition came out I had a chance to play with the designer explaining the rules. We used the pick-an-adjacent-area rule to pick our staring zones and were using the Germany map. With six players we picked five zones, and the one left out was the center zone, leaving a ring-shaped map. Friedemann immediately exclaimed, "We never playtested it that way!" It turns out that's a pretty poor map to play on since you're restricted to expanding through other people's territory much earlier in the game than you normally would. The result was an extra-long game that frankly wasn't as fun. So the tip: if you play the Germany map with 6 players, do not eliminate the center territory. 
1466	boardgames	 I played my first game of The Pillars of the Earth today with 3 other people. I had a question about the King's Court which was not specifically addressed in the rules. If I have already placed a Master Builder there, may I place a second (or even third?) there in order to potentially "force" other players to have to pay taxes? Doing say may result in them losing victory points if they can't pay, so I thought it was an interesting strategic possibility. The owner of the game has only played a couple times, and also only with 2 players, so he hadn't come across the situation before. I know that often, there are likely better opportunities to take which will result in a greater net gain for yourself than that loss for your opponents, but I was wondering if it was at least possible. The decision we came to was that it wasn't explicitly stated in the rules that you couldn't so we allowed it as a possibility, though no one took it in the game. Is this allowed? 
1467	boardgames	 Professional players often offer draws in chess and accept them. While draws can be very common in professional play, they appear to be very rare in casual play. Naturally, if you're winning, accepting or offering a draw seems silly, but what if there isn't a clear winner? When is a good time to offer a draw, and when should I accept one? 
1470	boardgames	 I genuinely can't think of a better answer than "when you consider there is no possibility of either player winning the game". If your opponent doesn't see this, but you can explain to them how a win for anyone has become impossible, so much the better for your ego. Either that or if the last bus leaves in five minutes! 
1472	boardgames	 In casual play, the main reason to offer a draw is if the game is going on forever and shows no sign of concluding soon. Consider the motivation for the game. Maybe you're playing a game for fun after dinner, but at some point your wife is going to start making loud yawning noises. Maybe you're playing a grudge match with a friend, but both of you are hopeless at rook endings - which is where you've ended up. Maybe you made the mistake of starting a game with someone who takes hours to make any move. I've been in all of these situations! In these cases, achieving the win is secondary to the experience of playing the game. As soon as the experience becomes compromised, or real life starts to intrude, an escape becomes appealing. One player may actually have an advantage, but if it's going to be necessary to grind out a difficult endgame to convert that advantage into a point, then it may not be considered worth it by the players to continue. A couple of times I have even conceded casual games that I believed I was winning, simply because I wasn't willing to continue to invest the time. Another reason is if the players are amateurish enough that forcing a win is difficult or impossible. I once spent a frustrating afternoon watching two friends with very basic chess playing abilities circle uselessly for several hours, trying to figure out how to achieve a checkmate. It was like watching Brownian motion on a chessboard; essentially random checks with the vague hope of accidental checkmate. In the end, they gave up and declared a draw. This situation is depressingly common among the large group of casual players who possess no knowledge beyond how to move the pieces. A final, rather dishonest reason is to protect the ego of your opponent. Too many casual players take losing at chess as a personal failure, or worse, an insult or demonstration of superiority by their opponent. If your opponent is your boss or your grandfather, and they take losing very badly, maybe a draw is a more political decision. In this case, the game is just part of a larger game - the game of maintaining workable relationships in the real world. 
1473	boardgames	 If you had the best players in the world, and they knew everything about Hearts and had decades of experience playing it, then if they were to each play the same identical game, would they all play the game exactly the same? That in my eyes would prove that in Hearts, given a situation and taking into account everything, there is always an optimal way of proceeding, and that would prove that there is a finite limit on how good you can get at Hearts. Is this in fact the case? 
1474	boardgames	 I think a better way of thinking about this question is "Is it possible to create a Hearts playing program that would get the best possible result 100% of the time"? I think Hearts is similar to a simplified version of Bridge. There are LOTS of studies of Bridge hands, and in most situations there is a clear optimal play. But there are also times for intuition, reading your opponents, etc. So I don't think you could ever just generate an algorithm that would make the "optimal" play in every situation and have it do as well or better than a human would 100% of the time. It is also worth pointing out that Hearts is a game in which the individual play that earns you the best result might not be the best for your overall results, and part of optimal play is convincing your opponents to play in ways that are optimal to you. Examples would be encouraging people to "save" hearts to throw at the leader, or to take the Queen of Spades themselves to prevent a potential Shoot the Moon by another player. The inventor of Diplomacy has even said that playing lots of Hearts influenced his design of a game that is all about stopping the leader. This also makes me confident that there is no such thing as an algorithm for optimal play. 
1475	boardgames	 So, I was playing a friend who plays a lot of Hordes yesterday, and he mentioned that when his Warlock casts an Animus as a spell, it still counts as an Animus. This means that it cannot be cast on a model that already has an animus on it. Is this true? As an example, Say I am playing Legion. I have a Carnivean and a Stinger in my battlegroup, and I want to cast the Stinger's animus (to get Bushwack) and the Carnivean's animus (to get the +2 armor). Can I have both of them on me at the same time? Or, as an even better example, say I have a Shredder in my battle group as well, and I want his animus up on my Warlock along with my Carnivean's animus - is that legal to do? When I read the text of the Hordes rules, it did not seem clear to me. 
1476	boardgames	 Part of the thing about Hearts is that you pass cards between the players before the round starts. This means that you can try to improve your hand and hope your opponents don't mess that up. However, at least in 4-player games, 1 of every 4 hands has no pass first. Having said all that, the best hand involves taking every heart and the Queen of Spades, which usually depends a bit on luck based on what the other players play... but often you do need to keep track of which hearts were played when. 
1478	boardgames	 A recent Board Games with Scott episode [Breaking Up the Monopoly] has brought up an interesting question: When someone that you know asks to play Monopoly with you, what game do you suggest playing with them? I assume that you don't end up playing Monopoly with them. If so, that's cool, just tell me why you do that instead (alternative rules, versions, etc.). Try to limit your answer to one game, and explain the mechanic or "hook" that you use to entice them away from the dreaded Boardwalk, Park Place, and Free Parking. 
1479	boardgames	 Settlers of Catan For adults, I would suggest Settlers of Catan, since it's a much better game to me and a lot more fun to play. If your willing to play a full game of Monopoly, then Catan is a prefect fit since it's actually shorter. There's also a much more nuanced trade mechanic, and a board to stack our your share of. I see it as a great chance to introduce them to Euro games if they haven't played one before. For young kids, if they want to play Monopoly, I wouldn't dare be a spoil sport and suggest something else. 
1480	boardgames	 Terrace From the wikipedia write-up: Terrace is an award-winning strategy game played by two, three, or four players on a multi-leveled 8×8 (or, more recently, 6×6) board. It is most widely known for also being a prop in the American television series Star Trek: The Next Generation . 
1481	boardgames	 Monopoly Deal A card game based on the board game, everyone wins here -- they get to play something in the spirit of Monopoly, and you don't have to deal with a long, drawn-out game of landing in Jail and haggling for properties, or worse, reaching a stalemate where no one will budge. The card game is fun, very inexpensive to purchase, and plays quickly. It works better with multiple players, but is just as fine playing with two players. 
1482	boardgames	 Pandemic The cooperative nature, quick play, and ease of play (especially without the expansion) makes it an instant shoo-in for me. 
1485	boardgames	 After taking another pass through the rules, I see no reason this would be forbidden. That being said, I see no case where this would be a good play. You gain nothing by placing a second builder here, and at best you are causing one player to pay taxes. I suppose in the very narrow situation where 1) this is the last space (and therefore you know which player will have to pay), 2) you know the player who will have to pay will not be able to afford it and therefore lose victory points, 3) that player is in first place, and 4) you are in second place that this play could be worthwhile. However, even in this case it seems likely that the player targeted could make up the one or two points they would lose (two to five divided by two, rounded down) with the action they choose instead. I think it is always going to be preferable to take another action instead. 
1486	boardgames	 Interesting variations you listed. A house rule I sometimes play is paratroopers. A bomber can load up an infantry and drop it in a friendly or hostile territory. Axisandallies.org has a great discussion on Axis and Allies from the original to the 1940 World Edition. Here is a link to their forums. Apparently I dont have enough rep to post more than one link but you will be able to navigate your way around Im sure. Here is the link to their variations section . And another link to their house rules section . Will be hard to find more hardcore fans so it would be worth while to poke around there. 
1487	boardgames	 Vegas Showdown I like the limited resources and bidding to get different rooms. It can get pretty competitive, depending on the group, but I enjoy the mechanics and think of it as Monopoly only a little more fun and with a definite endgame. 
1489	boardgames	 Top Shop So sue me, it's technically a videogame (for the original Playstation), but it's basically monopoly set in a mall, translated to Japanese and then back into English. It's a heck of a lot of fun, and plays pretty much just like a boardgame. Up to six can play at a time. If you land on an empty square you can open a store. If you land on an opponent's store you have to buy at least one item, but can buy two. If there are no items in a store you've landed on you can take over it. If you land on your own store you can restock ANY one store you own. There are random events, and points you get that will let you do various game changing events. 
1491	boardgames	 Easy Money / Money Money Faster Pace - Everyone plays the same pawn. Everything that happens concerns all players. Shorter Play - No stalemates. The game ends when the bank runs out of money, which takes a more or less predictable amount of time. Moaaar Money - In the middle of the board are stacks of bundles worth one million, half a million, 200k and 100k a piece! Granted, there is no buying or building properties, auctions or event cards. Basically it trades some of the complexity and duration for fun and more action. 
1494	boardgames	 Monopoly by the rules I'd suggest playing Monopoly with no house rules to keep the game competitive and short. No bonus given for landing on Free Parking No restriction on when properties can be bought, e.g. not until one trip around the board. No building houses or hotels if the bank has none to sell. They're meant to be a limited resource. Auction properties. If someone doesn't want to buy a property, then it will be auctioned to the highest bidder. Playing by the actual rules makes Monopoly a much shorter and more enjoyable game. 
1495	boardgames	 Power Grid For me, it has to be Power Grid. It has many of the attributes of Monopoly, such as bartering of which power station to buy and is economically driven, plus the rules are pretty simple. Furthermore, it is such a great game, it is a brilliant introduction to the world of strategic board games, and I have known a few players hooked in this way. 
1496	boardgames	 Acquire I am surprised no one has mentioned this classic (back in print as of 2008) which is quite thematically similar (paper money, real estate). Except, it is shorter, more strategic, and has no dice rolling (but still some randomness from tile drawing). It is also pretty easy to learn. 
1497	boardgames	 I have played Blokus enough times to get a feel for the game and one thing that always bugs me is how to play the first few moves. There seem to be a couple of competing aims: Get rid of big, awkwardly shaped pieces; Create plenty of corners to leave lots of future moves open. Assuming this is the case, which pieces are the 'most awkward', and does playing these achieve the goal of creating lots of corners? Also, how many moves can you have before you have to start worrying about what other players are doing? To help with answering this question here's a link to a picture showing a Blokus naming convention . 
1499	boardgames	 Ever since I learned about "the Barasona opening", I've had a hard time not starting all my Blokus games with it. The basic idea is that your first four pieces leave no possibility for an opponent to move "through" your corner, without the use of his one-piece. The pieces you use are F, X, W, and then N or Y. You can see a picture of the Barasona in action here: . Of course, the problem with the Barasona is that, while it provides a disincentive for other players to move towards your unprofitable corner, the moment the other players realize this they will probably all start using the Barasona themselves, and you're back to square one. Blokus is an arms race! Hope this helps! 
1500	boardgames	 I always try to use the largest farthest reaching pieces at the beginning to reach the center, and then go to stake out space. If everyone is doing a similar thing, I don't worry about them until we meet. 
1502	boardgames	 In Citadels , most versions that are currently available for sale also include the Dark City expansion. Since those extra characters are available, what arrangement of characters do you find the most balanced and competitive? Please clarify your response by indicating why you've chosen to add or remove these particular characters to balance gameplay. 
1503	boardgames	 My preferred opening is V W Z or V Z W. This gets you to the center of the board as quickly as possible, giving you potential access to the entire board. Any opening that concentrates on defense in the early game will be forfeiting access to at least 1/4 of the board. The weakness of this opening is a very low ratio of corners to dead squares in your home corner, leaving you vulnerable to being walled in during the midgame if you have concentrated on the far side of the board. 
1504	boardgames	 In the - admittedly few - games of blokus I've played so far I found it to be easier in the long term to be confrontational: i.e seeking to wall in at least one opponent. As a consequence to that strategy I try to get to the middle as fast as possible and then head towards one of my neighbors. 
1505	boardgames	 I've run into what I believe might be an edge case for the rules of the Traders and Barbarians expansion to The Settlers of Catan. I'm hoping someone might be able to clarify (preferably with reference to rules I might have missed), or at least give me some solid opinions! Let's say we have two players, and player 1 has 15 gold while player 2 has 14 gold. So, at the start of this scenario, player 1 has the 'richest settler' card. Let's also assume that both players are one victory point from winning. At the end of his turn, player 1 needs to move his caravan in such a way that he will traverse player 2's roads and thereby give player 2 some gold. This means that player 2 will - temporarily - become the richest settler. At the end of the turn, though, player 1 will collect 5 gold from delivering goods, which would give him back the richest settler card. He will also get a victory point for delivering goods. My question is - at what point is the richest settler evaluated? 
1506	boardgames	 The latest core Settlers of Catan (link to PDF) rules state: If you have 10 or more victory points during your turn the game ends and you are the winner! If you reach 10 points when it is not your turn, the game continues until any player (including you) has 10 points on his turn. And the Traders and Barbarians (link to PDF) scenarios state: The normal rules for The Settlers of Catan apply. The changes are described below. Therefore, we can infer that the rules for determining the winner apply here too, and while the amount of victory points required may change, when the winner is calculated is unaffected. Even though Player 2 will have more victory points, it is NOT their turn, so Player 1 will win as soon as he/she has the necessary points. 
1507	boardgames	 In brass, there are only a small number of shipyards available, but it seems in the canal phase this is reduced further. There is a specific rule that says a shipyard cannot be built at the places connected via a rail link, but i don't understand why. If i have a city card, meaning i can build within that city, what is stopping me build a level 1 shipyard? It has no materials needed to be shipped, so why is this place any different to any other city on the map? Am i missing a specific rule somewhere? This has been a rule that initially confused out group, until we played online and realised the correct usage (which the rules do backup). My confusion is that the specific rule says something like Hence the shipyard in the canal phase cannot be built at this location And i don't understand the rational. 
1508	boardgames	 A model can have only one friendly animus in play on it at time. If another friendly animus is cast on a model, th eolder friendly animus expires and is replaced by the new one when the affected model is hit by the animus. This applies to animi used by warbeasts as well as those cast as spell. cit from the quickstart rules pag 4 right column ANIMI block. To answer your question your friend is right :) 
1509	boardgames	 The crisis card 'Thirty-Three' has the following special rule: Relentless Pursuit: Keep this card in play until a civilian ship or basestar is destroyed. If this card is in play when the fleet jumps, shuffle it back into the Crisis deck. What exactly does this mean? My gaming group has come up with 3 possible interpretations so far: the card is kept in play, and has no effect, other than to be shuffled back into the deck afterwards -- in other words, the special rule is simply that "there's a chance it may reappear later in the game", but that just seems a really weak rule, partly because the odds of it ever reappearing within the same game are pretty low, and partly because it's just not a very strong attack (place one basestar, no raiders and no heavy raiders) the card is kept in play, and all instructions on the card are repeated every turn . This seems to match the actual episode which the card is named after (the fleet is attacked every 33 minutes until they lose a civilian ship), but means a lot of ships are put on the board every turn (two vipers, 4 civilians and a basestar), and that raiders are activated the card is kept in play, and the raider activation is repeated every turn . This seems a bit milder than the previous interpretation, in that new ships aren't put on the board. is there an official explanation somewhere? Or just some kind of consensus on which interpretation makes sense ? 
1510	boardgames	 We've always played it as option #1, and I've only ever seen it played as option #1. I agree its 'weaker' than the effect in the show, but its the only interpretation that is supported by hard-and-fast rules-as-written logic. 
1511	boardgames	 I've found the default characters are the most balanced set of characters. While I haven't played with all of the extra characters, some of them significantly change how the game plays. Bruno Faidutti, the creator of Citadels, says he prefers the default characters on the game's Rules FAQ on his website . Quote: Q: What is your favorite character mix? A: The 8 basic characters, plus the Queen or the Artist when playing with 6 or 7 players. Q: What's the best character mix? A: Many players prefer the Witch over the Assassin, but I disagree. The Assassin is simpler and naughtier. I prefer the original set, sometimes with adding the Queen, and sometimes with replacing the Merchant with the Alchemist. For the extra characters I have played with, I have a few impressions I can share with you. Tax Collector: I found without the threat of the thief, people started hoarding money. This reduces some of the tension in the game. Since players can't get robbed, they can save to build up to build the most expensive district. Players were also careful to not have money to pay the tax collector after building. Emperor: Since you can no longer take the crown for yourself, most people gave the crown to the player to their right. This gave them a better choice of cards in the next character draft, while benefiting the player to the right. The Emperor does make it fairer though how the crown is distributed, but it's also the only character ability the benefits someone else in the game. Alchemist: The ability to get all your gold back you spend is great, but the Alchemist replaces the Merchant. Since the Merchant can tax green properties and the Alchemist can't, this makes green districts the most worthless ones in the deck. They can't be taxed and provide no special benefit. Green also happens to be the most common color in the district deck Finally while i haven't played with it, the Diplomat seems to be one of the most powerful characters in the game. It will definitely change the dynamic of the game and make it harder to hold onto powerful purple districts. That doesn't mean that any of these characters are bad, and the opportunity to try them out was a bad inclusion in the game. I just think the default set of characters is the most balanced. 
1512	boardgames	 I attack with a Vector Asp and use his activated ability to give him infect until the end of the turn. It's blocked by a 2/2 creature and goes to the graveyard. If I cast Corpse Cur next, can I return Vector Asp to my hand from the graveyard? On the one hand, the Vector Asp did have infect until the end of the turn. On the other, he may have lost that by going to the graveyard. Which is it? 
1513	boardgames	 Corpse Cur says "return target creature card with infect." Although Vector Asp had infect when it went to the graveyard, the creature card Vector Asp in the 'yard doesn't have it. Not a valid target. 
1514	boardgames	 I frequently get all my pieces down (4 of my last 5 games I think) by playing the I along the side of the board, then work Barasona style to the middle (though I'd not heard that term 'til reading this thread) 
1516	boardgames	 [a level 1 shipyard] has no materials needed to be shipped I believe you've got that part wrong: A shipyard does require coal (look at the brown square at the bottom-right corner of the tile), so a city must be connected to a source of coal through canals or rails before you can build a shipyard there. Barrow-in-Furness and Birkenhead may only have rail links (notice that there's no blue line) to the rest of the map, from where coal may come. Therefore during the canal phase, the only possible shipyard location is Liverpool as you can build a canal link to Wiggan or other potential coal sources; but there is no such potential canal link out of Barrow-in-Furness or Birkenhead. 
1518	boardgames	 I have not personally pulled this off but I have seen this in action - in which, you can use a Remodel card to remodel a remodel card so that you can increase your costs to gain a card of a higher value. This is a very slow process but it can come in pretty handy when there are limited avenues of income within a very thin deck. 
1519	boardgames	 We have Pandemic at home. When browsing for some new games I stumbled over Forbidden Island made by the same designer. I thought it could be interesting to have another cooperative game but when I read about the gameplay I got the sneaking suspicion that it would feel too much like Pandemic. From what I read the selection of flooding tiles works exactly like the infection deck in Pandemic and obtaining the treasures exactly like finding the cures. So my question is: Do these two games feel different enough to warrant buying both? 
1520	boardgames	 For CITIES AND KNIGHTS, things change: 2-1 Wheat and 2-1 Brick become very valuable, as the other resources produce only one resource even with a city, whereas cities on wheat or brick produce two. 
1521	boardgames	 Your first option is the correct ruling. I think it was done mostly for flavor. However while it may not be the nastiest card in the deck, Thirty-three can be nasty if Galactica is currently under attack because it scatters so many civilian ships around and immediately activates the Raiders. 
1522	boardgames	 I prefer the standard set with the Diplomat. The Diplomat improves the game in two ways: There's less luck. If I happen to get a great purple building, I can't expect to run away with the game because the Diplomat may take it from me. Also, 1-cost buildings are no longer complete garbage. The Warlord's ability is worthless in a large game. Paying to harm an opponent just hands the game to everyone else. You can also use the Navigator, but you should then switch the Magician for the Wizard --- drawing 4 district cards makes you so tasty a Magician target that you de facto don't have the option. Other than those changes, I find it best to stick with the base set. Incidentally, in my group the Witch is completely broken. Player 1 almost always chooses the Witch and is very likely to get the role she wants and avoid the Thief. 
1523	boardgames	 I've got a large collection of boxes piling up for Carcassonne, both the little ones that fit in the palm or your hand (like River and The Count) and the medium size ones like (like Inns &amp; Cathedrals and The Princess and the Dragon)--currently three of each size. Is there an elegant way to store the pieces all in the main box for easier storage and transportation? The little boxes fit just as they are, but the bigger ones are little trickier. It seems there should be a good way to make use of all these cardboard inserts, but their shapes are all pretty generic and they waste a lot of space. Is there a good way to cut then up and reuse them? Space-wise, all the pieces from the expansions fit easily into the main box, but they are really loose. I also want to keep the tiles from each expansion grouped together and easy to pull out one at a time. 
1524	boardgames	 We've played Tales Of The Arabian Nights quite successfully with a six player group; because you have lots of things to be looking up at any given time, the two books are passed around the table, with player 1 having their turn while player 3 reads the scenario and player 5 looks up the numbers. Because you're continually switching roles, you don't have to wait longer than a single player's turn with nothing to do. 
1525	boardgames	 Sometimes I use a very targeted set of cards, for example, having lots of power zero cards, in a game where the player who loves playing Cthulu gets on everybody's nerves. You can build sets of cards geared for more income, remove all the non-group cards, and anything that comes to mind. But I cannot be bothered. Sometimes I'll remove some cards that just seem to water down the deck, but other than that, I really do use a mechanical shuffler like LittleBobbyTables says, and then I just take the top 50-100 cards off the top, and we use those. The games end up being random enough. 
1526	boardgames	 Just encountered this yesterday. Player A plays Possession Then, it's player B turn (with player A deciding), and there's a Masquerade in the hand. Player A decides to play the Masquerade, Player A chooses the card to swap in both hands! Swapping a province for a curse is so delightful. But also it seems too much powerful. Am I doing something wrong? Note that it does not work with 3 players or more, because of the rotation of the swapped cards between the 3 players. 
1527	boardgames	 This might sound a little silly, but why not just put them into medium or small zip-lock bags? Even if all the bags get tossed around inside the box, they'll be easy to paw through and find. Then again, I just tossed everything I had into the cloth bag that came with the Builders &amp; Trader expansion, and put each set of meepls into their own ziplock bag, and called it a day. You know, you can construct very sturdy, custom boxes from chipboard or foam-core board. It's lots of fun, and lets you get exactly the type of box you always wanted. 
1529	boardgames	 I've got several games that have all the pieces rattling around in the box, each set of pieces stored in its own Ziplock bag. But I'd really rather have my own custom inserts. I looked into making vacum-formed inserts out of plastic, but construction of such a machine was too much work, and in my area there are no companies willing to make a "run" of a single formed piece. So I thought of getting foam and cutting it to shape around all the bits, but I haven't found a good guide about how to measure the cuts, and what types of foam are better for this. Any advice? I'm willing to accept "You're wrong! You have to be doing [something else] instead!" 
1530	boardgames	 I built two custom boxes for Carcassonne tiles using some check boxes from the bank and some spare cardboard. I glued dividers into the boxes and labeled each section with the expansion title and number of tiles. It's a little bit of work, but you get custom boxes that are sized perfectly for the tiles you have. I then put the meeples and scoring tiles into their own zip-lock bags. The tiles, meeples, scoring track, and rules all fit nicely within a small cloth bag. It's much more compact and easier to transport than the massive Big Box 2. 
1532	boardgames	 The only person doing something wrong is the one who buys a Masquerade into their deck while Possession is on the table! You can also do a similar thing with Ambassador. 
1533	boardgames	 There are a couple of companies I can think of off the top of my head, Sabol Designs and Battle Foam who have foam trays where you can pluck out squares to fit the shape of models you need. Depending on how small the game pieces are, though, the squares may still be too big for you, and they're not exactly cheap either. If you want to make your own, I believe that the trays mentioned above are made from polyethelyne sheets , but someone please correct me if I'm wrong. Unless the models are fragile or expensive (Space Hulk comes to mind), I would stick with sandwich bags, it's just easier. 
1535	boardgames	 I agree that option #1 is the correct rule. I've played with a house rule that states you shuffle thirty-three into the top 3 cards of the crisis deck. This makes things quite a bit more difficult because The attacks are in general much worse than the other crisis cards. Thirty-three is much harder if there are ships to be activated. 
1537	boardgames	 With The Princess and the Dragon expansion for Carcassonne, can I place a tile to complete one of my features, and then move the fairy in to it for the bonus 3 points, or are you supposed to score the city, road, or cloister before placing the fairy? 
1538	boardgames	 Possession and Masquerade are just known to be wacky when used together. That's just what happens when you have 100+ cards at this point. Donald X. Vaccarino said "Possession is a case where Masquerade ends up being a weird exception", but it's basically not worth special rules or changing the card for this one interaction. keithjgrant is also right that if Possession is out, you'd better not buy Masquerade. :) 
1540	boardgames	 Rubber bands, bags and boxes. I put all the tiles from the base game, minus the starting tile, in the cloth bag from Traders & Builders, and the tiles from each major expansion (T & B; Inns & Cathedrals; Bridges, Castles & Bazaars) in piles wrapped with a rubber band each. All my followers, builders and the like are in one ziplock bag, all my bridges in another, and my castles, along with resource chits, in a third. I keep the tiles from the mini-expansions I own in the boxes in which they came. All this fits nicely in my box from the base game since I removed the folded cardboard from the inside. 
1542	boardgames	 According to the rules : Whenever a player places no follower on his turn, he may, instead, place the fairy on any tile where he has one of his followers. It seems that fairy placement takes the place of follower placement, and happens at the same time. Since follower placement happens before scoring, you place the fairy before scoring the completed feature 
1543	boardgames	 In my experience of playing games, it doesn't really matter that much, as long as you are consistent . That is the key for me, people will not feel aggrieved if you toe a hard line if it's the same for all, and the same is true if you are highly forgiving. Personally though, I try to play as close to the rules as possible, as it teaches people to play to the rules, and makes them better players. If they are forgetting to take privileges, how closely are they really monitoring their strategy? While it is not nice to lose a game because you forget to take your bonus, it rarely affects a game that much because the better players tend not to make those basic mistakes. 
1544	boardgames	 I often play (and often win) the card-game Wizard with 3 players. I call somewhat aggressively and it works out well. Recently, I played with more players, and my strategy didn't work as well in those circumstances. Especially with six players (the maximum), I don't have much success. How should I adjust my strategy for more players? 
1547	boardgames	 Call easy, Play aggressively I've only played it up to 5 players but in my experience the game works best if you don't go overboard with you calls. I prefer to call one or even two tricks less than I tought if someone else calls big numbers. But then I try to persue those tricks aggressively. Because even if the calls add up nicely people generally don't manage to follow through. So waiting towards the end to get you tricks is risky as the chances that someone messes up increases with the number of players. Fighting for you tricks to soon is risky too because that's an easy way to waste good cards to wizards. 
1548	boardgames	 The text on Anastasia "Dee" Dualla's once per game says: Once per game, before making a Skill check, look at the top 3 cards of any Skill deck (even outside your Skill set), and add all of them to either the Skill check or your hand. When is that ability meant to be played in timing? Before Investigative Committee? Before Reckless? Before any players play any cards? Before Dee plays any cards? When is it too late to trigger her power in a given skill check? 
1551	boardgames	 I don't have the English card text ready but the German one translates roughly like this: Move an opponents person or hut (with or without sacrifice token) up to 3 hexes from it's current location. Can I move an opponents person which carries a sacrifice token with this card or can I only move the bare person? Considering the parentheses I'd say that the part about sacrifice tokens moved along only applies to the huts... 
1552	boardgames	 Given that text, I would rule that you could move either a person or a hut, and the ruling about sacrifice tokens applies to both . If they had only intended the hut to have the sacrifice token clause, they should have written it as: Move an opponent's hut (with or without sacrifice token), or move a person, up to 3 hexes from its current location. 
1553	boardgames	 The official sequence of events for resolving a Skill Check: Read Card Play Two Cards from Destiny Deck Play Skills Shuffle and Divide Cards Total Strength Determine Result I've generally interpreted the "before making a skill check" phrase to mean the time between steps 1 and 3 (when the Destiny Deck cards come out usually isn't important). So things like Investigative Committee, Reckless and Dee's ability should ideally be used during this time. However, things sometimes happen a little fast and people start throwing in cards before someone has a chance to announce an action. We're usually pretty lenient and let people do things after step 3 starts if it doesn't seem like they're gaming. I don't think there's any specific sequence between Investigative Committee, Reckless, Dee's ability, and the like. I think they could happen in any order. Generally we play it kind of loose and the first person to act goes first; normally it doesn't matter. Ideally, everyone that has something to do should indicate that they do. According to the rules, it's up to the currently player to decide the order. 
1554	boardgames	 I found the answer in the comprehensive rules: 400.7 . An object that moves from one zone to another becomes a new object with no memory of, or relation to, its previous existence. So once the Vector Asp goes to my graveyard, it has no memory of the infect I gave it with its activated ability. So, I can't use the Corpse Cur to get it back. 
1555	boardgames	 Dragon Master: Once per turn, you may conquer a Region using a single Race token, regardless of the number of enemy tokens defending it. Once conquered, place your Dragon there... Does this allow you to conquer any region on the map, even if it's not adjacent to a region you already control? In a game I played last night, it was ruled that it could do this. However I don't agree with that ruling since it doesn't explicitly grant that exception. 
1556	boardgames	 The Dragon does not fly or give the race flying. (Therefore you can normally * only conquer adjacent areas). The Dragon does not do the conquering, only allow you to conquer an area with a single race token. You place the Dragon after you conquer the area. * normally used as I don't have all the expansions and for all I know there is an edge case out there! 
1558	boardgames	 The rules state: When a player passes, they must discard cards down to their Card Limit if necessary. also: Only when a player passes will they have to discard down to their Card Limit, which is determined by their Politics score. Take the following scenario: Black is at their card limit. During an Action Phase, Black passes. Later that same Action Phase another player completes a Shipping Track which awards a Governor card to Black. Black now has too many cards. When does Black discard? Immediately, at end of turn, or not until they pass in the next Action Phase? The above rule quotes pretty clearly indicate that Black would not need to discard until they pass in the next Action Phase. But, what if there isn't another Action Phase? For example, what if the phase in question is the last Action Phase of the game? Does this mean a player could score more cards than their card limit allows? However, the following quote seems to imply that the card limit is lifted only during the Action Phase (because it's not mentioned anywhere else): When drawing cards during the Action Phase there is no restriction on how many cards a player may hold... This could indicate that the card limit is enforced continuously after a player passes (because they are no longer able to draw cards), but it's not worded very well because what about the rest of the Action Phase when not drawing cards? 
1559	boardgames	 Dutch Blitz , also known as "Ligretto" and a bunch of other names. It plays 2-12 players very fast, since all play is simultaneous. I've heard it called "speed solitaire", and that's a pretty apt description. All the player are trying to clear away their piles into a common area, so you have a lot of high-speed interaction, but of very brief length. Mostly in the nature of "hey, I was gonna do that!". Rounds take between 2-10 minutes, and there's a downtime of about 1-2 minutes while the scores are tallied. Apart from that, all the players are playing all of the time. The downside to the game is its speed. There's a lot to keep track of, and many beginners will get confused. It the job of the experienced player to get them to stay calm and focus on the basics, until they get familiar enough to "see everything". That only takes 1-2 rounds. 
1561	boardgames	 Plastic Battery Cases For games with lots of little cardboard counters, like Arkham Horror, I bought a bunch of AAA- and AA-battery cases from e-bay. They ship world-wide for about 1-2 USD, and can easily store a lot of counters. My favorite thing about them is that they also act as trays, so players can take their components for themselves. This helped a lot with reducing setup time for Arkham Horror. Instead of one person (me) handing out lots of tiny tokens, I just toss the cases on the table and tell everyone to take what they need, while I'm doing the rest of the setup. 
1563	boardgames	 The rules do not specifically deal with this scenario, but the rules state as follows Each player has a Card Limit, which is determined by their Politics score. A player’s Card Limit determines how many Asset Cards the player is permitted to keep after passing . The absolute maximum will be 5 cards, one card per normal card slot. I have highlighted the important phrase here. So, once you have passed, you must discard down to your Card Limit. If your Card Limit changes as a result (due to losing a politic score etc), then you must keep discarding. If you are awarded a card after you have discarded, then you keep them. After passing, your round is effectively over, so you are starting the next round at that point. I agree that this feels a little odd, in fact we always played that when we checked our status tracks we normally discard our cards at that point. However, re-reviewing the rules seems to be clear on when the discard happens, and therefore the side effects as you have stated are implied. The rules can be found here . 
1564	boardgames	 Quick question about seafarers. Ports are added onto the map by placing them alongside the edge of a hex. Once a port is there is it right to consider that edge as Coastal or not? i.e. Can a ship be built along that edge? 
1565	boardgames	 A port is coastal. A ship can be build if a settlement or city is present (or as a continuation of other ships). 
1569	boardgames	 While I have both and definitely notice the similarities, I don't regret the purchase. Here's why: 1) Forbidden Island is easier to teach. Not that I think Pandemic is very complicated, but I've been able to teach Forbidden Island to my 8 year old where Pandemic was a bit too much. Also, the fewer number of bits (cubes and such) has made the game less intimidating to spouses. 2) Forbidden island is easier to vary. Beyond raising the "damage coefficient" (number of infections in Pandemic, beginning water level in Forbidden Island), you can alter the tile layout to form a new challenge. 3) Forbidden Island plays quicker. Faster setup, faster game play, faster tear down. Having said that, my usual gaming group prefers Pandemic with expansions to Forbidden Island because they feel it is a deeper experience. So to sum up: I would only get Forbidden Island if difficulty, approachability, or time is keeping Pandemic from hitting the table more. Otherwise, I'd go for another coop game such as Ghost Stories or Castle RavenCroft. 
1570	boardgames	 I've played Starfarers of Catan ( BGG | Wikipedia ) once and loved it. Usually, I only have one other to play board games with. I'd like to know how similar Starship Catan ( BGG | Wikipedia ) is so I can decide whether it's worth the purchase. 
1571	boardgames	 While Forbidden Island is very similar to Pandemic in gameplay, it is worth purchasing both games. Forbidden Island is definitely easier to teach to new players and has an overall shorter play time. It is also worth noting that this game is dirt cheap, and has been seen as low as $10 on sale. Games are only as fun as the people you have to play them with, so starting with Forbidden Island is well worth the cost. There is one key gameplay difference in that after the 4 treasures have been found, players still have to meet up at the helicopter and escape the island. This makes the end game strategy slightly different than Pandemic's. I disagree with another answer here that claims Forbidden Island is more varied due to tile layout. The initial seeding of disease tiles in Pandemic gives that same variety on a fixed physical board. Still, it is worth owning both games. 
1573	boardgames	 I've played Bohnanza ( BGG | Publisher ) a few times, and it seems that most players will buy a third bean field card as soon as possible. A third bean field card costs 3 gold, but through the course of the game, it feels like the extra flexibility from owning a third bean field will more than pay for itself, as you can save up more beans of a given type in order to sell them for more. Is it ever worthwhile not to buy the third bean field? Has anyone calculated how much a third bean field is worth (on average) over the course of the game? Should you buy a third bean field as soon as possible, or wait only until it's necessary? 
1574	boardgames	 It depends on how good you are at trading, how long you hold out for rare cards, and how the other players behave (e.g., would the other players refuse a donation they need so they can force you to harvest earlier? do the other players always buy third bean fields immediately?). It also depends on the number of players, but the game has you take out different beans for different numbers of players, so having fewer players doesn't always mean you're better off buying a third bean field. I've actually found that buying a third bean field (rather than getting one from a Field Bean ) is rarely worth it in the base game. The winner of the games I've played has usually been determined by less than three thalers. I rarely find myself wishing I had bought a third bean field in the base game. (In the High Bohn ( original BGG | Plus version BGG | Publisher ) version, however, I will almost always obtain a third bean field.) In short: In the base game, I would only recommend a third bean field when it's necessary (you are confident you will make more than 3 coins) or when a large majority of your opponents are also buying third bean fields. 
1575	boardgames	 Ahh Bohnanza. We play this quite often and we always buy the 3rd fields. I usually win with a lead of about 3-6 coins. In our family we are all fairly accommodating when it comes to trades and (at least I myself) don't think too much about what kind of beans will be coming up. If you play in a more competitive environment then my personal strategy (buy asap) might not be suitable to you. To be honest we've never explored the option of not buying the third field. We always buy them the first chance we get. I don't have any hard data but only a feel that in the end the field pays off. I admit that both firefeather and thesunneversets make good arguments against buying the field. Your ability to trade well and read the table will reduce the need for the field. I guess it is possible that the usefulness of the field depends largely on how good of a player you are (probably compared to your opponents). In my opinion you should go for it as soon as possible instead of waiting until you absolutely need it. It will cost the same amount of coins but the timespan in which you can profit from the increased possibilities will be longer. So you should evaluate your situation in the beginning and make a guess on whether or not you'll eventually need it and plan with that decision from the start. Indications that you need the third field: It is difficult for your to get good trades (hostile environment or bad trading abilities) There are more kinds of beans per player There are additional constraints on your growing like "Contracts" from the expansion. Many or all of your opponents have the third field Which all leads to you having to prematurely harvest your fields often Indications that you don't need the third field: You can get good trades (cooperative environment or good trading skills) You can predict the future beans with a good reliability and plan for it None of your opponents has the third field Resulting in you rarely having to harvest a field prematurely 
1583	boardgames	 I would never, ever buy the third bean field in Bohnanza except as a last resort (and yes, I win at least my fair share of games and consider myself a good player). Look at the final scoring margins of your games: is the winner usually ahead by half a dozen points or more? In my experience, this is not the case, it's usually much closer than that, and as such, those 3 coins you spent on a third bean field could be the difference between first place and a much less auspicious final position. Of course, the question really is, does a third field usually pay for itself, or not? Obviously it can pay for itself. But shrewd bargaining, good timing, and paying attention to what cards have been cashed in for gold do too, and I think working hard at improving those skills is way more important than getting a third field at the earliest opportunity. The third field makes the game feel a lot easier - once you have one, you will very rarely be at risk of losing a crop before you have a chance to make some gold out of it. In my experience that leads to complacency and complacency leads to less profitable bean farming! In short, either you regularly find yourself with not enough fields to make money with, or you don't. If you don't, you don't need a third bean field. If you do, I feel like you could probably benefit from tightening up your game a little - the bean field is an easy but expensive way out of your problems. In one of Uwe Rosenberg's other fine games, At The Gates of Loyang, there's the option to increase the size of your storage barn for a small cost, at which point you can keep 4 vegetables from one turn to the next instead of 1. And I feel that it's a trap in that game too: if you are regularly producing more vegetables than you can use, you're doing something wrong. Unless you've exhausted all the other possibilities for fixing your supply/demand imbalance, you want to be VERY wary of spending your valuable coins! 
1585	boardgames	 We played a 6-player game of Small World with the Necromancer Island expansion and a lot of fun it was too. Our Necromancer pulled off a narrow win by getting his 14th ghost onto the map at the very end of the final turn, it doesn't get much more climactic than that! Part of the Necromancer's success of course was getting himself into a position where it was nearly impossible for the other players to effectively oust him from the map; and in part he achieved this by investing in Seafaring, and taking both one of the map-edge sea regions... and also the lake surrounding Necromancer Island. The thing is, the rules are slightly unclear about how Seafaring interacts with the Necromancer Island expansion. Necromancer Island itself does not count as a normal board region, and the rules explicitly state that the island's "Lake Region is immune to other players (even Seafaring ones)". So does that mean that, with the Necromancer's Island expansion in play, the central Lake region is completely out of bounds to Seafaring races? Or out of bounds to other Seafaring races, but available for conquest by a Seafaring Necromancer? Or that the Lake region can be conquered by Seafaring as usual, but the island is unconquerable (and can still attack territories bordering the lake even if the lake is occupied)? I ruled on the night that the Necromancer could conquer his own Lake... if only because the Seafaring power seems pathetically bad in a Necromancer Island game otherwise! But it's not at all clear to me that it's the right answer. If anyone knows of, or can hazard a guess at, an official ruling, it would be much appreciated! 
1586	boardgames	 My experience with Blokus is that it pays to not be confrontational. If the board splits into two 1v1 games, and players A and B are being confrontational and denying each other access wherever possible, and players C and D are being semi-cooperative and leaving gaps to work around each other, then players C and D will naturally get more of their pieces onto the board. If there's a region you've trapped all the other players out of, then you'll only be able to take advantage of about half the space. Whereas a region twice the size, shared between two players, can let both those players get twice as many of their pieces down, if they leave space for them. So while I've encountered people using the Barasona opening, I don't use it myself. I find it pays far better to have fingers in as many pies (areas of the board) as possible, and not care who has fingers in my pies. To this end, I try to run straight for the centre, and then extend tendrils towards any zones that are looking particularly contested. Specifically I'll start with (in some order) Z, V, W; sometimes amended to insert the X, which I often find hard to shift later on. I also aim to have my first 12 plays be the 12 pentominoes. This often isn't possible - I'll want to get a finger into an area that needs me to use the 4-square line or some such - but when I do manage it, it leaves me very well set up for the late game. 
1587	boardgames	 As in every good designed game, any option may be two-sided. It depends on game-situation and your personal strategy, if it is right to buy the third field. First you should observe your own games and evaluate it after the play. Did you buy a third field and thereafter one nearly all the time one of your fields was empty or the game came to an fast end? Buying the third field was wrong. Continued the game on the other hand a long time and all your fields were filled nearly all the time. Good decision! If you didn't bought a field and you had often to clear a field early, because you needed the space? A third field would have been good. So, in what cases is a third field useful or not? Here some cases: Do you prefer collecting rare or common beans? In the case of the rare beans a third field is useful. Do you cash in early or try to get max-coins from a field? If you keep your beans longer on a field you might need the third. Do you play with many people? Many players have two effects. First the game is faster (not really faster, but everyone plays fewer turns). And it is easier to trade away unwanted beans and get wanted beans. Both things reduce the usefulness of the third field. Do you play generally with rule-variations, that makes the game faster like drawing more cards? Faster games reduce the usefulness of the third field. Do you play with contracts from the first extension? The contracts can be solved with first/second or second/third field. So the third field makes that easier. Do you play with extensions, that introduce new sorts of beans? More different sort of beans makes the third field more useful. More players may cancel this effect, because you can trade the unwanted beans. 
1588	boardgames	 I've lost galactic progress map for Twilight Imperium 2 edition. So now we can only play till one person obviously dominates all the others, which takes a lot of time. Each progress step requirements are not written in the rulebook. If anyone has this edition of the game, can you please tell me, what the requirements are? 
1589	boardgames	 I recently bought the Settlers of Catan Card Game , played two partial games, and was very disappointed because of the seemingly huge importance of luck . Just about every action is based on chance: resources are distributed based on dice rolls land tiles are drawn randomly, except if you were lucky enough to pull the magic card allowing you to actually choose the land tiles hand cards are randomly drawn, except if you are lucky enough to own some resources you can spare. However, even then you still need some luck in choosing the best card stack. some action cards need some more dicing when I played, the "mill" event was thrown over and over again by my opponent, so I never had any resources to advance my kingdom I particularly hate investing effort to plan ahead, just to see my strategy crushed under bad dice rolls. I am seriously considering throwing away the game after having played it only twice. However, I bought this game because it received a lot of good internet reviews , even from reviewers I trust. Therefore I ask myself: is there really some strategy involved in this game, or do you just need a large amount of luck to win? 
1590	boardgames	 While not explicitly stated, it seems clear to me that the lake region no longer exists outside of Necromancer Island. See the example of play on the smallworld-game website. There is also a statement from the publisher on BGG agreeing to the statement, "Seafaring is hosed" Reminder - the Necromancer only checks for victory on his own turn, not the other players. He cannot spawn his way to victory on other players turns. 
1593	boardgames	 Galactic Progression Chart : If you view the original size it should be big enough to read, and maybe even print off as a replacement. 
1594	boardgames	 This is a community maintained list of online resources to play boardgames with. Does anyone know of more resources for online play? Answers that address the following points would be much appreciated: What game or games are supported? If the answer "many", please consider a link to the list. What are the operating system requirements, or is it web-based? Does it support "live" play, where players are connected at the same time, as if playing together at a table? Does it support asynchronous play - like play by email or any other mechanism that allows each player to make his moves in turn. Does it have an active community? Is it easy to use? Or does it at least have good documentation? 
1595	boardgames	 Specific sites hosting one game Agricola @ Brass @ Dominion @ Hive @ Settlers of Catan @ Go @ (see specific answer below for more) Through the Ages @ After the Flood @ Ticket to Ride @ Memoir '44 @ Game agnostic toolsets These tools are generally used for Play-by-email games. Cyberboard VASSAL ACTS Portal sites hosting many games BrettspielWelt (40 games, a sample is given here) A Castle for All Seasons Carcassonne Caylus Dominion (very limited card set available; see above for a site with all the cards) Imperial Pandemic Power Grid Puerto Rico Stone Age 7 Wonders Pogo (21 boardgames, 29 cardgames) Monopoly Risk Spades Canasta Bridge Chess Battleship Boite à jeux (18 boardgames) Alhambra Shazamm Torres Cities 
1596	boardgames	 No, not in my experience. In fact, the Catan Card Game has a great depth of strategy and many ways to offset the luck of the dice. Your chances will be greatly helped if you've found a Scout card, certainly. It should ALWAYS be one of your starting cards if you have the chance. If you don't, then you know there's one in the three stacks that neither of you searched to start with. Use the ability to cycle a card from hand, and pay two useless resources (gold, or sheep or corn) to search more stacks for a Scout. When you do get a Scouted settlement, choose the numbers carefully. I try to choose a brick or ore that has the same number as my gold hex, so I get a real resource on every number. You could do the opposite and deliberately seek out both 5s so that you have a natural choice to Alchemist for. After a game or two you acquire something of an instinct for which cards are good early, good late, good all the time (Merchant), or never good. Cycle your hand aggressively: you should always be aiming to draw a card per turn unless you have a really perfect hand. There are several different approaches / strategies for how you deal with the event die, depending on your attitude to the luck of the game. If you're playing cautiously, you'll try to keep windmill points at least balanced with your opponent so they can't steal from you, and try to seek out tournament-point knights to get the tournament resources. I personally tend to go for the windmill token anyway as one of my 11 VP. 
1598	boardgames	 A great solution to this struck me as I was falling asleep a few nights ago (strange how the brain works): I won't need the expansion boxes anymore, so I could cannibalize those into smaller boxes. After a lot of careful measuring, I took the expansion box lids and scored them across the top in three places with a pair of scissors and a ruler, creating straight fold-lines. Then I trimmed off the bottom edge and a portion of each side, and folded on my scored lines. I made my boxes a few eights of an inch taller than they are wide, but I think an even square (i.e. three equally spaced score marks on the lid) would be just fine, maybe even better, since a couple of mine turned out to be a tighter fit than I intended. I kept the two corners in the upper portion of the lid intact, so it could serve as a lid on my smaller box, hinging at one of my folds. I folded the whole thing up and, after some final trimming, I taped the corners together. I also supported each folds with a strip of tape, to make sure they don't wear out and fall apart later. The new box with hinged lid closed: The box holds tiles and a baggie with game pieces. The lid is the intact portion from the top of the original box lid. The front, bottom, and back are all from the top of the original lid, all rolled up along my score marks. I kept a square from the sides of the original lid for the end pieces of the box. I trimmed the original cardboard insert and just kept the long narrow part that holds the tiles (bottom of last photo, below). This left room for my three re-sized expansion boxes (Princess, Traders, and Inns), plus my small expansions (The Count, King &amp; Scout, River II, and River (rubberbanded)) and my meeples in a bag. I'm not sure if all Carcassonne expansions would fit using this method, but I own most of them, and it fit nicely for me. Edit My attempt at a diagram. This is the expansion box lid in original form, with cuts and folds marked. Create a mock-up with a piece of scratch paper first, if that helps. Use scissors to score the three dashed lines across the top of the box (equally spaced). Cut out the X'd portions - the entire bottom edge and the center portion of each side edge. Fold the three scored marks to transform the large surface of the original lid into the front, back, bottom, and top of the new box. The top edge of the original lid will now be the front flap of the new box. The new lid will be just a little too tall for your new box, so trim it to match. Tape up the corners. You can also tape the folded edges for durability. 
1599	boardgames	 EyePlay Games has an online version of Robo Rally that allows for both live play and extended "play by mail" style games where people may only complete a turn or two each day. 
1600	boardgames	 I'm not sure if this would work well for you, as you didn't mentioned exactly what type of things you're transporting, but I'll throw it out there as a posibility for when you need to transport larger items (eg, I have a wh40k scale titan that I built for a friend when the Armageddon rules came out) find a container of a suitable size for transporting the items get two heavy duty plastic bags, each larger than the container (can be lighter weight, but then it won't be as durable. The more in/out bits the item to be cushioned has protruding from it, the larger the bag you'll need. get enough spray foam from the hardware store to fill the container. find a couple of heavy twist ties tape a bag to the tube for the spray foam, leaving as much space as possible for the bag to expand. Do not fill the bag with air, only open it enough to get the tube on and secure the bag's opening. If using more than one can of spray foam, prepare the other bag, too. place the first bag into the box, and fill it part-way with foam, then set the item onto the bag, and fill the bag until it's takes up about half of the empty space in the box. (you may have to move the spray tube to the next can and/or just use a bag per can ... more bags means the foam will separate into more pieces) place the second bag on top, and close the lid as best you can, with the tube sticking out the side, and fill the bag with foam 'til it starts trying to come out the container. (note -- some spray foams continue to grow after spraying ... it's a good idea to pay attention to how it grows w/ the first bag, so you can be prepared) let cure It works well for packing stuff once, but the foam sets up fairly hard, and so you sometimes have to break the foam when removing the item, which makes it less useful for repacking multiple times. You might also be able to just place all of the items in the bottom of a shallow box, use a single bag of foam over it, then once cured, flip the whole thing over to have little recesses for each piece. ... If the question was simply 'how do I keep the pieces from rattling together', I'd go with egg-crate foam; you place the pieces in the valleys of the foam, put another piece on top, then compress the whole thing together. For anything but stuff with really fine and/or delicate parts, it works great. ... If that still isn't enough for you, and you really wanted to make one of those boards with various sized holes in it, then you'll need lots of free time, some sheets of foam (but not too rubbery ... it seems to attract hair and dirt), contact cement, a few sharp craft knives, and some free time. For each tray, you'll need two pieces of foam -- one to hold the piece, and one as a 'bottom' to the tray. The bottom should be stiffer, but fairly thin, such as camping pad. The other one should be thicker, but 'softer' material, tall enough to sufficiently hold the piece laying down. You should be able to find this at fabric stores, as it's used for upholstering. You'll then want one of the thin but stiffer pieces as a lid to the whole thing. You're only going to be cutting the pieces that are thicker and softer. For each hole, you'll want to cut it just under the size of the piece it's going to hold. How much smaller depends on how soft the material is. (the softer it is, the smaller you'll want the hole, basically, you want to wedge the piece in the hole and it to hold firmly if it's heavy such as metal figures; you want it less tight if it's lightweight with more delicate parts). Cut all the way through to the bottom. Once you've got all of the holes cut in the sheet, use the contact cement to attach the cut piece of foam to one of the bottoms. Make sure to read the warnings on contact cement; they're not kidding when they say shut off the pilot lights in the house as it's highly flamable. I'd also recommend using a disposable brush (or a scrap of foam), as it's a pain to clean up after. Once you're all done, you have a series of trays that you can stack together, and then put the lid on it, and transport. (although, it also helps to identify a container to set it all into first, and make them to fit the container for easier transport) 
1601	boardgames	 What are some worthy online versions of board games? They should be: Complete working versions On a site that is easily accessible (so no spam, lots of pop-ups or requires handing over excessive information to sign up) Is a true version of the original (same rules, look and feel, game play) so no poor quality clones Reasonably active community so there are enough players to have a game any time of day EDIT: To clarify they should be online games that replicate an existing board game. Not just any online board game. 
1603	boardgames	 Ticket to Ride can be played at the Days of Wonder site, and is a very authentic play experience. Unfortunately, you can only play a few trial games before they expect you to fork over some cash to carry on, but it's a pretty nominal fee and if you really liked Ticket to Ride I'm sure it'd be worth it. Anyway, the first few games do cost nothing, so I think this is a valid answer to your question! I know people will recommend the play-agricola site and the like, but I personally find having to manually manage all your tokens, and other fiddly aspects of the turn, removes much of the joy from the experience. I think I would happily pay a small subscription fee for a really good implementation of Agricola (my favourite boardgame!) online that removes the spadework. If you'll forgive that farming-related pun... 
1604	boardgames	 Another portal for lesser known games is SuperDuperGames.org . I haven't played anything on there in forever, it is turn based, but can go pretty fast if you happen to be online at the same time. And yet another board game portal is Game Table Online . And yet again, haven't played there forever, I know that most of the games cost money to play, but there are some free ones. 
1605	boardgames	 Apparently even the two designers are not completely in agreement over this issue. It has come up on BGG more than once. This thread references two other threads where each designer gives an opinion on whether or not you should discard at the end of turn. Jarret Gray says: Discard is part of pass. The cards are supposed to return immediately to their respective piles. This can create some interesting timing effects, like blocking an opponent from drawing a good card. The downside is that when a player discards you have to wait for them. If the cards go back at the end of the turn then you can carry on the game while they number crunch. The game is intended to be played the first way. Carl de Visser says: You should still meet the card limit at the end of the turn. Checking the rules, this is only implied in the End of the Round section with "Once discards are complete". Basically there should be another check at the end of the turn. de Visser was specifically responding to the question of acquiring a governor card after passing, Gray was not. He was only answering the general question of whether discarding occurs after passing or at the end of the turn. So he probably wasn't considering the odd circumstance of getting another card after passing. Had that case been brought up he might have said both, as did de Visser, but all we have to go on is what they did say and Gray clearly says you don't discard at the end of the turn. The rules-as-written are pretty explicit that discarding only occurs immediately after passing. That is also supported by the comment of one designer, but explicitly contradicted by the other. So there is certainly evidence to back up either ruling, but no definitive answer. Personally, I don't like the idea of exceeding the card limit for a full turn, and really don't like the idea of getting to score cards that exceed the limit. So I'll probably go with discarding after passing and also at the end of the turn. I may even consider immediate discard as that makes the most sense to me, and there is some slight justification for that in the rules. 
1606	boardgames	 If you are looking to play Risk, Axis &amp; Allies, Diplomacy, or a variety of other games online, check out GamesByEmail.com . It's a pretty simple, easy to use site. Also, the guy who runs the site, Scott Nesin, happily let's others create/enhance games using the JavaScript library he created. If you are a programmer you can create your own games (or enhance existing ones) and get them up on the site! See the Developers Page for more details. The games are all JavaScript-based so there's no program you have to download or Java applet you have to run and you can create games by inviting certain players or by playing against other random users. 
1608	boardgames	 Although in beta, the quality of Memoir '44 online feels like a quality shrinkwrap product. You can plenty of games for free before having to fork over money: 
1610	boardgames	 Another I use fairly regularly is the Brass online game. It is slightly different to most of the others, because it allows you to play turn by turn, and will notify you via email when it is your go. Therefore, you do not all need to be in session to play. I have played a game over a week before now. If you are all online however, you can play it in a few hours. 
1613	boardgames	 What is the better strategy in Poison ( BGG )? Trying to get nothing at all may be a good strategy, but sometimes hard. Is it better to try to get the most of a color, so that this color doesn't count for you? Avoiding the poison, without a question. 
1614	boardgames	 Race for the Galaxy - you have to download but you can play online and single player 
1615	boardgames	 In what situations is Upgrade (Intrigue) useful? I have never seen anyone buy Upgrade in the games I've played where it was available. Whenever I play with Upgrade and Swindler, I always give Upgrade to my opponents in exchange for their 5-cost cards. They never know what to do with it... What are we doing wrong? How can we make use of this card? 
1616	boardgames	 You can use Upgrade to gradually improve your deck while also carrying out a larger strategy. Because Upgrade is non-terminal (that +1 Action) you can turn your Estates into Silver or middling 4-cost cards into more powerful 5-cost cards while still playing your other Actions. It is tricky, I won't deny that, but it can have some value. I don't see it as the core of your strategy, though. 
1617	boardgames	 Why does the Dealer post the small blind and the other player post the big blind? Normally the person to the left of the dealer will post the small blind then the second player to the left of the dealer will post the big blind. So why does this switch when going heads-up? Quote from Wikipedia When only two players remain, special 'head-to-head' or 'heads up' rules are enforced and the blinds are posted differently. In this case, the person with the dealer button posts the small blind, while his/her opponent places the big blind. The dealer acts first before the flop. After the flop, the dealer acts last and continues to do so for the remainder of the hand. 
1618	boardgames	 I think that every single new player has asked this in our group. The best we can come up with is: If you haven't bought one by the time of the 2nd run through the deck, don't. 
1622	boardgames	 Upgrade allows you to thin your deck with a non terminal action. Being able to get rid of coppers and curses is almost always helpful. You an also trade out poorly performing or obsolete cards for better cards. Heck, upgrade an Upgrade to a gold :) I love being able to thin my deck and will almost always grab 1-2 of these if there are no better deck thinning options available. 
1626	boardgames	 Money-heavy play is indeed strong in the base set. You're simply better off buying a Silver or Gold most of the time. Fortunately, the expansions make action cards and combos much stronger. Unfortunately, the expansions cost money. ;) 
1627	boardgames	 In addition to the +1 Card and +1 Action, Upgrade is one of only two "gain a card costing X more" (note: I'm ignoring Forge here) cards that has the word exactly on it (the other is Cornucopia's Remake). Meaning that if you Upgrade a Copper or Curse, you get nothing back (assuming you didn't play a Bridge before it). With Remodel and Expand, you must gain another card costing up to 2 or 3 more, even if the cost is lower than that of the card you trashed. 
1628	boardgames	 What the heck is the "Traveling Player" space for in Agricola (family game)? Besides gaining the food there, is there anything else significant about that space? 
1630	boardgames	 Yes , As in the regular versions, Traveling Players accumulates 1 food a turn. Unlike the regular version, there are no occupations or minor improvements to play to gain a greater advantage from that space. 
1631	boardgames	 Traveling Players only becomes really relevant in the full game, when players' Occupations and Minor Improvements may trigger off using it. So why is it still there in the family game, you ask? Well, Agricola is a pretty tough game for newbies to "grok" on the first play, or even the first few plays. The last thing you want is for them to have three Begging cards by the end of the second harvest, and vow never to play this stupid game again! By having multiple spaces that just contain food piling up, even the least clued-up player has an obvious way of saving his family from grim starvation at the end of the harvest rounds. And that's good. Once they get a bit more experienced, they will turn their noses up at such an inefficient way of turning actions into food... but's that another story, for a later day! 
1632	boardgames	 1830: Take a Ride on the Reading Classic 1830 with the addition of the Reading variant. This variant can be downloaded from Boardgame Geek . It adds a new company, the Reading, which competes with the Pennsy. More importantly it adds a delayed rust rule for trains which gives new players some extra protection against being choked out early. Additionally there is r umor that the reprint may include one or more of the variants. 
1636	boardgames	 There are two key points here: Your deck starts out bad. Many cards are much better in the early game than later. You can use upgrade to solve both problems. Getting rid of your starting copper (and likely estates) will improve your deck. So will trashing that first-turn buy that's just too weak to get you to provinces later. It's a non-terminal action, so it gives you a way to trash these cards without wasting turns, as you tend to do with something like chapel or steward. And do remember: it's an upgrade . You're not just removing a weak link, you're replacing it with something to strengthen your deck. There are some great special cases, too, like upgrading four-cost actions to duchies in the end game, and trashing curses. 
1637	boardgames	 You can buy many as early as possible in the game. This is a really good starting strategy. By many, I mean as much as 5 or 6 cards. It will clean your deck so quickly from all the and , you will be able to upgrade your into and reach the much faster than you can imagine. And don't forget to upgrade your to (instead of ) if both are on the table! 
1638	boardgames	 I certainly favor taking a color. With good players it's impossible to get nothing, and if you pick a single color you'll have some control. Once you start specializing in a color other players are unlikely to take any of that color if they can help it, ensuring you'll get the majority. Once you have that solid majority, towards the last half or third of the game, you can foist pots of that color onto other players, knowing they'll be stuck with points. This gives you power that you don't have if you take nothing. Of course, everyone else is trying to do the same thing. :) 
1639	boardgames	 A third option along the lines of Vassal and Cyberboard is ZunTzu , and a fourth is Battlegrounds . Games available for the first three highly favor wargames, though there are certainly decent eurogames on the lists. Battlegrounds, cautious about getting in trouble for copyright violation due to scans of game parts, doesn't have a list of games but there are quite a few out there, Google being your pal. I've only played actual games through Vassal, and found the interface to be clunky, but we were certainly able to play. I've tried to create new games in the Vassal, Cyberboard, and ZunTzu systems and, despite being a programmer, gamer, and generally smart dude, found them to be some combination of impenetrable and too limited. Mind you, plenty of people enjoy them, and there's not reason to think you won't, but they didn't turn out to be what I was hoping for. 
1640	boardgames	 Qwirkle Fun, puzzly tactical decisions and people pick it up almost instantly. While it's not one of my personal favorites, I've introduced it to many groups of non- and light-gamers to great acclaim. Print out this scoreboard (or one of the others) or use anything besides their suggested method of tracking scores with pen and paper: not only is the pen and paper a hassle (everyone scores every turn and turns are fast) but knowing who's in the lead at a glance allows for a little leader-semi-bashing, making the result more fun. 
1641	boardgames	 Basically, as Wikipedia hints at, to make sure that a different player acts first before that flop than after the flop — just as in non-heads-up, where “Under The Gun” (the player after the Big Blind) acts first before the flop, and the Small Blind acts first after the flop. In heads up, if the non-dealer would post the Small Blind and the dealer the Big Blind, then the non-dealer would act first both before and after the flop. I guess it would be possible to “reverse” the rule, and instead “simply” let the dealer act first after the flop, but that would be a rule exception after the flop, so if someone would make a mistake in the order of play it would probably be more complicated to “clean up” or “reverse” that mistake after the flop than before it. 
1642	boardgames	 Carcassonne : I've found that Carcassonne is very easy to teach in a few minutes by simply demonstrating the game. Shuffle up the tiles and play a few sample turns, explaining what the optimal move for each tile would be and why. This will give players a basic understanding on the various ways to score points, and they can discover advanced strategies (adding additional meeples into fields or buildings, blocking other player's moves to freeze meeples on the board, etc.) as they play the game. 
1643	boardgames	 We have 1 or 2 new people who are interested in joining our lunch Dominion games where I work. We'd like to teach them about the various rules unique to each of these sets: Base, Intrigue, Seaside, and Prosperity. Can anyone recommend a card set that will teach all the important game rules? Note: We've stopped using Alchemy's potions in our games and instead replace a card's potion cost with a 3-coin cost. 
1644	boardgames	 2nd Edition This edition adjusted or clarified a few of the rules (and the matching graphics). The rule changes were: The Sheriff can't be put in jail. (1st Edition: Sheriff could be put in jail.) Discard Jail after you skip one turn. (1st Edition: Jail was not discarded until a heart ♥ or diamond ♦ was drawn.) When performing a draw! for jail, the flipped-over card must be hearts ♥ to get you out of jail. (1st Edition: The flipped-over card could be hearts ♥ or diamonds ♦.) Sid Ketchum has 4 life points. (1st Edition: Sid Ketchum had 3 life points.) There were also a few changes in cards' names: Cavallo (Horse) became Mustang Maestrina (Mistress) became Cat Balou Indiani! (Injuns!) become Indiani! (Indians!) 3rd Edition — Bang! The Bullet! This was a compilation release, it contained the 3 expansions released at that point High Noon Dodge City A Fistful of Cards It also included 3 special character cards Uncle Will Johnny Kisch Claus "The Saint" 2 additional high noon cards New Identity Handcuffs A sheriff's badge This release contained the 3rd edition of the basic game rules and the 2nd edition of the Dodge City rules. 4th Edition — 
1645	boardgames	 I would not recommend any one card set to teach all the important rules from each expansion. That may be too much. For brand new beginners, I recommend the "Big Money" set from the first game. I use this before the one recommended by the base set rules ("First Play"?) because it teaches the trade off between money and actions. First Play is really a preview of all the different card abilities, which may give the erroneous impression that the game is all about actions. Otherwise, I'd play random sets (with some drafting) from the combined sets and teach the rules as they come up. 
1647	boardgames	 I'd suggest avoid extra actions for the first game... Only use Throne Room/Expand if you have no +1 action cards, and don't use any +2 action cards. Combos can be fun, but they can both extend the length of the game, and are harder to grasp for a newbie, often leaving them wondering why their turns are always short and boring while yours take forever. 
1648	boardgames	 A dice game similar to the ones suggested by Matt Dillard is Booty for Booty . You are in command of an unruly pirate crew and have to sail from place to place trying to collect booty. It has nice, whimsical humor and plenty of odd events which can happen to your ship. Another idea would be to take an existing game and set up an AI algorithm (I've done this myself with several Dvorak decks, and also the game of Hearts; just think of how you play and apply it to the opponents.) This option can amount to playing against yourself, though, and if you don't set up the algorithm well enough, you will find the AI making horrible moves. Sometimes I actually do both good and poor algorithms, since playing with both intelligent and unintelligent opponents livens things up. 
1649	boardgames	 I've played Scrabble often as just a single player. All rules stay the same, but you're just looking to optimize every play for the most number of points (and I personally disallow myself to turn-in my tiles). You could also optimize for always playing the longest possible word, or finishing your personal game in, say, 25 minutes. 
1650	boardgames	 I haven't played Settlers of Catan yet, but I've been considering asking my gaming group if they want to try it. As I understand it, Settlers of Catan is now in its fourth major version. If I do get a Catan box, should I just get the current (fourth) edition, or is there some reason to look for used copies of earlier editions? Edit : I forgot to mention, we will also be getting the 5-6 player extension. 
1651	boardgames	 The new fourth edition has a few minor changes in appearance, and the biggest change is a new set of border pieces that surround the hexagon tiles to keep them together. The most important thing to know is that they do not mix and match very well: if you have the 3rd edition of Settlers, you should buy the 3rd edition of the expansions. If you have the 4th edition of the base game, you should buy the 4th edition expansions. So if you're just getting into it, I would suggest buying the new edition, since the corresponding expansions will be easier to find. 
1652	boardgames	 I never thought of this as a problem, but always as a deliberate feature - sometimes it's possible to slip a Big Meeple into a city without drawing attention to it. "Okay, so I finish the city and I get the points, because I have two workers to your one." "Actually... you might want to look at my guy again..." I'm aware that some groups' sense of fairness will result in a lynching if anyone tries to pull off something as "underhand" as this, but still, I'm pretty sure the Big Meeple is close in size to his smaller brethren as by a deliberate design choice. 
1655	boardgames	 There was a huge (and stupid) rule addition with the later editions, where if you run out of resource cards during a production phase, no one gets anything. In the old rules (1999, Mayfair) there was no rule on it, so our group always played where you parcel out that resource starting at the die roller, and going clockwise. The new rules also allow you to move the robber to a desert hex, which was not allowed before. 
1656	boardgames	 In Cities &amp; Knights, there changed what some of the progress cards are. The card that lets you disable an opponents city has been removed in the 4th edition. I'm not sure what additions it was in, but one of my friends complained quite loudly when he realized they had removed the card. I would get the 4th edition, since it's easier to find, and the expansions will be easier to get. Most of the changes have been minor and make game play easier. My only complaint about the quality of the 4th edition is that I wish the frame pieces were sturdier. 
1659	boardgames	 I own the German version (Die Siedler von Catan), and it has different (plastic) pieces for roads, etc. The board pieces are a slightly different size, as well as the resource cards. Therefore, if you plan on getting the expansions, make sure that you stick with the US versions. 
1662	boardgames	 I've seen a lot of discussions about the basic strategies newcomers to Dominion develop: First you buy as many action cards as you can get you hands on. After several games, someone discovers Big Money and wins over the clogged decks of strategy #1 You realize that selective purchase of just a few action cards augments Big Money enough to give winning strategy. In general, I feel like the base set stops there. I bought the base set several months ago, and soon after my friend bought Intrigue and Seaside. My general strategy evolved into something a lot like #3 above, where his became huge on action chaining (and annoyingly long turns with some card setups). When Prosperity came out, we both bought it, but for me, it just seemed to take my general strategy a little further with bigger money cards. Obviously, owning the base set affected my key strategy a lot differently than owning Intrigue did for my friend. He and I seem to be pretty equally paired when we play, however, when I go over to isotropic and play online, I find I get slaughtered especially when Intrigue (and sometimes Seaside) cards make up most of the 10 kingdom cards. So here's my question: Most players went through stages 1 through 3 above when they get the base set. What follows those after picking up Intrigue? I feel like I'm really missing something when it comes to the Intrigue cards; a lot more cards work together in a lot more combinations in a way the base set doesn't, so how do you learn to capitalize on that better? 
1663	boardgames	 You allude to this, but I think a key in Intrigue is knowing which cards interact with each other. There are a lot of ways this is important: Identifying which Kingdom cards can mitigate the effects of the Attack cards your opponent bought Finding ways to use two terminal actions in the same turn by supplementing them with +Action cards (for example, playing two copies of Bridge is fantastic) The Intrigue cards, like all the expansions, have a lot more 'complex' cards that go beyond the +X +Y +Z pattern on a lot of the base cards. All I can say is that the more you play with Intrigue (ideally with more than 2 people, also) the more you'll see and learn interesting interactions between the cards in the set. In my opinion, nothing helps you in Dominion more than knowing the cards. If you've played with every one of the 10 cards out there, you're not guaranteed a win or anything, but you will just be more familiar with the different pros and cons of each and you'll be able to come up with a strategy faster. 
1664	boardgames	 Beginners in Dominion suffer from the same cognitive problem that beginners in Magic the Gathering do: they only see how much a card costs in terms of what they spent on it. They don't notice another cost, that it takes up space in their deck . When people start playing Magic they think "Wow! An Ornithopters costs 0 mana to cast? I'll put 4 in my deck!". And then keep drawing 0/2 flyers instead of something that actually does anything. Likewise, those starting out in Dominion tend to always use a spare Buy to obtain more Copper coins. Stuff is good, they think - not realizing that mediocre stuff can actually be worse than no stuff at all. I don't own Prosperity yet but: it looks to me as if Loan would be a great way of removing Coppers from your deck, until all you have are Silvers and Golds, which are what you really want to be drawing every turn! I think the key to thinking about this card is understanding that it doesn't do anything bad to your game even if you hit treasure cards you don't want to discard - it's cycled through your deck for you, which is a good thing. At worst it's an expensive Copper that gets you to the good stuff in your deck faster. At best, it efficiently kills off the Copper cards that are clogging up your deck, once you reach the stage where you have better treasure cards that you want to draw. If one player just buys Loans and another just buys Silvers, obviously Loans start to look hugely inferior. But if one player buys only Silvers and the other buys Silvers but also 1 or 2 Loans... pretty soon the second player's Copper-light draws will start to be more efficient! 
1665	boardgames	 Intrigue generally has nastier attack cards than Base does, and you really need to avoid getting hit by them or at least learn how to deal with their fallout. The three major attacks are: Saboteur: This is the only card in the game that can force you to trash a Colony or Province (and not get one back). Swindler: This allows your opponent to force you to trash a card and give you one of the same cost. Essentially, they can dilute your deck, and even give you Curses if you trashed a Copper. Luckily, for Colony and Province, this just wears down their respective piles, as the cost has to be the same. Note: For any card, if there is no card of the same cost left, you just lose that card. Very late Edit: There is one other card that costs 8... Peddler. I suggest not playing a game with both Peddler and Swindler in play. Torturer: A nasty card, particularly when used with Base's Throne Room or Prosperity's King's Court. Unlike Militia, Ghost Ship, or Goons, Torturer does not stop when you only have three cards. Also of note is that the Curse goes into your hand should you choose to take it, so you can use it with things like Chapel when your turn rolls around... or if it's King's Courted, take two curses then discard them for the third. There is one more attack card (Minion) and two pseudo-attack cards (Masquerade and Tribute; they're not attack cards, so you can't block them)... you really should look through all the Intrigue cards to see what they do. 
1666	boardgames	 Board and Card Games - Stack Exchange is for expert Q&amp;A from people who like playing, discussing the strategy of, and getting rules clarifications of board games, designing board games or modifying the rules of existing board games. How do we define Board Games? Please see this meta question for the full discussion, the summary is: Be playable on or around a table Have objective rules of play and win conditions Offer dynamic challenges, either through other players, randomization, or both Be playable by hand, by human players implementing all of the rules What are some examples of boardgames that are on topic here? This is far from a complete list, but we have many questions on the following: Collectible Card Games Magic:The Gathering Pokemon "German" style boardgames Dominion Settlers of Catan Carcassonne Traditional boardgames Axis&amp;Allies Monopoly Traditional Card games Bridge Poker Strategic games Chess Go Cooperative boardgames Battlestar Galactica Arkham Horror Minature wargames (including the preparation of miniatures/terrain/etc) Warhammer 40k Warmachine Battletech For a question to be on topic, it must relate to a game that is on topic, but the particular instance that the question is referring to may loosen those rules. Questions about playing games with giant pieces will make a game not playable around a table, but if it's a game that could be or is normally played around a table, it's fine. Questions about Go problems or Chess problems are fine, even if they are static puzzles, since they are related to a dynamic game. Questions about computer implementations of board games are fine. We're not the right place to ask questions about: Computer games, try gaming.stackexchange.com Role Playing games, try rpg.stackexchange.com Puzzles Game Recommendation/Shopping questions, this includes all questions that could be phrased like: Best game for ... ? Which game is like ... ? 
1667	boardgames	 Labyrinth Labyrinth takes 1 or 2 players inside the Islamist jihad and the global war on terror. With broad scope, ease of play, and a never-ending variety of event combinations similar to GMT's highly popular Twilight Struggle, Labyrinth portrays not only the US efforts to counter extremists' use of terrorist tactics but the wider ideological struggle—guerrilla warfare, regime change, democratization, and much more. 
1668	boardgames	 I'm looking for full-text (or even better, image) spoilers for the old Shadowrun collectible card game (interchangeably known as Shadowrun TCG or CCG). Basically, I'm looking for a list of all the cards, plus their rules in one convenient package. There used to be a Geocities site that had them, but the site is long gone now, so I wondered if anyone knows of another site that might have them. I've done a fair amount of searching, and nothing has come up yet, for what it's worth. 
1669	boardgames	 On any given day we can have any number of players, up to ten, so that's not a limitation. Keep in mind that setup, play and packing up needs to be done in the hour. My coworkers are all experienced board gamers, so complexity is not an issue. 
1674	boardgames	 It has some similar ideas (e.g. your ship gets new abilities as you build it up), but it's really a totally different game. And, I think, a better one. 
1675	boardgames	 Euchre It's dead simple to set up and easy to learn. I worked in a office where we regularly had two games going every day. Anyone was welcome to play, just sit down and deal. We usually could play two full games (to 10 points) in a one-hour lunch break. As a bonus (having just now skimmed the wikipedia page), there are apparently variations for 6 or 8 players if you need to support more people. 
1676	boardgames	 Fluxx This is another card game that's really simple to set up. I find that I play better when I'm not fully paying attention - always a consideration when food is involved. It theoretically supports as many people as you want (the wiki page says 2-6, but I've played many games with more). You should be able to complete somewhere between 0 and 12 games in a one-hour lunch. 
1677	boardgames	 Sometimes an attack card such as Thief or Spy can trigger a reshuffle. In these cases, you would usually not want to put stash on top of your deck because it would get hit immediately. 
1678	boardgames	 This is really an answer to a broader question, but I think a fair way to break down the various Dominion boxes would be: Base: Build a powerful deck. Stack actions, and build up to buying Provinces. Intrigue: Change the rules of the game. Swap cards. Make cards cost less than normal. Make Coppers worth more. Victory cards double as actions or treasures. Play the same card with results of your choosing. Seaside: Actions that affect the game beyond the turn on which they're played. Duration cards are a clear example of this, but Island, Pirate Ship and Native Village follow the same pattern. Treasure Map also forces you to plan a bit, and Smugglers even look back a turn. Treasury introduces the idea of putting a card you played back on top of your deck. Alchemy: Actions! Six of the ten action cards introduced have +actions, and Golem also leads to more action stacking. Of course the dependence on the Potion treasure card is significant, and Possession is arguably one of the most powerful and confusing cards in the game. I'd say Alchemy also focuses a bit on general manipulation of your deck, with plenty of opportunity to trash bad cards, and return good ones to the top of your deck. Prosperity: Amplification, treasures that do stuff and Victory tokens. If you count Colony and Platinum, seven (The others I counted were Expand, King's Court, Grand Market, Worker's Village and Goons) of the 27 new cards are basically bigger, better versions of cards from the base set. Eight of the new cards are Treasures with fine print. Forge helps you turn lesser cards into more powerful ones. Even the reaction card costs more than two. 
1679	boardgames	 I've recently bought Pandemic, and really liked the game. But since the basic game is only 2-4 players, I ordered the expansion "On the Brink", which brings it up to 5 players. Is there a rules variant that would let me play with 6 players? 
1680	boardgames	 Here's one link to start you on your way: a full text spoiler in PDF for the "Underworld" expansion, which was the only one released for the game. 
1681	boardgames	 We've played Bang, Citadels, and Race for the Galaxy during our lunch break. Bang has the plus/minus of having people get removed from the game before the game ends. 
1682	boardgames	 I've had a long running debate with some folks I play with regarding concession. Some argue that is it is unsportsmanlike to concede a game if you are not doing very well. I contend however, that if it often more frustrating to sit there and be miserable if you know the outcome of the game; this is particularly true of longer games such as Catan with Cities and Knights. Now, I'm not really talking about "just quitting" every time you don't get your way. And I'm certainly not talking about being rude, snide or otherwise contemptible in such cases. I've been on the other side of the fence too and it seem appropriate to "just call it" in many instances but some would rather drag it on. Is there an acceptable middle ground or technique for dealing with these types of situations? Where one person has clearly won before they have actually won? 
1683	boardgames	 We've played a lot of Wizard, the card game. A full game (one card up to ten, then back down again) is sometimes a little too long, but its easy to shorten. 
1684	boardgames	 Dominion is a great game for lunch. It's the only strategy game I can think of with a playtime under a half hour. We can often get through two rounds during lunch at my office. 
1685	boardgames	 In a two-player situation I could see how this might be acceptable, but with more players I'd be very cautious. For instance, it may appear to you that player three is the foregone winner, but perhaps player two has a victory Development Card, along with a Road Building that could catapult him to longest road, if he can just get another brick to make one more road along with it. Let's imagine this would steal the longest road from player three, and result in the players being tied neck and neck. To you, it may look hopeless, but for player two to refute your assertion that such is the case, he will have to reveal that he sees a path to winning, which could cause player three to be more cautious, resulting in the spoiling of player two's plan. The last time I played I won, and was ahead the entire time, and yet until the very end at least two of the other players (six-player game) had a fighting chance, one unbeknownst to me (two victory points from Dev cards conveniently left in his lap). It's not fair to the other players for you to decide it's time to call it. 
1686	boardgames	 What are the different merits of the Khet opening set-ups - Classic, Imhotep &amp; Dynasty? 
1687	boardgames	 I haven't seen recommendations for six-player, but I can't think of a reason it can't be done. I think the only thing that needs to be decided is the size of the players' starting hands. 4 and 5-player games start with two cards. You could either go with two or drop it to one. I'd probably stick with two. Beyond that I think you can just play. There's nothing in the game that will break by having six people. That said, I'm not sure how well it will play. The consensus is that the game gets harder with more people, but fortunately it's very easy to tweak the difficulty in Pandemic. You can decrease the number of Epidemic cards, increase the Special Event cards, or allow players to choose their role, each of these will make the game easier to beat. If I were going to try it, I'd probably go with two cards for the starting hands, four epidemic cards, and I'd put all 13 Special Event cards in. I'd see how that goes and then tweak it from there. 
1688	boardgames	 The rules say the bio-terrorist challenge is for three and four player games and is explicitly not recommended for five players. Why is that? If it's a difficulty issue, couldn't the number of Epidemic cards be adjusted to compensate? As easy as it is to tweak the difficulty of Pandemic, it's hard to imagine there isn't some way to get it to work. Am I missing something? Is there some reason it just can't work? 
1689	boardgames	 I would rather a player concede than that they make plays that are not in their best interest and thus play "kingmaker". I haven't played Catan lately so this may or may not be applicable there, but I personally would rather someone: Keep striving to improve their own score OR Stop playing entirely and let the rest of us finish the game Rather than see them purposely cause the game to end early in a way that doesn't help them, or make unfavorable trades just to entertain themselves (which will favor whoever is the lucky recipient). If all players think the winner is clear, I've occasionally had my group just start a new game, but that's rare and usually only done with the approval of the "winning" player. 
1690	boardgames	 Andrew raised some very good point on which I'd like to elaborate. I don't like the idea of declaring yourself the winner. In most games it is unlikely that you can do this with reasonable certainty. Thus it is presumptuous and - like Andrew explained - potentially unfair. I do however see some use in conceding a game under certain circumstances. Tournament play - Lots of CCG's play 3 games per round with a time limit of 20/30 minutes. In such situations it can be preferable to concede a bad game early in order to ensure you have enough time for that 2nd or 3rd game in which you might at least even the score. In games without termination mechanisms - like Monopoly - it is possible that the last two players develop a sort of stalemate even though one player does have an obvious advantage in assets. Instead of playing until the table rots away one player could simply concede the game - or they could agree to end the game at a defined moment (X more turns, next full hour, etc) and simply call the player with the most assets the winner. When a player has accumulated such a big disadvantage that it is highly unlikely for him to recover. When the remainder of the game is short I'd still recommend playing it out but if there are still an hour to play then I can understand why they don't want to go through that. That said, in multiplayer games one player conceding can have a serious impact on the dynamics of the game so it is often worth exploring other options like playing for second and third place. 
1691	boardgames	 I´m hooked on Carcassonne but feel that after you learned the basic tactics it is mostly a game of luck. This has me wondering, when designing board games how would one go about calculating the luck factor? Are there any known good methods? 
1692	boardgames	 How about Are You the Traitor ? No setup to speak of, socially dynamic, and the play is rapid paced and doesn't require careful tracking of past events/actions/state (a plus when people are distracted by food). 
1694	boardgames	 Good question! Amazingly enough, there's a definitive answer. The reason is described in detail in this board game geek thread , where game designer Tom Lehmann explains that playtesting showed the game became too long and boring with 5 players. Basically the game becomes 50% longer, and there are large gaps where individual players don't get to do anything. The detailed analysis he provides is quite interesting. 
1695	boardgames	 I've played with bribing allowed in several groups, and I've found it adds strategic depth and increases liquidity for trades. Because players in my groups always keep deals, we've actually commoditized protection -- a player often sells the right to be left-alone the next time he moves the robber, a right we call a "Not-Hit." This isn't worth a full resource card, so it's usually used to sweeten some borderline deal. For example, if I'm selling my sheep to someone who has a rock, a wheat, and a brick, I might request he give me a single Not-Hit in addition to the brick, lest I help make a Knight that will harm me later. Or I might simply offer a Not-Hit for a single use of someone's 3-1 port, which ordinarily isn't worth a whole card. Often players are willing to accept a Not-Hit as a bribe, at least from 1-2 opponents, so fewer real resource cards trade hands than you might expect. We also sometimes perform coerced trades -- I agree not to rob you, but you have to trade your valuable brick for my worthless stick. Late-game, it's so valuable to rob the winning player that bribes simply don't happen. It's important enough to slow down the winner that the robber isn't a credible threat to the losing players. On balance: My groups play with resource-cards face-up*, which strengthens the robber as you know whom you're going to target, but despite that we find bribes make Development cards much less variable in value. Monopoly, Road Building, and Year of Plenty all just-about pay for themselves (if not more-so), but without bribes, Knights aren't so great, despite letting you chase Largest Army. In our games, playing a Knight usually gets you 0-2 crummy spare resource cards and 1-2 Not-Hits, plus 1 random resource card. In a certain sense, it's a hybrid between a Year of Plenty and a VP card (as it chases Largest Army), making it about even with the rest of the deck. The main harm in having bribes is that rolling a 7 is luckier. However, this isn't much worse than the standard variability in the game -- some rolls generally help certain players much more than others. *The robber takes a random card from the face-up hand. 
1697	boardgames	 It would depend on the game. Certainly for games that involve rolling dice, the probability of certain events happening can be easily calculated. For games where dice are thrown or cards or drawn, there are some games where some outcomes can really change the flow of the game. There are also games where random events actually have minimal affect on the outcome of the game. Monopoly has a strong aspect of how luck factors into the game. Where you pieces land, makes or breaks the game for you. In Settlers of Catan, luck exists, but good players do their best to maximize their odds so the luck of the dice is less of a factor for them. Chess, is completely a game of skill, there is no random factors are all. For games that combine luck and skill, experienced players make moves that are likely to benefit them the most. Thus, their skill helps them depend less on luck to win. That doesn't mean bad luck still can't keep them from winning. You have to analyze how randomness created by dice or card drawing helps or hinders players when designing the game in order to determine how much luck affects the game. There are books on the subject of game design you can look into and an entire course on the subject matter at one university . Some books I've seen on the subject are: The Art of Game Design: A Deck of Lenses Challenges for Game Designers A Theory of Fun for Game Design 
1698	boardgames	 Players in my Catan groups never reneg on deals, so we have a number of common contracts. For example, we often sell each other a "Not-Hit," the right to be avoided the next time the seller gets to move the robber. We also often sell future cards -- I give you my wheat now in exchange for your next two rock. It took us a while to commoditize these now-ordinary contracts, though. What are other common contracts people use in Catan? 
1699	boardgames	 We don't use contracts with the group of friends I play Catan with. While it's an interesting idea, trading resources for nothing in return during the trade is explicitly against the rules of the game. Also, the player who's turn it is has to be involved in all trades being made during that turn. So, a player giving resources to a player they promised them to previously would break two rules in the game. I could have some of same problems as allows players to bribe off the robber if players start trying to extort resources from each other.. It would be easy to abuse, and adds complexity in the game since you would have to track contracts. Players would have to be to surrender the resources promised when they generated them in order for this to work. I personally don't think the added complexity would make the game better. It would certainly deepen the trading aspect of the game though. For those not familiar with the topic of bribing off the robber, we discussed this previously in, Is bribing off the robber a good addition to Settlers of Catan? 
1700	boardgames	 For example, suppose I play a King's Court on a Lighthouse. Do I get +$3 now and +$3 next turn? +$3 now and +$1 next turn? 
1701	boardgames	 You get $3 now, and next turn as well. The Seaside rules contain this blurb on page 4 that clarifies most such situations: If you play or modify a Duration card with another card, that other card also stays in your play area until it is no longer doing anything. For example if you play Throne Room on Merchant Ship, both cards stay in play until the Clean-up phase of your next turn. The Throne Room stays in play to remind you that you are getting the effect of Merchant Ship twice on that next turn. There are some individual exceptions for some of the more unusual effects. Throne Room can't overcome Outpost's clause, and you can't Throne Room a Tactician: Because you must discard at least one card in order to gain the bonuses from Tactician, it is not possible to Throne Room a Tactician to get + 10 cards, +2 Buys, and + 2 Actions. So, bottom line, most Duration effects are simply doubled, but any time a combination with Throne Room starts getting confusing, it's best to check the rulebook - these situations are usually explicitly addressed. 
1702	boardgames	 For two players, we have played Dominion - with and without an expansion. We have also played some of the Gipf project games, although they are only two player and both people will need to stay focused to finish the game. Short setup time and quick teardown mean most of the time can be spent playing. Other options are more "traditional" games - I saw Euchre recommended. Shanghai/Hollywood rummy (or any of the rummies) can be played usually in under an hour, and because they have "hands", you can play over a few days if necessary. Also, since it is just shuffling to setup, it is a quick setup. :) 
1703	boardgames	 Magic: The Gathering My co-workers and I regularly play Magic over our lunch break. Setup time is minimal, and the game scales well from 2-6 players. With 4-6 players, we often have time for two games; with 2-3 players, three or four games. Having 10 people play at once might make the game run too long, though. In that case, I'd recommend splitting everyone up into two groups of 5. 
1704	boardgames	 Word games would be great for this, especially Bananagrams and Boggle . You can play against yourself to improve your fastest time in Bananagrams or your highest score in Boggle. 
1705	boardgames	 A reasonable empirical measure of luck is the probability that the best player can beat a good player in a given game. So if you can get data about a large player population (I have done this with Race for the Galaxy ), you can get an implicit measure by looking at the Elo rating difference at various skill percentiles. On the other hand, this only tells you about the amount of luck in the game as a whole, not in a particular game. 
1706	boardgames	 I've played one game of Small World. I thoroughly enjoyed it, despite losing badly. For one, I had no game plan, and was sort of just trying things randomly. Is there an effective, yet basic, strategy I can use next time to at least play with a sense of purpose? At the risk of asking too many questions at once... Should I always spend coins to get a race with more troops? How do I know when to decline an active race? Is there a good VP target to earn per turn? 
1707	boardgames	 Should I always spend coins to get a race with more troops? No. Those are victory points! Spend them wisely and be eager to grab VPs that other folks put down. Most race/power tokens can be useful if used correctly. Just figure out how you get extra VPs with the combo and keep focused on that. How do I know when to decline an active race? The easiest way to know is when your previously declined race has been wiped out or has been reduced to 1-2 territories that look like they won't last long. I believe that you need to earn VPs from declined empires as often as you can. It is better to decline too early, than too late. Is there a good VP target to earn per turn? 1 more than everyone else? :) Sorry, I can't give a definitive answer here as most of my Small World experience actually comes from the game's predecessor Vinci . Always try to get a few VP's per turn, this fits with my "Decline early and often" strategy. Then make the most of your big turns. Know who is your competition at any point and be sure to take a territory or two from them each turn if at all possible. 
1708	boardgames	 These are just some general suggestions: Go for numbers early. When the map is still mostly empty, it seems like quantity of troops is slightly more valuable than quality. I'm willing to give up a coin or two on the first round to get a few more troops. Don't be afraid to abandon all regions and relocate all your troops. Sometimes this is a very good thing to do. Try to place troops on mountains before declining. They'll hold out a little longer there. Decline early to get two races working for you. So a simple strategy that may work reasonably well is to start with a race that has a high number of troops, deploy those into as many mountainous regions as possible, and then decline on turn two. So on turn three you will already have two races working for you. I'm not saying it's a great strategy, but it's not a bad place to start. Beyond that you need to play off the powers you have. The powers and races you get make a big difference in what would be a good strategy and what would be a bad one. 
1709	boardgames	 Al Cabohne (a Bohnanza-spin-off) has a single player option. In that case you draw random cards for your opponents (the bean mafia). Works quite well in my opinion. Other than that I know some riddle-games, there you solve crimes or similar things. You given some hints and place markers on the grid to represent encounters. That's more like a puzzle than a game though. 
1710	boardgames	 Trading is in my opinion often an overlooked aspect of rules for board games. The lack of such rules often results in players modifying or making up these rules themselves. While making up the rules can be part of the fun I was wondering if you know of any games that already have good such rules/mechanisms? Any examples of games that make trading and the interaction between multiple players when doing so an interesting part of the gameplay would be appreciated. 
1711	boardgames	 One thing I'm discovering about Small World (especially in games with smaller number of players) is that it's not inherently balanced - your opponents can easily snap up amazing race/ability combos for cheap, leaving you with much less attractive options, just by random virtue of the seating order. As such, you simply have to play a competitive game. Don't just look at your race/ability combo in isolation: look at it also in terms of how much it can do to hamper the efforts of the player currently winning the game (or the player most likely to stop you from winning). Barring special circumstances, you will generally have two races on the go at once: one Declined race in as defensible a position as possible, and one Active race doing things. The Active race has a lot of work to do: it needs to take lots of territory (to get points here and now); take defensible territory (to keep getting points while in decline); and also, crucially, mess with the opponents: oust them from defensible areas and force them to go into Decline at points that are disadvantageous to them. In short, I'd agree with everything the other answers have said about this being a game about adapting to circumstances - Small World is nothing if not a game of taking advantage of opportunities as they arise - but I'd add that it's not a game you can play without reference to how well the other players are doing. If they have some good race/power combos going, then grab an aggressive race, get in there and do them over, as quickly as possible! Defensive powers and play is all very well, but save it for when you're obviously in the lead... 
1712	boardgames	 Khet It's for two players only, but most games only take 30 mins or so and the rules can easily be picked up in 5 minutes. 
1713	boardgames	 If you have a lot of Expands, it can be good to distribute them evenly in your deck so that you guarantee each hand has at least one 5-cost card you can turn into a Province. Granted, this is a pretty rare case. 
1714	boardgames	 Container One of my favourite trading type games is Container. The idea of container is that a person has a number of elements to their island. A group of factories A group of warehouses A Port The interesting mechanic of this game is that a player must produce items in their factory and sell them to an opposing player. They CANNOT sell to their own warehouses. The opposing player then stores those goods in their warehouses. An opposing player can then visit the port to purchase the goods from the warehouse, to then ship to "the island" in their container ship. A player CANNOT visit their own port to purchase goods. A player must set their own prices for goods in the factory and goods in the warehouse. When the player ships to the island, a blind auction takes place to see who purchases the goods. A player can choose to purchase them for themselves for the maximum bid, or choose to take the max bid in cash, plus a matched amount from the bank. Each good is worth more at the end of the game to different players based on a random card drawn at the start, which makes the bidding process very important. I love this game because you need to work with other players to beat them, its an odd feeling to sell cheap, so that you can buy back your own goods, but you are all competing in a real market situation with each other. 
1715	boardgames	 The Dominion Strategy Blog has a nice post about leveraging Chancellor and Stash together. 
1716	boardgames	 It's not exactly what I'm looking for (I was preferring some sort of spreadsheet or document), but a software program called Card Vault (which allows you to create deck lists for games) has a Shadowrun module which can be downloaded here . The program allows you to download small images of the cards, and has spoilers for the core set, 2nd print, Underworld expansion, plus promos. I've seen a few typos, and some incorrect rarities, but the overall it's pretty solid. I might make an Excel spreadsheet and/or XML and/or Word document spoiler based on this, and if I do, I'll update the answer here with a link here. 
1717	boardgames	 Settlers of Catan is a classic game with trading elements. Each player needs to build roads and buildings with various resources (wheat, clay, ore, sheep, wood), but most players will have scarcity in one or more of the resources needed; thus, they must trade resources with other players to be able to complete purchases. The key is that you need all of the resources, at some points, to win the game. There is no strategy where you can get by on just three or four of the five, so you must trade often to win. Often times you will see resources traded at uneven ratios. A few groups add more advanced sorts of trading, such as futures, but those are not allowed in the basic rules. 
1718	boardgames	 A common contract for those I play with is what instigated my question about Bribing Off the Robber (noted by ICodeForCoffee). This is similar to your Not-Hit contract, but with more immediacy. It sounds like all of your contracts are futures tradings. Our play would be loose enough to allow for such a thing and also has the keep a contract virtue, but I'm not sure we would be willing to risk future cards. It would be interesting to see what happens if this were set up explicitly at the start of a game. 
1719	boardgames	 I would like to play against other people. Can't seem to find any sites. 
1720	boardgames	 Yahoo! Games has Hearts. Actually I originally signed up for a Yahoo account so I could play Hearts. 
1721	boardgames	 Twilight Imperium has an interesting trade mechanic: Each player has two 'trade contract' cards (varying from 1-3 in value). When a trade phase happens (which in TI3 is a player decision) you gain goods equal to the value of other players' contract cards you're holding. Then you can trade your contracts to other players. (This sequence means you don't start to profit until the turn after you made the trade.) Not all races have equal contracts - trade-oriented races might have a 2 and a 3, while warlike ones have two 1s - so bargaining power is uneven. But as an alternative to hosting a trade phase, a player can take the 'trade phase' order and use it to cancel all existing contracts... and a player who is the only one not profiting from trade will be tempted to do so, setting all the traders back by two turns while they reestablish profitable deals. Contracts can be broken unilaterally at pretty much any time. Going to war automatically breaks them. So good trade deals can discourage conquest. It's a nice interaction. 
1722	boardgames	 I used to play mostly Bridge and occasionally Hearts on pogo.com . Again it's a site that's been around for many years, though! 
1723	boardgames	 I used to enjoy The Queen's Necklace BGG . It provides an interesting and variable play experience in about 45 minutes. You can play it online to try it out, too. Check the Days of Wonder site. I think there's a link from the BGG page. 
1724	boardgames	 In general... The number of troops is really important. Until the endgame, don't fret too much about how many coins you're spending. You should have have 2-3 races over the course of the game. Target 8-11 points per turn once things get going. Overextending yourself is dangerous. Dwarves deserve special mention: they are terrible. Your first race should try to spread to mountains, say 3 mountains and 1-2 non-mountains, then go into decline. A bit on mountains: Mountains are valuable for in-decline races because they make it much less desirable for someone else to interfere. For example, if an opponent has 4 troops to spare and already has a race in decline, she's better-off conquering 2 open non-mountain regions than conquering your single mountain region, even if you're winning. She closes the gap with you by 2 territories either way, but she gets more coins versus her peers if she leaves you alone. 
1725	boardgames	 When I was in university we played many, many games using such contracts. We didn't use markers for the contracts except in a few extremely complicated cases, and we probably contracted just about everything, including robber placement, futures markets, and building patterns, e.g. "I'll give you a wheat to not put the robber on me." "Oh yeah, I'll give you a wheat and a wood to put it on him!", etc. "I'll build my settlement here (leaving you the third space on this lucrative tile), if you don't cut off my road over there." When we played with Cities and Knights, lots of resources got tossed around by people try to cause or avoid the barbarian invasion. We did retain the rule you could only trade on your turn, so you had to wait for either person's turn to finish the contract. We also, rarely, reneged on contracts. The most common reason for reneging was that you could win that turn if you didn't honor it. 
1726	boardgames	 I have both standard Catan and Catan Seafarer, thinking about buying the player extension to expand both games to 5-6 players. If I only buy the Seafarer's player extension, can I also use it onto my standard Catan to play with 5-6 players? Or do I have to buy the 5-6 player extension for each game? 
1727	boardgames	 You need both player extensions in order to play with 5-6 players on Seafarers. The Seafarers 5-6 player extension doesn't contain the pieces needed for the extra players. You'll need the frame pieces, extra titles, houses, roads and cities from the regular Catan 5-6 player extension in order to play Seafarers with 5-6 people. 
1728	boardgames	 I would recommend buying a second copy of Pandemic and just playing seperate 3-player games. 
1729	boardgames	 Back to the root of your question, one way I've found to diminish the role of luck in Carcassonne is to have all players draw a "hand" of tiles (3 to 5 seems to work well), and then on each turn you draw a tile and then play any tile from your hand. When there are no more tiles to draw at the end of the game, you just play one of the tiles from your hand until everyone has played all of their tiles. Luck will still play a part, but this gives the players a little more control over which tile they play at a given time. Some other variants that affect the luck factor in Carcassonne are to deal out all of the tiles at the beginning of the game, play with the remaining tiles face up so you can choose exactly the tile you want as long as it's still available, or begin the game with a "draft" where you pick the tiles you want to have during the game. 
1730	boardgames	 In the game there are several harbors. Each harbor sells one of seven goods. And each harbor can buy 2, 4 or 6 goods (as long as there are no duplicates and they won't buy their own goods). The sold goods stay there until the end of the game. So goods can become rare quickly. And ironically, the easy goods are depleted first. So you need to focus on them first. Because you need them all to fill the 6 point harbors (not surprisingly the home harbors). But that does not mean you can mostly ignore the rare goods. Because if your opponent has a monopoly in one good he can determine the price, and that can seriously cripple you. I reccommend to: send ships out with 2 or 3 goods to get the most common goods to fill your home harbor. buy new ships as soon as possible (need some goods in a harbor so think ahead). try to control at least 1 of the rare goods so you can negotiate prices with other owners. in the end game, send some ships with 5 people around. To capture ships carrying the last goods and capture as many filled harbors (because they give you points in the end). 
1731	boardgames	 It might be too simple for an experienced group, but Apples to Apples is great for lunch breaks, particularly as you can add / remove people as needed. It's dead simple, so it's easy to get new people involved, and the only real requirement is to have ~4 people. I've played it with groups as large as 9 before ... 10 shouldn't be a problem. The only problem I've run into with the games is that at my current place of work, there's a fair number of people who didn't grow up in the U.S. and aren't native english speakers, so some of the cultural references (mostly people) are difficult for them. 
1732	boardgames	 Treehouse - quick, pretty much as many players as you want, setup is easy, take down is easy. Not presently available from the manufacturer (Looney Labs) because they are changing their packaging, but you can probably still find sets in local game stores, or wait a bit for their new packaging. 
1733	boardgames	 If we go with the 'lunch' theme, although it only scales to 8 people with the expansion pack is the card game Lunch Money . 
1735	boardgames	 Genoa , or as it was originally published, Traders of Genoa. Here's a game where just about everything that anyone does involves making a deal with another player. And everything in the game short of future promises can be part of the deal - wares, small orders, large orders, privileges, messages, extra-move tiles, everything. It's a little daunting at first, because you don't always know how much everything's going to be worth at the end of the game and it's hard to cut tougher deals with the person in first place when you don't know who it is. This is by far the best negotiation game I've ever played, much better than Chinatown or Who's The Boss? 
1736	boardgames	 I always like that the rules for Civilization seemed to encourage bluffing when trading -- you had to give them the number of cards you said you were going to, but you didn't have to be 100% truthful about what you were giving the other party. (or maybe that was just the way our group played ... I don't have a copy, so can't verify the rules for trading) 
1737	boardgames	 sorry for the late answer. The following list might be useful to others: That's enough to give you study material for a life :) 
1738	boardgames	 Scenario setup: A player uses the Raider's Outpost by docking a 3-4-5 set of ships. Same player uses an Orbital Teleporter to move the 5 ship to another Orbital Facility. Do the 3 and 4 ships remain in the same position after the 5 is moved, or do they shift? What if the 3 or 4 were moved instead? A higher value set of ships is required to use the Raider's Outpost when it is occupied. If the 5 ship had not been teleported, a 4-5-6 set would be required. However since the 5 ship has been moved, it's not clear what is now required to use the Raider's Outpost. Since it only has the 3-4 ships remaining, is a 3-4-5 set sufficient? Or is it played as if the 5 ship were still there, meaning a 4-5-6 set is required? 
1739	boardgames	 I am working on some Terrain for Warmachine, and I am interested in making some water effects. What is a good way to go about doing that? I am planning on using Foam Core as the base of a lake, and some high-density insulation foam as the banks. What is a good thing to use for the water portion? I have heard that Woodland Scenics makes a product, but that is hardens as a Gel, and can be easily scarred from models. Are there other resins that are easy to work with? 
1740	boardgames	 Race For The Galaxy This is the default game for our group when under time constraints. It's very complex for it's play time (20-45) minutes, often making you feel like you've played a game twice its actual length. As such, it's also very rewarding. Plus, there are multiple expansions if you wish to explore the game further, and they still keep the play time to under an hour. The expansions also let the expand the number of players from 4 to eventually 6. Because of the simultaneous turn mechanic, the game time is not usually lengthened by adding more players. Just be warned that the first (learning) game will take much longer. Our first game almost 2 hours, the very next game was 20 minutes. 
1741	boardgames	 If I have Novice Gerard in my hand early in the game, and quickly learn that player A has one Templar Novice crossed off and player B has one Templor Novice crossed off, I know I can eliminate all three Templar Novices. ...However, if I learn early in the game that player A has one Templar Novice crossed off, and then learn 15 minutes later that player B also has one crossed off, I need to somehow deduce whether they have the same Novice eliminated, or two different ones. It would be helpful if I could look at my sheet and determine how old my previous clue was, and whether or not these players have had the chance to share this information with each other or not. (Obviously, this is a simplified example, but hopefully you get the point.) With a sheet covered in markings, it's easy to lose track of where and when I learned each piece of information, and this sometimes affects how I can interpret a new clue. How do you go about tracking whether a clue on your sheet is "stale" or "fresh"? 
1742	boardgames	 There seem to be a lot of options when it comes to card sleeves. What factors do I need to consider about different sizes, materials, and quality of sleeves when deciding which to purchase? How much larger should the sleeves be compared to the cards? What different materials are available, and how do they effect how well the cards are protected and shuffling? What sleeves seem to be the best quality? 
1743	boardgames	 I sleeve the cards for my Card Driven Wargames, but be aware they never fit in the box right after that, and shuffling is way different. 
1744	boardgames	 My teacher told me to learn hard to use weak opening, though it is risky. He said that most world best players use it. And he warned that it is often viewed as sort of "heresy" :) About British - he said that some of them use the following rule: open weak if non-vulnerable and strong if vulnerable. I think that strong NT opening is popular because it's not that risky. And I don't think it is purely American thing. 
1745	boardgames	 Paint the base blue/green etc for the base, and then use a two part epoxy resin like what is used for bar tops. If you want waves, let it dry for a little bit, and then tease up waves w/ a paintbrush w/ a little thinned white paint on it.. 
1746	boardgames	 The most important aspect of sleeves is of course size. If the sleeves are to small then obviously your cards won't fit. But the sleeves being to big can also have a number of negative consequences: sleeves can get in the way during suffling harder to nicely stack the cards Probably most common are the sizes for the dimensions used in trading card games but there's also an increasing selection for board and cardgames. Next on the list is thickness and rigidity. While thinner sleeves tend to be cheaper too they will also be a bit harder to shuffle and offer somewhat less protection. If you play on clean tables that's not an issue but rougher surfaces (i.e. outdoor) can wear through the thin sleeves faster. Finally there are many designs to choose from - especially among the more common sizes used for ccg's. Anything from a clear plastic on both sides, over single colored backs to elaborate patters and themes can be found. Sleeves with simple opaque backs are favored in tournaments because they make it harder to mark cards. As a small addition I'd like to point out that shuffling with sleeved cards can be very different from what you are used to. Stripping can be difficult because some sleeves tend to cling to each other. Standard riffle shuffle is also harder because the sleeves do not grant the same fine control over the cards. Probably the easiest way to shuffle is by separating the deck in two stacks and pushing the corner of one stack into the side of the other. If the sleeves are sufficiently rigid it will be very easy to slide them together producing the equivalent of an almost perfect riffle shuffle. 
1747	boardgames	 Pandemic varies vastly in difficulty depending on the number of players. Does anyone know of any custom rules that make it more even? 
1750	boardgames	 Allowing players to choose their roles, rather than having them assigned randomly, is one way to lower the difficulty. The players can choose roles that they prefer to work with and that have better synergy. 
1751	boardgames	 I feel like the biggest difference between the Base set and Intrigue is that Intrigue focuses a lot more on action combos instead of big money with action augmentation. In the Base game, action chaining is a great way to get the most out of your turn because it allows you to stack money and buys from action cards, as well as gets you a lot of draws to see a large percentage of your deck in a single turn. However, in Intrigue, although action chaining still works, a lot of times you're better off using specific card combos instead of just Village , Laboratory , Festival , Smithy , etc... For example, Scout by itself is an okay card, but when you use it with the Dual-Type cards ( Nobles , Harem , Great Hall ) it becomes a great card. The same goes for Scout + Wishing Well . Wishing Well is a shot in the dark usually, but if you use it in tandem with Scry cards (Scout or Secret Chamber ), it becomes a Laboratory that only costs 3 Treasure. Obviously there are a lot of other notable combos, and of course there are some usable combos in the Base set, but I feel that Intrigue really focused on using specific cards in tandem much more than the Base set did. 
1752	boardgames	 I'm a fan of the Scout combos: 
1753	boardgames	 Are there any games with depth similar to Dominion or Puerto Rico that can be played with standard 1 playing cards? More than 1 deck is fine. A good answer should have plentiful, diverse opportunities for strategy and analysis ; flexibility in number of players, friendliness to new players, lack of empty spaces during the game-play, and general intensity are all a plus. 1: 4 suits, 12 cards each 
1755	boardgames	 I generally enjoy trick-taking games as they involve a bit more strategy than "pick a card that's the same color". Examples include Hearts, Spades, Pinochle, Oh Hell, etc. The interesting elements to me are keeping track of what cards have been played, what order to play your cards in to achieve your goal, and trying to figure out your opponents' strategy. 
1756	boardgames	 Bridge. This lacks in flexibility in number of players, and friendliness to new players, but it has a lot of strategy once you get the hang of it. 
1757	boardgames	 I have a friend who loves this card. I know that every time it's on the table, he will load up on them, and chain long turns that take ages. It's even more powerful when Scout and/or Apothecary are available, too. Obviously, I should be able to defeat this strategy by 1) beating him to it (which winds up being more of a luck thing), or 2) augmenting it with a particular card he may not have noticed on the table. But to me, that makes all Alchemist games very monotonous. I realize that sometimes an Alchemist deck is just the best strategy, but I also know that this shouldn't always be the case. What are the weaknesses of this strategy? Are there sorts of cards I should look for to play an alternate strategy that can still win out over an Alchemist-heavy deck? 
1758	boardgames	 Possession is great for making Alchemist fizzle. Attacks like Militia, Goons or Torturer would also help significantly, as would anything that would help you cram Curses, Estates and Coppers into his deck. If he's managing to get five Alchemists going, Masquerade could be fun, although by that time it may be too late. 
1759	boardgames	 What happens when Golem fails to find two action card apart from other Golems? Your entire deck (minus your hand) is discarded. What happens when Golem finds one Counting House and nothing else? Every single Copper in your deck comes into your hand. Buy one Counting House, several Golems, and an extra Copper (or four, if you're going for Colonies), and you're guaranteed a Province every turn you have Golem and no Counting House in your hand. It gets boring after a bit, but, man, is this combination fun to pull on your friends once. 
1760	boardgames	 I've heard there are a lot of different trick-taking games out there, such as whist, bridge, euchre, pinochle, oh hell, hearts etc. I've heard a lot of good things about these games, but have very little experience. A few questions: What's the easiest way to learn one's first trick-taking game? What's a good trick-taking game to learn for someone who's never played one before? Which should beginners avoid? How easy are new trick-taking games to pick up after one has gotten a good foundation? 
1761	boardgames	 Hearts ...is the easiest with which I'm familiar. I like Spades better, but it's a bit more complicated. A quick search will reveal many, many sites that allow you to play Hearts online, and chances are good that your computer came with the game pre-installed, so you can play against a computer. I'd bet a six-year-old could learn it without too much struggle, and would be surprised if an eight-year-old couldn't. 
1762	boardgames	 I played a game of Carcassonne last night with some friends, using amongst other expansions, the river. Their "house rule" was that both the river Source and Lake tiles do NOT wrap around: on each tile there was a corner that they designated a boundary between one pasture and the next. I'm pretty sure that in my edition of the rules it specifies that these tiles DO wrap. But I'm not a rules lawyer, I'm perfectly happy to play a variant, as long as it's clearly stated from the outset! They had another rule for playing with the river, though, and in this case I realize I have no idea whether it's "official" or not: neither the Source or the Lake tiles counted as a "turn", so in both cases no meeple could be placed, and the player whose turn it was drew another tile. Does anyone know for sure whether the Source and Lake tiles "count" for the purposes of taking a turn? (I can't even remember whether the starting tile from the basic game "counts", right now...) 
1763	boardgames	 If you have three players, David Parlett's Ninety-Nine is a terrific trick-taking game with an elegant gimmick: the suits correspond to numbers, and you must declare how many tricks you intend to take each hand by secretly discarding three cards. This makes figuring out how to bid what you want to bid almost as hard a problem as figuring out what your bid should be and how to make it. Another unusual and ingenious game is Robert Abbott's Eleusis , one of the few real inductive-reasoning games. (Zendo, which borrows liberally from Eleusis, is another.) In this game, one player formulates a secret rule, and the other players ask questions, by playing cards, in order to determine what the rule is. It can be really, really hard - a fairly easy rule to guess is "red cards are only legal if played immediately after cards whose rank is even; black cards are only legal if played immediately after cards whose rank is odd." 
1764	boardgames	 Get polyurethane sleeves, not polypropylene. The former are firm, strong, and have sharp edges that make them easy to shuffle simply by pressing two piles of cards together at their edges. The latter are flimsy, floppy bags with cards inside them, and they're just as easy to manage as it sounds like they would be. The brand I've used the longest is Ultra Pro, which manufactures card sleeves with opaque solid-color backs that are appropriate for just about any game that doesn't require you to see the backs of your cards (and is handy for those unfortunate CCGs whose card backs have changed over the years). The only downsides to these are that they're not cheap, they tend to split with heavy usage over time (I can't tell if it's a function of age or not, though I bet it is), and every model I've seen has a little holographic dot on the front lower-left corner, which is less than ideal placement for games that use that space. 
1765	boardgames	 I have a friend who plays a lot of Euchre . He's a hard-core card player -- always has a deck in his pocket -- and this is his favorite game. I only played a few times with him, but it was lots of fun. There's a lot of strategy in trying to figure out which cards to play when, and in what order. You're playing with a teammate (across the table), so there's that aspect of the strategy too (since you can't really communicate with them without your opponents overhearing). He plays Sheepshead too (can't post the link 'cause I don't have enough reputation, it's on Wikipedia). I never played with him though, so I can't speak to it. I think it's similar to Euchre. 
1766	boardgames	 Lance is right on the starting tile -- according to the rules (emphasis mine): Remove the special starting tile from the game. Instead, begin the game by laying the spring that starts the river. Set aside the lake tile and shuffle the remaining 10 river tiles face down and draw from these before drawing from the tiles from the normal game. These tiles are played and followers may be played as in the normal game with one exception: a river tile may not be placed so that the river makes a "U" turn. Followers may not be placed on rivers. Once these 10 river tiles have been played, the next player plays the lake and then play continues with the normal tiles. In regards to the Source and Lake, we've always played that they connect in all directions. The following links seem to back this up: According to the PDF rules from ModernJive : The statement from Hans im Glück is "Officially, the farm goes around the spring. So it is a connected farm. I personally prefer to use it as a division, since otherwise, despite the river, there is still only one large farm." And then from Carcassonne Central is this (although the confirmation link in the thread is no longer valid): Yes, officially the farm does go around the spring. 
1767	boardgames	 If you're looking for speed and intensity, along with being beginner friendly, there are a lot of fast card games out there. Nertz allows for massive amounts of parallel play with each player playing from their own standard deck of cards and into the common area (easier if the cards have different backs). There are also dozens of variations of fast paced Uno type games that can be played with a regular deck of cards which are sped up by allowing for out of turn plays. Mao is an Uno variation where players are required to be silent during play, and the winner of each round creates a new unspoken rule which they can enforce by penalizing unwitting rule breakers with extra cards. A similar fast paced game is Egyptian Ratscrew , but elimination of players may not be as inclusive as desirable for a group. 
1768	boardgames	 Truco is very popular in Argentina, although it is played with a spanish deck. Playing 2 vs 2 or 3 vs 3 it is much better than 1 on 1. 
1769	boardgames	 I grew up playing Egyptian Ratscrew in high school, and I've never met a single person who didn't have a blast playing it. Fast paced, multi-player, and anyone can join or be eliminated, and even "respawn" by rejoining the game at random. excellent, exciting game :) 
1770	boardgames	 Card games with traditional decks of cards mostly fall into either trick-taking games (Whist-family games like Bridge, Pinochle, Euchre, Spades, or Hearts) and melding games (Rummy-family games like Gin, Go Fish, or Canasta). There are exceptions, but they are less well known and will likely not meet the accessibility criteria because of the learning curve. In general , from my experience trick taking games are quicker to learn and play faster, and strategy is largely confined to individual hands (although your success in each hand will affect how you play the next). The king of trick-taking games is Bridge, and for the devoted student will be very rewarding, but learning the subtleties of bidding and play can be daunting, and expert play requires a partner that you have practiced with. Spades is more approachable to the beginner, has a fair amount of team strategy, and as has been noted has the potentially thrilling and aggressive play. Melding games are equally varied in style, but in general tend "feel" longer and more strategic. My personal favorite is Canasta, popular enough in the 50s to challenge Bridge for the most popular four-handed game. Played with two decks of cards it has many strategic options around when to go out, what styles of melds to make, and taking the entire discard pile (risky, but potentially very lucrative!) On the other end of the spectrum is Cribbage, which is a fast-playing melding game which can be played either four- or (more commonly) two-handed. Not a lot of strategy across hands, and a fair amount of luck, but quick to learn and has some interesting strategic choices as well. Ultimately, you will not find games with traditional packs of cards to be as deeply strategic as a game like Dominion, simply because there is less variability in play, and early missteps are less likely to punish you in the end-game. If you want to find card-based games that are interesting yet approachable, I recommend looking at a number of custom card games such as Fluxx, Bottle Imp, Citadel, or Innovation (a new game for 2010 that's garnering a lot of praise). 
1771	boardgames	 My friends and I used to have a lot of fun playing Kimps on the bus - it is not a game of strategy, but of psychology. The rules are simple: You play in pairs of two (usually for four people). You each get four cards. Then the dealer throws four cards on the table, and everyone trades cards from their hand for ones on the table, trying to make four-of-a-kind. There are no turns - everyone just grabs whatever cards they want, as fast as they can. When everyone is done with the cards on the table, they get discarded and four more are placed down. When someone finally gets four-of-a-kind, they have to get their partner to say "Kimps!" (You are allowed to discuss signals ahead of time) . If you believe someone on the other team has four-of-a-kind, you need to say "Stop Kimps!" before that person's partner can say "Kimps." If someone says "Kimps" and their partner has a four-of-a-kind (or they say "Stop Kimps" and either of the opponents has four-of-a-kind), that team wins. If they're wrong, the other team wins. The psychology comes from: what cards did each person already pick up? Are they actually collecting those cards, or are they trying to trick me? How can I trick my opponents? If someone is doing something suspicious, do they have Kimps, or are they trying to fool me? You have to make this decision fast, because if you notice the signal, chances are their partner did too! 
1772	boardgames	 We play a lot of cheat . There's a fair amount of strategy that can go into it, but it's dead easy to learn. For 3-8 players. 
1773	boardgames	 You could for example always play with the same amount of pawns. If you have 3 players everyone gets a pawn for themself and you have to discuss what happens with the 4th. Considering there's already a lot of discussion on what to do with your own pawns it's not going to be much of a problem... 
1774	boardgames	 I'm planning on building a custom storage solution for my Dominion cards (to fit the expansions in the main box with the base set). For part of this, I will need to cut some tabs similar to the ones in this photo . What weight of paper should I look for? I assume the thicker the better, but if the best a store has is, say, 60# paper, should I hold out for something better at another place? Are there other issues to consider with this? 
1775	boardgames	 There is another trick-game which hasn't been mentioned which I find very satisfying from a strategic point of view. Briscola chiamata, a 5-player variant of briscola , has rules and a basic strategy easy enough to get started in 5 minutes, but the trump bidding makes the game unique, and the blind partnering mean you have to watch every move carefully, leaving no empty space and adding a “detective game”-like dimension. (you don't really need a 40-card deck: you can just take a standard deck and take out the 8s, 9s, and 10s). I know the 5 player requirement is a bit tough, but it's worth it! When I find myself with an odd number of friends (so we are 4 or 6 in total) I prefer instead to play Pinnacola. It is a rummy -derived game. You play it with two 52-cards decks, deal 13 cards to each player, then plays just like Rummy, with a number of differences: Teams of two, sitting alternating Your melds are separated from the other team's Sequences can 'loop', like this: JQKA23 You can pick up already played jokers by substituting the card they are acting as. The discard pile... is not a pile, but all the cards in it must be visible (they are put in a stripe). When you have to draw, you can draw a single card from the stock or pick up the last n cards provided you then play at least the nth. Scoring: 100 points if you got out. Count points for your melds, subtract points for what you were left with, according to this: 2-5: 5 points 6-10, J, Q, K: 10 points Aces: 15 points Jokers: 25 points 4-cards books doubles its value 6-cards (or longer) sequences without a joker in it doubles its value. If you manage to do a 13-card sequence (without jokers in it), it's called a Pinnacola, and you automatically won. And that's it. 
1776	boardgames	 In the short term, cards that make him discard cards are the best way to go. Minion is the best because it makes him discard all of them: Other cards that help in the short term: (sadly, Ghost Ship does not) In the long run, there are several strategies: If Embargo is in play, Embargo Alchemist early on. Destroy his cards using Saboteur or Swindler. Destroy or steal his money using Thief or Pirate Ship. Note: These two cards will also flip his top two cards even if they aren't money. Give him Curses, or use Ambassador to give him unhelpful cards. One last note: Each time he buys an Alchemist, he's buying another action card. If he's buying action cards, he's not buying money cards. As bad as it sounds, Alchemist-heavy can often be defeated by Big Money decks, even if they have 5 Alchemists in their hand (and thus essentially start with 10 cards). Also, make sure he isn't putting the Alchemists on top during turns he doesn't have a Potion in play. Edit: It's been a while, but one thing I noticed I forgot to mention when I answered this in 2010: Alchemist is only +1 Action, which means unless they have a +2 Action card somewhere, they only have one action at the end of the chain. 
1777	boardgames	 Whist, specifically, has always been my family's favorite. Definitely plenty of strategy, plus massive differences between 2-person, 3-person and 4-person whist. Highly recommended. The problem with most of the other games listed is either there isn't enough strategy or they just plain aren't fun. 
1778	boardgames	 My understanding is that the 3-4 ships remain where they are after the 5 ship is removed, whether by the teleporter, or getting zapped by the Orbital Laser artifact, or whatever. Then a 3-4-5 set of ships will be sufficient to occupy the Outpost again, as a 3-4-5 straight is higher than a 3-4. The same would apply if the 3 or the 4 ship was removed; 3-4-5 still beats 3-5 or 4-5. 
1779	boardgames	 Spades. I think Spades is the easiest starting point, because is (1) easy and (2) the point is winning tricks, making it more consistent with the logic of other games. IMHO, spades shares more in common with the other games. Hearts has the reverse logic -- you are generally trying to LOSE tricks, not win them. If you start with spades, you spend your time thinking about how to win tricks. That means you can switch to Eucre or Bridge or Pitch or whatever... Or you can learn hearts next. Spades to Bridge --&gt; play is the same; add "no trump" and dummy hand; bidding more complicated Spades to Euchr --&gt; drop a bunch of cards from the deck, etc... but still win tricks Spades to Pitch --&gt; multiple versions exist; typically a varient of spades Spades to Hearts --&gt; lose tricks, not win them Hearts to Bridge --&gt; more "moving parts" than "Spades to Bridge" In any case, once you know one trick taking game, it's somewhat trivial to learn the rules and basic play of one more. I'd recommend you avoid Bridge as a first game. The bidding is really complicated. You can start having fun and start feeling competent much faster. Pinochle is more complicated.... However, if you're only going to actually learn one game, I have to say that I find Hearts and Spades to be the most boring. What makes a game better for beginners makes it worse for experienced players. 
1780	boardgames	 I am no bridge historian, but wouldn't the underlying answer have to do with the underlying " path dependence ?" This is a standard: Most people in Britain use weak 1 NT, so people in Britain first learn weak 1 NT. Conversely, most people in the US use strong 1 NT, so most people in USA first learn strong 1 NT. The main idea of path dependence is that there doesn't have to be some grand "reason" that a standard develops. A standard would only get undermined if it was radically inferior (e.g., people that play one system win way more often, ceteris paribus) . I'd guess that Truscott's book has some story... which gave a kernel of advantage to each system in different countries... which led to a "lock in" of each standard in each country. It's not like the average player in the US plays often with people from Britain. And there's not this bias at the highest levels of bridge, right? 
1781	boardgames	 Throughout college, my friends and I loved playing this 5-player variant of Rook: 
1782	boardgames	 The time does depend on # of players, as turns are sequential, yet total rounds is fairly constant. I would say 30 minutes per player is a good average. The game will change significantly with # of players, as it makes use of several first-come mechanics (limited board resource slots) and, of course, the voting mechanic. 4-5 players will be the closest in game-play. 
1783	boardgames	 This happened in my gaming group as well, we fixed it simply by having a remedy 'timer' which is once you've been stuck for 3 turns, any GO card would suffice to move again. Likewise, if stopped for three turns, you could simply play mileage cards. The other variant we tried, which you might like is that remedy cards (and go cards) were played into a face-up draw stack, and instead of drawing normally, you could draw from any used card in the stack, so once someone had fixed their flat tire, anyone could spend the turn to draw the remedy the second time. 
1784	boardgames	 What I do in games such as these is to make use of the directions my opponents face. So, on the box for each monk, the player across from me will get the top-center of the box, while the player to my left gets the lower left of the box. My notes will go in the appropriate location of the box for each player. As for tracking the card movements, it's best to assume that knowledge is always shared, even if it wasn't, so the elimination note will pass from player A to player B anytime they exchange information. This allows you to ask questions that you're SURE will leas to new information (if the question is answered as you hope), instead of possibly redundant information. 
1785	boardgames	 The easiest is probably to play Oh Hell, with the ascending variation. Everyone is dealt 1 card, and the trump is turned up. Everyone decides if they're going to win that one trick or not. Get good at that first, and the other games become much easier. 
1786	boardgames	 The main consideration in my experience (many, many Magic cards) is that the thickness/weight of the paper doesn't matter as much as the stiffness and the smoothness of it. you'll want something that slides out easily, so the cards can be retrieved without losing the divider in the box. The stiffness is important because anything too flexible will tend to fray the tab portion. Since dominion is a standard card size, I'd highly suggest plastic dividers, which can be obtained for as little as $0.10 each at various stores. 
1790	boardgames	 I would suggest that if you wanted to do something simple to make the big meeple stand out, that doesn't cost a thing, juts make a house rule to play it on it's head or some other similarly different position. 
1791	boardgames	 There's a new game from a new company that might fit the bill, except it's only for 4 players. The game is called Launch Pad , and the company Stratus Games . Launch pad is a simple quick strategy game that involves building rockets, and preventing others from building them. It's a lot of fun. As for a game that would involve so many people, well, Bang is probably your best bet, and that's a really quick game. It works best with a lot of people, although it does have the disadvantage of having some people sit around with nothing to do for some time, as there are players eliminated early on in the game. 
1793	boardgames	 Actually, there has been official errata posted on this very question: Bumping Ships from The Raiders' Outpost A question has been raised about how the &quot;Bump Rule&quot; works for the Raiders' Outpost if one or more ships in the original run have been removed, either by the Plasma Cannon, the Orbital Teleporter, or by losing control of the Relic Ship. Does the new run have to be bigger than the original run or just bigger than the ship that are left over? Here is the text from the rulebook... Raiders’ Outpost You must dock a set of three sequentially numbered ships to use the Raiders’ Outpost. There are docking ports for one set of three ships. If the Raiders’ Outpost is occupied, you may dock a higher-value sequence here and move the original ships to the Maintenance Bay. While docked at the Raiders’ Outpost you may steal a total of four resources from any mix of players or one alien tech card of your choice from one player. If you steal an alien tech card that you already have, the stolen card is discarded immediately and you gain no benefit from doing so. Example : If a 1-2-3 is docked at the Raiders’ Outpost and the next player rolls a 2-3-4 then that player may remove the 1-2-3 and dock their 2-3-4 at the facility to conduct their own raid. If another player rolls a 3-4-5 or a 4-5-6 then they may remove the 2-3-4 and dock their own sequence and conduct their own raid. The addition of a second example should clear up this question. Example 2: RED has docked a 3-4-5 at the Raiders' Outpost. On his turn GREEN uses the Plasma Cannon to send the 5 back to the Maintenance Bay, leaving a 3 and 4 on the Raiders' Outpost. To dock a higher-value sequence at the Raiders' Outpost GREEN must use a run of three ships that totals more than the sum of the ships currently docked there. The remaining ships total 7 so GREEN may not dock a 1-2-3 since they only total 6. GREEN may dock a 2-3-4 (total 9), a 3-4-5 (total 12) or a 4-5-6 (total 15) to use the Raiders' Outpost. Errata can be found on BoardGameGeek . 
1794	boardgames	 Consider making the epidemic cards predictable. Space them out as stated in the rules, but always put them at the bottom of each pile. This keeps the fun of dealing with the challenge, while enhancing the requirement that players work together to handle what they know is coming. It does make it easier though, in general, due to this predictability. 
1795	boardgames	 We have started playing Carcassonne during our lunch breaks. Generally lasts about 40-50 minutes including set up and tear down. 
1800	boardgames	 What opening move should I prefer in Hansa Teutonica with 3, 4, or 5 players, and why? 
1801	boardgames	 As the first player in a 4 or 5 player game, I like to play a merchant (disk) and a trader (cube), one on each road into the action city. In the crowd I play with, these roads are highly contended, so I will likely have 3 additional pieces on the board before my next turn. This will leave me in good position to become the third player to get a third action, or perhaps the first to improve the movement or refresh skill, or to get the "remove 3 pieces" bonus marker. In short, I find it maximizes my flexibility while getting additional pieces onto the board. 
1802	boardgames	 I agree with Keith that Spades would give the best introduction to the genre as a whole. Hearts may be easy to learn, however it is counter intuitive compared to the rest of the games. I have not played bridge, so I can't speak to that, however from my experience a good progression would be: Spades - teaches bidding, fixed trump (always spades), and trick taking Euchre - teaches rotating trump (highest bidder decides) Pitch - teaches tricks with different values and selective trick taking Pinochle (the king of card games IMO) - teaches meld as well as expounding on all the rest As far as a good way to learn, either read the rules from a book or website to get the basics. Although, the best way is to have it explained to you and play with someone who knows how to play. A lot of these games are easier to learn by doing. 
1804	boardgames	 While contending for the action city is a classic opening move, it by no means is the only way to go. I recently won a 4 player game using the policy of non-competition, and worked on creating as big of a network as possible, as that has the most bonus. In fact, I only gained one additional action the whole game, which balanced out because I didn't waste all those actions contending for the action city. If you go first, then this question makes some sense, but if you're not first player, the correct opening move will depending both on the other players' actions and their play-style. 
1807	boardgames	 So where i work we are between 5 and 8 depending on the days to play every lunchtime for around 1h. For now my impression are (Roughly sorted from best to worse but including only the good ones) : Citadels It's one of the first game we played and still a hit in our group. There is a good level of strategy, medium amount of chance and great level of interaction between players. One of the problem we had was the total time of the game that could vary a lot if you have players taking a long time to choose a character (There is a lot of strategy in this choice as if you are too greedy and so predictible you will either end dead or without any gold). We solved it by imposing a fixed 45s time to select a character. The game need at least 5 players to begin being really fun. The Werewolves of Miller's Hollow Always a big hit, it's easy to play, need nearly nothing (The cards could be contained in a pocket) each round is fast and being dead is as fun as being alive as you could see how good liars the others are... There is a big amount of strategy, small amound of randomness and very hight amount of interaction between players. The only problem of this game is that the number of players required for it to be fun is 8 and it require a non playing game master so our group is not often big enough to play it. Kaker Laken Poker We play it nearly every day after another game when we have time. It's a pure bluff, small amount of randomness, small amount of strategy, good amount of player interaction game. It could be played in 10-15min without problems even with 7 players (Even if the box say 6 max) The rule that there is one losser and all the others win make it really interesting as every one try to attack the player that is losing, making him lose more xD Bang! One of the game we play the most even with it's problems as all players in our group like it and it became the default solution when game choice is too complex (due to one or two players refusing to play some other games this day) The game is fun with lot of interaction between players, lot of randomness, and a moderate amount of strategy. The big problem of bang is it's randomness making some games very fast (Sherif with 4 life points near billy the kid with 4 bangs in hand being against him) and others very long. Also one player could die really fast and watch the other continue to play for a long time, witch is not fun at all. Regarding the time to play on lunchtime you absolutely must get one of the extensions adding the one special rule per turn cards (Fistfull of cards or High Noon). As the number of extension cards is selected at start and the last one is fatal really fast for everyone it put an upper value to the number of turns possible. 8 cards for a 45min game with 6 players is a good bet for example. (6 players being one of the configuration that work the best) The link to boardgamegeek.com on the title point to the bullet that contain everything you may need. We currently played with only one green card authorized as otherwise it allow someone to protect himself too much and remove claus the saint from the game as it take too much time to play. Dixit Except for one of our player that doesn't have any immagination this game is really great and a lot of fun especially if you know the players you play with as you will tailor what you say for some of them to get the hint and others to miss it. Sometimes it work and sometimes you discover that everyone read the news yesterday and go your hint or that they all know the nearly unknow actor that you named... The game is fast enough to play on lunchtime (The number of points or number of turns to win could be chosen depending on available play time), the maximum number of players is 6 (Playing with 3 or 4 players could be done but it is really less interesting, it should be limited to 5 or 6 players). There is a small amount of randomness, moderate amount of reflection and no direct interaction between players outside of the narator/non-narator separation. The box is uselessly big but could be discarded as a simple paper or a white-board is better to count points anyway. Saboteur Fun, easy to play, pretty fast (as the array of cards is fixed, the time don't really depends on the number of player and stay around 20 minutes) playeable up to 10 players. It's a great game for lunchtime. The game have a high amount of randomness and player interaction and small amount of strategy for miners / great amount of strategy for saboteurs. We always play without a random amount of saboteurs as getting only one nearly assure that he will lose. Munchkin If the number of player is limited to 4 or 5 it could be played in 1h (more and it's too long) and the game is really fun with lot of interaction between players (Playing a +10 levels to a monster the other player used all it's bonus to be able to kill is allways so much fun) a good amount of randomness and a little bit of strategy. Some of our players don't like this game as the rules are not really well defined sometimes and lot of cards change them. It's also the only game where some editions explain that cheating is authorized (There is a rule for what happens to you if someone notice) and that if there is a debate the player owning the box decide the outcome :D Ivanhoe / Camelot The game is simple but there is finally a good amount of strategy as well as randomness and there are a moderate amount of player interactions. It's pretty fast so it could be played multiple times in one hour. The game is great at 4 players. Linq Good game of bluff and guess-who-i-am with a small amount of randomness, big amount of strategy and moderate amount of interaction between players. It could be played up to 8 players according to the box but more is ok. The rounds are very fast to play and you could do as many as you want. Games for two players follow we don't play them as often so i separate them. It's good to have them to be able to split the group. Gosu Basically an alternative to magic. Very strategic and interesting but should be limited to 2 players for lunchtime games as more players is too long, getting well over 1h. Mr. Jack Pocket Really great nearly pure reflection game for two players. The game is small to transport and could be played in 30min without problem (The time depends a lot on the reflection time of each player, as with chess a time limit for reflection is sometime usefull) 
1809	boardgames	 7 Wonders Though there's a bit of setup it's still reasonably quick, and you get a lot of meaty gameplay in 30-45 minutes. It's designed for 3-7 players and has a very solid 2-player variant included (2-player takes longer than 3-7, be forewarned). 
1810	boardgames	 There are two main advantages I see to the strong 1 NT: When your partner is very weak, the strong 1NT is far more likely to make (and far less likely to be doubled) than the weak 1NT. Though 15-17 is much rarer than 12-14, when it does occur it is very easy to put the contract in the right place with the strong hand as declarer . Hiding the partnership's strength makes defense more difficult. Against intermediate players, I suspect that the pre-emptive power of the weak 1NT gives it an edge (at least in America, where players have less experience against weak 1NT openers), but stronger players will be able to bid around the 1NT and accurately double for penalty more often. 
1811	boardgames	 Pick up the On the Brink BGG expansion. The forums at Boardgamegeek state that it definitely eases up the difficulty of the 4 and 5 player versions as well as providing more options. 
1812	boardgames	 Is there a version of the computer Scrabble game that uses the new dictionary (not really new anymore, came out in 2006)? I know about ISC , but we're looking for something that my technophobic mother-in-law can use to play against her computer. Any suggestions? 
1813	boardgames	 Somebody told me that he has an extension for Settlers of Catan that allows play with up to ten players. Who made it? Is it still sold? 
1814	boardgames	 There is a video of a 10 player game . I don't believe there is anything official, but as the video demonstrates, its just a matter of putting together a couple extra sets to get a playable 10 player game. I'd imagine the trading rounds would be a bit chaotic though! 
1815	boardgames	 We have played an 8 player game. We simply used two sets, making the board huge. We played with the expansion rules (IE special building phases) ~~edit~~ For pieces, we already had the 6 player expansion. For the additional 2 players, we used black and grey Lego pieces. 
1816	boardgames	 Easiest way to learn your first trick-taking game is to play a few open hands. Give a brief overview, then just deal out a hand face-up on the table. It matters to some extent what game you play, but more than that, just play several hands with everyone leaving their cards on the table. Each play, you explain both the rules and the reasoning behind plays. Once someone has a firm grasp of any trick-taking game, it is much easier to teach them another one, instead of starting from ground zero. In fact, every time I'm teaching someone a new-to-them card game, I always start by asking what other games they already know. I then use that game(s) as a starting point. 
1817	boardgames	 My coworkers and I would get great mileage off our Cribbage set during lunch breaks. An average game would last us 35 minutes or so. 
1824	boardgames	 In the ZMan version of Tales of Arabian Nights, you choose 20 points between Story and Destiny. I tend to do 10 of each or something similar. Is this the best strategy? Also, the game is very random, which I'm OK with, but are there any variants where there is some strategy or planning involved? Especially with some of the quests, it's like it doesn't really matter where you go on the board, just that you go somewhere. 
1825	boardgames	 I've pnly played the WEG version of this game once, so my memory is a bit foggy. It was an interesting concept, but we had one player who rolled so badly that she hardly got to do anything the whole game. The only strategy I tried to employ was try to make sure I had a chance for something interesting to happen every turn. I suppose you could invent your own variant where it's known ahead of time what will happen at each location instead of rolling for it. 
1828	boardgames	 I like to play Monopoly with this rule - properties automatically go up for auction when they are landed on. This speeds up the game considerably and adds an extra layer of strategy. 
1830	boardgames	 I play Dominion pretty regularly with one group of friends, but only occasionally with another group. This creates a pretty big experience gap between me and the second group, and I'm afraid they might lose interest in the game if I win the vast majority of the time. What are some successful handicapping methods you have tried? Something that still challenges me, but levels out the playing field a bit. 
1831	boardgames	 I don't know how much open information there is in Dominion, but one thing you could try is offering helpful suggestions to the other players mid-game. If someone makes an obviously inferior play, you could point it out and suggest something else. That's what our group does, especially when one person is introducing a new game. 
1832	boardgames	 Something that's very easy to do and explain is tweaking your starting deck: instead of 7/3 start with 6/4 or maybe 7/4. I haven't tried this so I can't say how big the handicap will be. Another thing you can try is simply skipping your first turn. This is probably a lighter handicap. Update: I don't know why it didn't occur to me earlier, but of course you can also start by adding one or two Curses in your deck. Or swapping Estates with Curses, to keep the deck size constant. 
1833	boardgames	 I played my first game of Agricola yesterday. Naturally, I'm left with a bunch of questions, but chief among them is: How do you pronounce the name of this game? Our group was split pretty evenly between "AG-ri-co-la" and "a-GREEK-o-la". Which side (or maybe neither!) is correct? 
1834	boardgames	 Among my group, we pronounce it "ah-greek-OH-la". Based on the fact that the designer is German, my so-so knowledge of German, and lack of facts that prove me wrong, I 'd say this is the "correct" pronounciation. Disclaimer: I 'm Greek. We pronounce things quite differently than Americans. 
1835	boardgames	 Upgrade is quite strong by itself for two reasons: You can use it to trash 0-cost cards that you no longer want in your deck (coppers and curses). Trashing curses is obvious, but regarding copper: do not underestimate the power of having a really small deck! You can use it to turn your Estates into Silver (always a good choice) or, even better, into a highly contested 3-cost card in a 3 or 4 player game (think Village in a pool where it is the only action-gaining card). These reasons are enough for Upgrade to be something you want to have in your deck, and not only in one copy. There are also, in my experience, two factors stemming from the kingdom card pool that "modify" Upgrade's usefulness: If the pool is very strongly combo-oriented (lots of cards with +actions and +cards plus cards with +gold and/or +buy), Upgrade may be too slow. For example, in a pool with Festival/Smithy/Village/Nobles/Throne Room I don't think you 'd have the time to do enough with Upgrade before combos start exploding left and right. If the pool has no +buy actions , Upgrade is stronger. It's the only way you will have to gain a second card in your turn. In this case, lots of Upgrades (3-4) can serve to turn your initial turn buys (2-4 cost) to 5-6 cost cards. And finally, don't forget that if you have too many Upgrades you can always use one to turn another into a Gold. 
1837	boardgames	 Along the same lines as giving yourself less starting resources, you could allow the other players to start with more... either silvers instead of coppers, or maybe 2 coppers and 2 silvers. 
1838	boardgames	 I learned ah-GREE-ko-lah in school, and Wiktionary seems to bear me out: according to this page , the (classical) pronunciation in IPA was /aˈɡri.ko.la/, and according to this table on wikipedia the quote precedes the stressed syllable. 
1839	boardgames	 Erik P's reference to Wiktionary is correct, but he is interpreting the IPA pronunciation incorrectly . is ah-GRIH-koh-lah . You can hear it pronounced by Merriam-Webster here . 
1840	boardgames	 If you want a more significant handicap: Every time you have to shuffle your deck, you could gain a Curse just prior to shuffling. This would provide a more continual handicap, rather than one you can just overcome in a few turns (like a weakened starting deck). 
1841	boardgames	 What are the differences? And do these differences influence strategy? 
1842	boardgames	 As an informal handicap, when I'm playing in a game like this I usually try to make myself take my 2nd strategy - instead of doing the most obvious thing on the board, I come up with something more oddball and see if I can make that work. Another thing that's not a huge handicap but can help is letting the less experienced players choose the 10 Kingdom cards, so they can pick things that fit into their own comfortable strategies. I use both these techniques when playing with my wife (she plays every few months while I play 3 times a week at lunch) and thought I still win a lot, she has more fun this way. 
1843	boardgames	 Newer or less strategic players tend to favor a higher luck to skill ratio in games. So, if your play group doesn't mind a house rule, you could across the board have everyone reshuffle their deck every turn. This changes the game, for sure, but it is fair. If you want to singly handicap yourself, you need to decide if it's going to be a one time handicap or ongoing. One-time: Tweak starting deck (less copper/replace VPs with curses) Skipping turns etc. On-going: Everything costs you 1 extra Per-turn action-limit Curse every-turn etc. 
1844	boardgames	 The aforementioned "gain a Curse on each shuffle" handicap is pretty harsh, and may not be appropriate for all card sets. It's conceptually interesting, though. Consider letting the other players get a number of extra turns at the start. That'll let them ramp up a little before you jump in. Alternately, give each other player a special "extra turn" token that lets them take an extra turn at the end of their normal turn. (Eh, actually, I don't like that idea as much, now that I've written it...) 
1845	boardgames	 A simple way to handicap yourself a bit might be to replace your initial estates w/ curses. Obviously this won't be a good handicap always (FREX if there is an Ambassador or Chapel in play), but if Upgrade, Remodel, Salvager or the like are in play it could give a pretty decent advantage to the new players. 
1846	boardgames	 First off, I'm assuming you're playing The Late Bronze Age version (which is far superior to the game as sold off-the shelf – It's very clear that The Late Bronze Age version of the game is what was originally presented to the publishers, and they felt the need to "simplify" it to reach a wider audience by removing several really nifty mechanics). Given that, Irrigation is the simplest first pick, although Leadership can be almost as good, if you're a little lucky and use it well. If you can leapfrog to Quarrying , that's a great start (it'll help you buy better advancements, and it combos very well with Engineering and Architecture later in the game). If you're playing with three or four players, get Medicine ASAP. It will save you at least 3 points in penalties. ...and that's my 2 cents. 
1847	boardgames	 Probably the easiest form of handicap would be to subtract a certain number of VP's from your score at the end of the game. That should allow of a pretty fine grained control over you handicap and you can still play exactly the same as you would in your other group. 
1848	boardgames	 This is a bit wacky but it struck me just now and I was quite tickled by it... you could handicap a good player in Dominion by ADDING estates to their deck; they would technically start off with more Victory Points, but their early draws would be terrible. The experienced players might want to compete over how many extra estates they could put in their deck and still survive, it'd take a brave player to add more than a few! 
1849	boardgames	 My wife and I play a lot of Ticket to Ride: Nordic Countries but recently we discovered we'd been playing Ferries incorrectly. Oops! A ferry is depicted on the board as, e.g., 4 red spaces and 2 more red spaces with locomotive motifs. We'd been playing under the assumption that, to claim this route, you needed to play exactly 4 red cards and 2 locomotives. It seems, though, that there are several fine points to the rules that we hadn't noticed. (a) You can always use any 3 cards in place of a locomotive. (b) You can always play an extra locomotive in place of a coloured card. So, for instance, you could buy the abovementioned red route with 3 red cards and 3 locomotives, 1 red card and 5 locomotives, or even 6 locomotives. You could also buy it with 4 red cards and 6 blue cards. Our big question arising from these revelations: do these rules stack? That is to say, can I buy this route with 3 red cards and 9 yellow cards? Eighteen assorted cards none of which are locomotives and reds? Tunnels I think - I hope - we've gotten pretty much correct. You state you're trying to build a tunnel of, for example, 3 green cards. You flip over a green card, a red card, and a locomotive from the deck. We've assumed that you can now build your tunnel by adding two cards in any combination of green or locomotive to the initial three greens (i.e., you don't have to match the quality of the cards you flipped, just the quantity). However, our confusion over ferries possibly creates a new question. If I had only 4 green cards (and no locos) in my hand... can I pay one extra green and three cards of any colour, in place of a locomotive to build my tunnel? I'm inclined to think not, but I just don't know for sure any more! 
1850	boardgames	 No , These rules do not stack. You can only in 3 cards to fill the designated locomotive spots. You can use locomotives to fill in the colored spots. You cannot use the first to get a locomotive and then trade that in for the colored card. This question was asked of designer Alan Moon, on BGG and his response was as I have given here. 
1851	boardgames	 So I think Pat has provided an authoritative answer (which I will no doubt end up accepting), but let me see if I can phrase the (clarified) rules succintly: If a route is marked with one or more locomotive symbols (i.e. it is a Ferry) then: Each space marked with a locomotive symbol can be paid for with a locomotive or any THREE other cards (regardless of the colour of the space). Each space not marked with a locomotive symbol can be paid for with a locomotive or a card of the colour of the route (if a grey route, then the colour chosen to pay for the route). If a route is marked as a tunnel then: Each space can be paid for with a locomotive or a card of the colour of the route. If a route is not marked as a tunnel then: Each space can be paid for ONLY with a card of the appropriate colour. In the unique case of the grey Murmansk-Lieksa route: Each space can be paid for with a card of the colour chosen to pay for the route, or any FOUR other cards. If anyone has all that clear in their head by the time they sit down to play their first game, they have better powers of rulebook comprehension than I do, that's all I can say! 
1852	boardgames	 When playing a series of games we use the following house rule: Starting w/ the whoever came in first each player picks a kingdom card to remove. Whoever came in last gets to pick 2. Then the last player divvies the randomizer deck up amongst the players, with each player getting an about equal portion of the randomizer deck to pick from, but the last place player getting two portions. Each person picks their randomizers and reveals them at the same time. Note that we keep the randomizer deck sorted approximately by cost of the cards from low to high. For example, we're playing a series of 3 player games. Al won, Bob came in second and Carl last. Al would pick a kingdom, then Bob , then Carl picks two. Those kingdoms are set aside (if we're using the Blackmarket a couple cards from each go into the Blackmarket deck) Carl decides he wants to pick from the expensive cards, and so takes the bottom half of the deck, Bob wants to pick from the cheap cards and takes the top quarter, leaving a quarter for Al to pick from. Once everyone has picked a card to add in ( Carl picking two) they reveal them. This means each game changes a little, but some of the previous stuff is still in play. 
1853	boardgames	 Pandemic is a great game with tremendously elegant mechanics. Matt Leacock did fantastic job of using the infection deck and the draw deck as sequencer/timers. This careful mechanical design is precisely what makes it difficult to expand the game to six players. ( thinks for a while ) Okay. Here's an idea that should let you play with as six players (and possibly more): • Assign roles to players at random. Deal out cards as if playing with five players. Also give each player an "action" token. • When it's your turn, you can spend your action token and take a turn, or pass. If you do not have an action token, you must pass. If you pass, your entire turn (including the infection phase) is skipped. • When no player has an action token, every player gets an action token. You might need to tweak the starting hand sizes, but this little hack just might suffice. 
1854	boardgames	 This isn't a huge handicap, but... Consider allowing them to always have a 5/2 split for money the first two turns, and you always have a 4/3 split the first two turns. Since the 5-cost cards all tend to be powerful, this gives them an advantage sometime during turns 3-5. One caveat: Don't do this during a game without 2-cost actions. 
1855	boardgames	 I got beaten to recommending 7 Wonders , which certainly fits your needs (7 players, ~40 minutes), so consider this a +1. If you like Dominion , consider AEG 's Thunderstone . Deck-building, with a dungeon-delving theme. Steve Jackson Games' Zombie Dice and Cthulhu Dice are decent for large groups. Of the two, I prefer Zombie Dice , as it has a bit more decision-making and agency. ...while we're on dice games, there's Roll Through The Ages It's only up to 4 players, but it plays in an hour or less and conveys an enjoyable civ-building experience. If you're okay with print-and play games, I made two that might fit the bill: Office Gossip ( ) is a Werewolf -style game that doesn't need a player to sit out and be the narrator – everyone gets to play. Uncontrolled Squid ( ) is a team-based contested bidding game – all you need are standard Poker decks (1 per four players). Edit: One more suggestion – Prolix from Z-Man Games is a word game for 1 to 5 players that plays quickly, is very portable, and is quite fun. The premise: Think of a word that uses as many of the (ten?) letters on the scoring board. 
1856	boardgames	 I spent 10 years posting one free print-and-play game each month. Many of these games used simple, commonly found components – like a standard Poker deck. Of those games, there are a few that may fit your needs: • Up 'N Over ( ): 2 to 5 players. Take turns playing to a stack in the center, trying to get the sum to 21 on your turn, or force the player to your left to go over 21. Royal cards are ), -2, or -4 points. Aces are 1 or 11. Has more strategy than you'll initially think. • Dungeon ( ): 2 to 4 players. Play cards in sequence to escape from a dungeon. Play cards on other players as monsters, or to cause cave-ins. • Uncontrolled Squid ( ): 2 to 8 (or more) players. Team-based bidding game. • Druid's Duel ( ): Bluffing / Strategy game for 2 to 4 players. Pick a form and a strategy, reveal your choices, and figure out what happens. I hope you find something you like! 
1857	boardgames	 Roll Through The Ages with The Late Bronze Age "expansion". It's a dice game that's quick to teach, quick to play, and has trading (which people often forget about, but it's really very useful!). Also consider Bohnanza (aka: That Bean Game). Quick to teach, plays fast, and it's all about trading. 
1858	boardgames	 Although this doesn't offer a magic solution to your problem, I'd like to share a coping strategy: I got "bushwhacked" by a few AP players at games I played at BGG Con in November. I was too tired to politely handle the situation by attempting to change the AP players' behavior, so I did what I could to make it easier for myself: I carefully analyzed the board, got out my notepad, wrote down my next move(s), then spent extra time having friendly conversation with unoccupied players, figuring out additional advance strategies, and jotting down assorted ideas in my notebook. I suppose my answer to your problem is (if you can't get the AP players to speed up, and you don't have enough game options that don't cause AP) to use the time to plot your next move, and spend the time chatting with the other players. After all, you're (ostensibly) friends, so you should have plenty of stuff to talk about. One other option: Set up a simple side-game, like Zombie Dice or M:tG , and play it while you're waiting. If you do this, I strongly recommend jotting down ideas for your next move so you don't end up slowing the main game down. 
1859	boardgames	 Roll Through The Ages (Both the basic version and the Late Bronze Age expansion). Quick to teach, quick to play, and many paths to victory. Granted that it may take a new player one game to really grok the options, but it plays quickly enough that it's not a big loss/investment of time. 
1860	boardgames	 If you're willing to print out and assemble a free print-and-play game, consider Space Monster ( ). Elevator pitch: Alien – The boardgame. Neat features: The alien's special powers, immunities, and weaknesses are different every game. Many player roles, so your "crew" is different every game. Modular board, so the space ship is different every time. The alien doesn't have hit points, but a health deck that controls how it reacts and behaves after it gets wounded. Can be played co-op, co-op with possible traitor, and one-vs-many. Takes 1 to 5 (6?) players. 
1861	boardgames	 7 Wonders : Easy to teach. Plays in 30 to 40 minutes. Has a fun civ-building theme. Simultaneous play. Some interaction with the players to your left and right. Completely fits the bill for what you're looking for. 
1862	boardgames	 It depends on your personal situation in the game. In some situations, both have no value at all. With my usual tactics, 3:1 ports are much more useful. 2:1 ports are better only when they are of a specific resource that I have too much of in a given game, which generally happens when I have several settlements on several hex of that resource with values between 5 and 9. The 2:1 port of the resources you lack is useless. Since the resources you get changes during later stages of the game, the 3:1 has the advantage of staying useful during all the game. Ideally, it's always better to not need a port. If you use your resources to build without exchanging, or exchanging with other player at 1:1, or getting 2 (or more) for 1. You don't need a port. You should also compare the opportunity to build of a port compared to the other building opportunities. When a good spot that gives three resources is available, your port will be a more valuable investment only if you desperately need to trade. When those places are gone and the only 3 resources spot are the ones with a 2 or 12, 2 resources and a port become one of the best places you can still build. The situation also changes when you build new settlements or cities. At some point in the game, you might need to trade a lot to establish a settlement providing the missing resource, and after building it, you don't need to trade anymore. If you lack wood or brick, a port is useful when your strategy is focused on new settlements, but it becomes useless when the good spots are all taken and you change your focus to cities and development cards. If you know that you will run out of available settlement spots (when there are still several turns to play), you should should consider a wood or brick port, since you will have to exchange those resources after you run out of settlement spots. (You can still compete for the longest road, but if you have it, you can't get anymore points by building more roads). 
1864	boardgames	 I recently experienced the problem mentioned here , with myself being one of the enthusiasts pushing other party members around. It wasn't intentional, it's just that the structure of the game lends itself to giving each other lots of advice. I'm interested in Arkham Horror, but want to know whether people have experienced the same problem with it. If you have experienced the problem, how? If not, and you think it's related to game mechanics, how so? 
1866	boardgames	 We play we an implicit rule of offer, counter offer, response. I suggest you discuss that rule with you players and you implicitly play it. The player who is playing his turn something like : I would like a wood, I can offer a sheep. The other players can accept, reject or making a counter offer. The player who is playing his turn something can accept a counter offer or make a final counter that the other player can just accept or reject. If the other player just reject the first player offer, its turn is over. Playing that way, people making extreme demand just get reject by everybody and their turn is very short. It force player to make reasonable offer at the start. I am not in favor of a time limit because it is hard to enforce. But it should be clear that if a person is not decide after around 5 seconds, we told her to decide now how or think to it while the other are playing. 
1871	boardgames	 That's just the nature of the beast, from what I have seen. I was frankly shocked that Arkham Horror got so many votes in that question -- there's no way in this lifetime or the next that my wife, any of her friends, or any of my friends' wives would play that game more than once, partly for the reason you've listed. I have found that Arkham Horror plays the best when everyone knows the game equally well, or very close to equal. It's hard to measure, but everyone at a minimum should understand all the core rules, and there's probably going to be one or two people who have memorized the contents of each deck, and have read up on strategies for certain characters to help with decision-making. For new players, I would do two things: Try to go over as many of the rules and concepts as possible before starting. I know that's a lot to ask, but if people don't understand the overall goal, the game can be extremely intimidating. Try to explain what's in each deck so people have an idea of where to go for things. Ask new players up front if they want to be coached and advised, or if they want to just feel things out for themselves. Some people take advise better than others, and some just want to learn by doing. The first time I ever played, we played a six player game where only one of the guys had played with any regularity, so he acted as the GM for the session (managing the state of the game, reading the cards, moving monsters, enforcing rules, etc.). However, the rules weren't thoroughly explained beforehand, so we just stumbled around the first four or five turns trying to figure out what to do. I would have loved to have been given advice instead of stupidly stumbling through a portal with no way of closing it after returning. The whole "what the heck are we even trying to do here?" feeling from just stumbling around left a bad impression on me about the game for a long time afterwards. We ended up sending out a PDF copy of the rules to everyone to read as "homework" so we could be better prepared next time we played. 
1872	boardgames	 In the vein of Apples To Apples , I strongly endorse Time's Up! . Why? Because Time's Up! does a great job of binding old friends and new acquaintances together in the rapid creation of group-specific ideocultural language and in-jokes. Being less esoteric: It's a great team game with no down-time for any player on any team. This it true because you need to pay careful attention to what the other teams are doing on their turns because every team uses the same stack of cards as clue cards – the clues that one team uses on a card that they don't guess correctly may be just the clue you need to successfully recognize the same card later on in the game. Note: Time's Up! has a heavy charades component to it, so if your group doesn't like charades, stay away from it. 
1873	boardgames	 I'm a fan of Ogre Cave . They're good, down-to earth guys with an active community of commenters. There's RPG stuff there too, but there's plenty of boardgame reviews too. 
1875	boardgames	 The benefit of development card are constant during the game, the benefit of cities and colonies diminish each turn. Generally, I tend to favor more colonies in the beginning of the game and cities in the middle and development card at the end. Of course, depending of which number are played. If you use your resources for many development card at the beginning, your colonies will probably be in least interesting place that if you have build them at the beginning. Other players will take the best spots. That being said, when the dice give you what you need for a development card and you don't have the possibility to trade to be able to build a colony, you are generally better to take the card. But in the beginning, trade focusing on colonies. There is a special case, when the wood or brick all have extreme number (2,3, 11 or 12), it will be hard for all player to get road and colonies. Investing early in several development cards can give you quick start. Also, when you have a stop that attract the robber. Getting a few card to have a reserve of knight can be a good thing. Then you let people know that whoever steal who will get the robber back on their best spot next turn. And you do it. I you successfully deter some player to rob you, it is a worthy investment. 
1876	boardgames	 If I were to choose a handcap, I believe I would either add or replace existing cards in my starting deck with curse cards. This would be a handicap in both total victory points and in unusable cards in your deck. 
1877	boardgames	 I've successfully played Arkham Horror several times with non-gamers (and myself being the kind who tends to push others around). My tips: Think of yourself as the GM. You'll be the one who keeps the game moving, and your primary job is making sure everyone is having fun. As much as possible, give your character the supporting jobs and let them play the game. Simplify the game for them by focusing on the concepts, not the rules. My super-simple explanation of the game to get someone started: We win the game by sealing gates. You need 5 clue tokens to seal a gate, but sealing a gate is dangerous so make sure you're ready. You'll need 4+ stamina/sanity, and a weapon or two. You can get weapons in a bunch of ways, but the easiest way is to go get some cash. Yes, this is a gross over-simplification, but it gives them a roadmap for their character and a sense of progression, instead of random wandering around. Let them play selfishly, even if it's not an optimal strategy. Nothing ruins a new player's fun like having to give up a Tommy Gun because someone else could use it more effectively. Each turn, they should have something to do to try and make their character more awesome: get an item, get a monster or gate trophy so they can trade it in, etc. Give options, not orders: "You could go to the Newspaper and try to get some money, or you could go kill this monster, or go over here and help someone else" etc. If they make what seems like a bad choice, oh well, the game can still be fun even if you lose. Don't be afraid to bend the rules in the first game. An early monster or rumor draw can really make a game impossible. I'll often quietly redraw in those cases if I'm playing with inexperienced players to give them a chance. Overall, Arkham has been a great cooperative game for everyone I've played it with. 
1878	boardgames	 Something that might work: Limited permission to trade. Consider this... Every player starts the game with a "merchant" token. If you want to initiate a trade (ex: "I'm looking for ore or wood. I'm offering sheep and grain."), you have to spend your merchant token. If you don't have a merchant token, you can't initiate a trade, but you can still offer responses to a trade request. If all players but one are out of merchant tokens at the end of any player's turn, all players get a merchant token. The idea here is that the ability to initiate a trade becomes rare and valuable. This makes players who futz around with ridiculous (and time-consuming) offers less likely to initiate a trade when they're not desperate, and makes them less desirable to negotiate with when you're the one who initiated the trade. It also prevents them from attempting to trade every turn, since they can only initiate a trade if they have a merchant token. I hope this helps! 
1879	boardgames	 Perhaps Monopoly Express ? It's got the Monopoly theme, but it's a dice game that takes about 25 minutes to play. In that vein, Risk Express is actually quite fun (but hard to find in the USA). It's another dice game version of a Hasbro board game that keeps the flavor, but plays quickly. 
1880	boardgames	 I've designed and released two free print-and-play games that have traitor mechanics: Haunted Destinies : All players start as amnesiacs (Each player has a small set of face-down Psyche cards that you're not allowed to look at.). The goal is to figure out who The Opener is and prevent that player from killing all of the other players. If you realize that you're The Opener, your goal is to kill all of the other players. If you die, and you're not The Opener, you become a Ghost. Special "Haunting" cards come up during play that give the Ghosts special victory conditions. There's also a novel mechanic that lets you "steal" destinies from other players, so it's possible to steal The Opener role from a player and take it for yourself. Space Monster : Playable as pure co-op, one-vs-many, or with an "up for grabs" traitor. The plot of Space Monster parallels the movie Alien – Figure out the space monster's weaknesses and kill it before it eats all of you. The "up for grabs" traitor mechanic comes into play with the escape pod. There's one escape pod, with enough room for one person. If you think that the monster will win, you can bail and leave in the escape pod. If you do this, and the monster wins, you win instead. With this set-up, any player can become a "traitor." 
1881	boardgames	 An assortment of advice: Don't forget the Board Game Designers Forum . Attend Protospiel , or Protospiel South , or Protospiel North or West. Play lots of games, and a wide variety of games, both modern and classic. Start designing games, taking them all the way from concept to completion. Do it over and over again. I designed and released one free print-and-play game each month at Invisible City Productions . I did this from January 2000 to December 2010. The first seven games were pretty hard, but it got easier after that. Learn how to playtest your games, and how to integrate feedback into your designs. Attend the GAMA Trade Show . Talk to publishers - especially smaller ones. Take them out to dinner and ask them about the industry. Brush up on your math – especially probability and statistics. Learn how to mathematically model dice pools, bags of beads, and decks of cards. 
1882	boardgames	 Generally, you should go for the colonies. However, you have more option if you still get all resources, just trying to have more frequent number for wood and brick. The good colonies spot may be gone fast. If you first upgrade your city, they might not be there. Also, more colonies can bring complementary resources when cities when only gave you what you already have. There is a special case, when the wood or brick all have extreme number (2,3, 11 or 12), it will be hard for all player to get road and colonies. In that case, you should first invest in development cards, which will allow you to get an edge in development. 
1885	boardgames	 @invisiblejon - The Late Bronze Age was developed months after the game as sold in the box. I added some additional developments for those gamers looking for something meatier. (The publisher didn't water anything down.) ...and I like Irrigation as a first purchase too! 
1886	boardgames	 I'm new to this game, but I recently hosted a play with friends. With 8 people the game was very slow and difficult to play. What would you recommend to make the game a little more dynamic and fun when played with more than 5 players? One particular thing that a friend of mine recommended is not reading the encounter cards directly, but rather ask someone else to read the card for you, and ask them not to tell you what happens if you fail/pass the check until you've made it. Do you have any other suggestions? 
1893	boardgames	 Board Games with Scott is an excellent review site that provides video reviews of games and attempts to describe whether the game in question is a good match for the type of game you'd like to own. There are quite a few reviews available, but he isn't necessarily going to cover every single game on the market. Scott has been reviewing fewer games lately, but the reviews that continue to come out are always of very high quality. 
1896	boardgames	 I write for MTV Geek, Wired GeekDad, and The Geek Collective. None of the sites are as comprehensive as BGG (in fact, all of my reviews are cross-posted to their linked items list). You cannot go wrong with BGG but if you really do want other sites, those are great places to check out! MTV Geek The Geek Collective Wired GeekDad 
1897	boardgames	 If you're still interested in vacuum-forming, Make magazine (by O'Riley Press) had an article on how to make your own vacuum-former in issue 11. I followed their instructions and made one so I could quickly duplicate parts for a board game prototype I'm making. An important note: You'll want to find a (local) source for sheets of .03" or .02" Styrene if you're going to do vacuum-forming. Another route: I'm not sure how pricey the foam people are suggesting is. If it's fairly expensive, consider making your own custom holders with Crayola's Model Magic. It's a foamy clay-like substance that's lightweight, easy to sculpt, and hardens fairly quickly when exposed to air. I can easily imagine taking a hunk of it and modeling custom inserts for a game box. Incidentally, the solution I chose when I had lots of bits rattling around in my copy of Terra Prime (which is a darn fun game, BTW), was to purchase a bunch of little snap-top craft boxes - like you'd store pins &amp; needles, or buttons in - from a craft store. Each token has its own box, and each player piece color has its own box, along with the tokens and chips you're supposed to start with. Stuff still shifts around in the box, but not as much since it's all in larger boxes, and it all stays organized anyway. On top of that, setup is much faster since players already have their starting tokens in their piece box. 
1900	boardgames	 When I play on the difficult evenings at my local club (North-east of England), many of the players use a "mini" no-trump, opening 1NT on 10-12 (not vulnerable) and 12-14 (vulnerable). Try as I might this is rather a difficult system to overcome. 
1901	boardgames	 Facebook Scrabble uses the new dictionary. This can also be played via your iPhone (connects to the same same servers, so players on different platforms may play). The iPhone version has single-player. Quadplex is another site that hosts Scrabble. 
1903	boardgames	 In an EDH (Commander) game recently, Alice used Thada Adel, Acquisitor to steal an artifact out of Bob's deck, the Elixir of Immortality , and cast it. That artifact's ability says: {2}, {T}: You gain 5 life. Shuffle Elixir of Immortality and your graveyard into your library. When Alice uses that ability, what happens to the artifact? Does it go into Bob's graveyard or get shuffled into Alice's library? Does Alice still even shuffle her graveyard into her library and gain 5 life? 
1904	boardgames	 It goes into Bob's library (the owner of the card). From the Comprehensive Rules : 400.3. If an object would go to any library, graveyard, or hand other than its owner’s, it goes to its owner’s corresponding zone. There is also specific errata on the Elixir Elixir of Immortality - {1} Artifact {2}, {T}: You gain 5 life. Shuffle Elixir of Immortality and your graveyard into their owner's library. This new wording correctly instructs the player as to what to do in the case where the controller of the ability does not own Elixir of Immortality. Please pass this information on to other interested parties who may not have received it. 
1906	boardgames	 From Wikipedia: Although there are some minor differences between rule sets used in different countries, most notably in Chinese and Japanese scoring rules, these differences do not seriously affect the tactics and strategy of the game. There are two basic scoring systems used to determine the winner at the end of a game; they almost always give the same result. Territory scoring counts the number of empty points your stones surround, together with the number of stones you captured. While it originated in China, today it is commonly associated with Japan and Korea. Area scoring counts the number of points your stones occupy and surround. It is associated with contemporary Chinese play and was probably established there during the Ming Dynasty in the 15th or 16th century. Read the full article here . 
1907	boardgames	 A battery-operated card shuffler can shuffle any deck of cards of width/height 1/2 the size of the bay all the way up to the full width/height of the bay. Slightly smaller cards shouldn't be an issue, but I've never seen one larger than a standard deck. 
1912	boardgames	 Mahjong (actually Majiang - 麻将 in mandarin) is really just played like a card game. It's mainly played in China and doesn't have the "manners" that you can find in Japanese traditions. Old people play mahjong like they would play a card game, some people play for money, but there are no manners to follow others than the rules of the game . 
1915	boardgames	 I would highly recommend the Inns and Cathedrals for a reason no one has listed that I've seen. If you play with Inns and Cathedrals, it allows you to play with 6 players. I often like to invite a couple of couples over to play board games with us, and 5 players is a rather odd number to be playing with... I would take the recommendations of getting at least the first two expansions (Inns and Cathedrals and Traders &amp; Builders), any of the other ones are just icing on the cake;-) 
1918	boardgames	 Wheat and ore. Your first city gives you far more dots of production than your third settlement. A starting settlement can have thirteen dots of production, while your third settlement rarely breaks seven dots. After you get your first city or two up, you can trade your valuable city materials to other players for clay and wood. 1-1 trades are pretty common, especially for wheat, but your production is so strong that you can afford imbalanced ratios (say, 3 ore for 1 clay and 1 wood). Do be careful you don't get boxed out completely---you usually need to build two more settlements over the course of the game, if only to upgrade to cities for the VPs. If you're conservative about your initial road placement, this isn't hard to engineer, but it is a danger. 
1928	boardgames	 The rules don't state anywhere that you can roll back to a previous phase, and the core rules and FAQ don't explicitly cover this scenario. I would say that while you can play a card that gives him extra strength, there will be no net effect since damage has already been applied, and once damage is applied, that's it. 
1930	boardgames	 I've played Fluxx in groups from 2 through 10; Zombie Fluxx seems to work even better at the ends of that range. from here The boxes of all the Fluxx games say 2-6 players, but how well do the games play with 7+ players? I have Zombie Fluxx and the regular Fluxx, is there anything I can do to make the game play better with more people? Does anyone with experience of 7+ player Fluxx have any advice? I know combining different versions can often make it impossible to fulfil some goals, but I'm still curious. 
1931	boardgames	 In my group, Fluxx tends to end by accident, regardless of number of players. Actively trying to win pretty much ensures that you won't. Having lots of players (I think my largest was 10) doesn't seem to change that. I've had large games end in 5 minutes and I've played in games where we got bored and quit. I see what you mean by your question though. Intuitively it seems like a large group would make it harder to win. In practice, I think there are so many ways to win that the number of players doesn't really change the game. The only group size where Fluxx isn't as much fun is 2. 
1932	boardgames	 I have played a few 10-player games of Fluxx and similar to Kristo's answer , the number of players doesn't seem to change the game much. That said, one drawback is that it may take a LONG time for your turn to come around. 
1933	boardgames	 I have a few frequently played card games where the cards no longer feel "clean". They aren't stained or anything, just a bit grimy. Is there an effective way to clean the cards without damaging the graphics? 
1934	boardgames	 I've found that a slightly damp washcloth with a little bit of plain old bar soap on it works just fine -- don't use those goofy hand soaps with the beads or anything fancy in them. Lightly rub the cloth on the card, dry it off with another washcloth, and let it sit for a few hours. You definitely want to try this on one card first to make sure that nothing streaks on the card, and only do small batches at a time to make it manageable. I wouldn't do this to any Magic cards that you find valuable; those should have been in card sleeves in the first place. It might be safe, but I would hate to be responsible for damage to your Mox or Lotus. 
1935	boardgames	 It's not really an online resource, but Games Magazine does game reviews, too. (board games, video games, etc.). Even if you don't pick up the subscription, in the December issue each year they have a 'best games of the year' feature. 
1936	boardgames	 I've played a few games of Settlers of Catan with friends and seen some deals emerge in the trading that don't seem quite right to me. When do deals that extend beyond the current trade become unbalancing? For example: Player A is planning to build a road that will block either Player B or Player C from longest road. So Player A sets up a bidding war between B and C to control this future behavior. B and C offer deals like: Any time I have two of (favored resource) I will give one to you I will never attack you with the robber At what point do deals like these cause the balance of the game to shift too far where it's not fun or as good to play? Balance seems to be the key in all games, and I just want to make sure deals like these don't kill it for the rest of the players. 
1937	boardgames	 Another option is to get a razor blade or hobby knife, and carefully scrape the grime off. You want to use a very light touch here to avoid scratching the card. Basically put the whole of the blade in contact w/ the card, just slightly off of vertical, and lightly scrape. Regardless of what method you use, if the cards are used frequently prevention is the best method, but if you do have success cleaning cards, you'll definitely want to get some sleeves to keep your cards nice and clean. 
1938	boardgames	 Deals in Catan are not binding. There's no game rule to enforce the future promise. Also, since the two players in question obviously established an alliance, your best bet is to ally with the fourth player. In general, these and other types of trades are a good thing rules-wise because players farther behind allying for mutual benefit helps balance out unfair randomness in the game (assuming rational play, of course). 
1939	boardgames	 I am going to get a Dominion expansion (probably intrigue based on its popularity) but in the meantime I'm curious about what I can do with just the basic set. I know it was designed for 2-4, but I don't see any real solid reason why it can't go to at least 5. I'm perfectly fine with adding any sort of house rules. The game ends when the provinces or gone or 3 stock piles are exhausted. I figure you could counteract running out of kingdom card piles by possibly adding a few more kingdom cards . To combat the number of provinces we could just add some regular playing cards at the bottom, since they won't go through shuffling too much. My games are pretty relaxed and fun oriented, so some little hacks like that would be fine if they let more people join in. Does anyone with experience with playing Dominion with 5+ players, with or without expansions? Any other strategies to making it possible for an extra player or two to join in? How will the game change with more people and is there anything I should keep in mind to make things run smoothly? 
1940	boardgames	 The primary mechanism when playing with 5 or 6 players using an expansion is just that you get 3 more Provinces per additional person playing (15 with 5, 18 with 6). Putting a dummy card in (I recommend a kingdom card you're not using if you can remember - that way the card backs don't give away any info) will probably do most of what you need. The other rule is that you have to exhaust FOUR kingdom piles with 5 or 6 players. You can do that whether you've got the expansion or not. All in all, you don't need an expansion to play with 6 players. You just need 6 additional Provinces, and to play until 4 piles are gone. Edit: aslum points out that you also need 3 more Estates per extra player, and that technically you need more Curses as well. The Curses and Estates will only matter, however, if you have Kingdom cards in play that promote buying or otherwise gaining from those piles. 
1941	boardgames	 To play with more than 4 players, the rules for Intrigue ( link - page 7) give the following guidelines: Provinces = players x 3 Curses = (players - 1) x 10 Exhaust 4 Kingdom piles (instead of 3) to end the game. Province pile still ends the game on its own. Of course you'll need 3 more Estates per player at the beginning of the game, but for the Coppers you'll just have fewer in the supply. All other rules are the same as in a 3- or 4-player game. Keep in mind that more players can make a game feel slower, and can make some cards (especially attack cards) more powerful than in a smaller game. Also, Intrigue is the only "expansion" that comes with the common (Copper, Silver, Gold, Estate, Duchy, Province, Curse) cards, but once you have it you can use those to boost your supply. Until then I recommend using a few unused Kingdom cards to fill in the blanks. Between the Base set, Seaside and Alchemy I found I had at least fifteen blank cards, which my wife lovingly inscribed with appropriate verbiage to reduce our need for unused Kingdom cards. EDIT: For awhile now Rio Grande Games has had a set of just the Base Cards for sale. 
1942	boardgames	 The best house rule I've played with for large numbers of players is the simultaneous turns rule. Here, more than one player (up to all players) take their turns simultaneously. If any play has an attack card, he announces it, waits for all others players to be ready. (they can do as much or as little of their turns as they'd like, without knowing the attack card). Then the attack is resolved, and play continues of people have buys or actions left. It's fun and allows dominion to scale quite well. 
1943	boardgames	 Descent is a great game, but it's designed to play every level almost from scratch, unlike Hero Quest. While the Road to Legend expansion allows for a campaign, its game play suffers a lot and gets very boring soon. Unlike Descent, in Doom you keep your character as the game progresses. It has similar, simpler, rules. If you don't mind dying over and over ^^ 
1944	boardgames	 So I got a copy of Small World, and in our first game, the "Amazons" came up early. According to the rules, they get "+4 when attacking". What exactly does that mean? We argued it out and what we eventually decided it meant was At the beginning of each of the Amazon player's turns, they receive 4 extra tokens. When they end their "conquering regions" step, they remove 4 tokens of their choice from the board, then go on to compute VP. But we're not at all confident in our interpretation. 
1945	boardgames	 That's how it worked in the one game I've played. At the time I felt like it was incorrect in some subtle way, but since it was my first and only game so far, I'm not sure either. 
1946	boardgames	 I've heard a lot of good things about Puerto Rico, but from the 12-page manual it seems a little complex. I revel in the challenge of learning new and difficult games, but sadly the friends I play with aren't as hardcore as I am and are slightly less inclined to reading gigantic rule books. I have no experience whatsoever with Puerto Rico, and want to get some advice before buying. :) How difficult is the game to teach to new players? Can non-board-game-geeks handle it with some good coaching in the beginning? Are there any other games I should be adding to my collection before Puerto Rico if I'm concerned about new player friendliness but still want a good flexible strategy game? 
1947	boardgames	 There are many different variants and expansions for the Ticket to Ride series, and I'm curious about the differences. I know the standard version and the Europe version differ only by map, but I'm not so sure about the others. What are the differences between the different games? What are there strengths and weaknesses? Is the dice expansion worth getting? Looking for stuff like player #'s, game length, and any other things that change the experience. :D 
1949	boardgames	 Puerto Rico BGG is pretty simple to learn. The rules are not too complex and the turn actions are pretty straight forward. However, like most games that have Victory Points, the game can take a few plays until you understand the flow of actions and which moves are "best". I would highly reccommend this game. I learned it at lunchtime at the office and, even with experienced players, did pretty well, even tying for the win my third game. 
1950	boardgames	 Puerto Rico is one of those games that if you play a 'sample' round or two, the game mechanics and the different role cards can be quickly learnt. It is also such a great game that first time board gamers get hooked on board games because of it. The mechanics of the game are actually pretty simple, but has a good depth of skill required to be a good player. We often use Puerto Rico as the first game to play with new players. Our second choice is Power Grid. 
1951	boardgames	 As ICodeForCoffee said in the " bribing off the Robber " question: According to the rules of Catan, players can't trade unless they're both exchanging resources. This would seem to be the same issue with the agreement to give extra resources to other players. They could form an alliance to trade the resources, but not just give the extras "in the future" for a favor. 
1952	boardgames	 Excerpt from the rule book itself: Amazons Four of your Amazon tokens may only be used for conquest, not for defense, as indicated by the +4 on the banner itself. So you start your initial turn with 10 Amazon tokens (plus any additional ones that may be granted to you by the Special Power associated with the Amazons, depending on your combo). At the end of each of your Troop Redeployments (see Troop Redeployment, p. 5), remove four tokens from the map, making sure to leave at least one Amazon token in each of your Regions if possible, and only take these four tokens back in hand to redeploy on the map once you Ready your Troops (see Ready your Troops, p. 6) at the start of your next turn. 
1953	boardgames	 It depends entirely on the group of people. I'm good at explaining games, and good at streamlining the concepts to make them easy to understand, but Puerto Rico is far, far too complex to teach to my parents and many of my friends. They would simply fade out after hearing "there are two ways to earn points." These are folks who are thrown by the twelve points rule in Qwirkle, and are much more common than you might think. Other friends, despite not being boardgame fans, would have no trouble learning the game, and would indeed pick things up after playing a couple of rounds. Use caution and carefully scope out your audience. See if they're fading out and keep them in the explanation by asking if they have any questions so far, what you should cover again, etc. 
1954	boardgames	 I have played about 15 games of Seven Wonders now. When I ask the winning player why they won, they tend to tell me what they did rather than why they did it, and rarely does it involve anything clever. The smartest thing I've seen a winning player do was start with the board with Glass as a resource and bury to Glass cards to build up his wonder for the first two phases of his wonder. But winning often is related to things out of your control, such as Your neighbor builds up lots of resources so that you can use them for trading. No other player goes for the same strategy as you so they don't build the cards you want. Your neighbors build up little military, so you don't need to waste resources contending with them and can still get lots of points from beating them. Your neighbors pick the same strategy as each other, so you can get a valuable guild. You get access to resources needed to progress through building your wonder early. In contrast, Dominion and Race for the Galaxy, both games that I really enjoy, a skilled player can exert a lot of control over the game. I readily admit luck is a factor in both games, but there is a lot of room for skill to influence the outcome. Whether its from picking a better strategy from the initial board setup and picking appropriate card counters as the game progresses in Dominion, or building a tableau to mitigate advantages in probable phase selections and choosing actions to counter opponents selections in Race, there is a big return on skill for both of those games. I just don't see the same room for planning, strategic decisions and maneuvering in Seven Wonders. What am I missing? 
1955	boardgames	 Paint a surface blue, and then use Cling-Wrap, slightly crinkled in a regular pattern, glued over the top. Very fast/cheap, but there are more quality methods available. 
1956	boardgames	 I'm pretty experienced with groups that have a similar play-style to yours. The main deals that strike my groups as unfair are those which are 'kingmakers.' That is, a player is threatening to hand the game to someone else unless a third party gives him something. 
1957	boardgames	 For Christmas, I received Agricola - The Goodies . It's a fun expansion that provides new themed farm boards, shaped resources and animals, stickers for your people, and four interesting decks of cards. One of the decks is called the X-Deck , and adds random events that trigger when you take stone. Here's one of them: Carbonite Cousin The family member taking this Action is frozen in Carbonite. He will be rescued during the Returning Home phase 3 rounds from now. At that time, place a Claim marker on any Action space of your choice. At the beginning of the following round, put the Family member on that Action space and carry out the action before the starting player takes his or her first action. I have three questions. Does my Carbonite Cousin need feeding each harvest that he's not in my house? Does he still take up a space in the house (e.g. for family growth)? If the game ends before he is rescued, what is his status? Does he still count towards my people score at the end? 
1958	boardgames	 Yes to all three. There would have to be exceptions listed on the card, or in the rules insert to do otherwise. There are none. We can make assumptions based on what we "know" being frozen in carbonite means, however the current game rules do not support that. 
1959	boardgames	 Arkham Horror is an interesting game in that it lies partway between a traditional board game and a full-on role-playing experience. The atmosphere of the game and the shared imagination of the players is much more important than in games like Agricola or Ticket to Ride, which are dominated by the rules mechanics. It also takes quite a long time to play. With more players, it's critical to keep people enthused and involved. This requires active work, by you, if you're the host! Here are the main things I think about. Set the atmosphere. I like to dim the lights and play horror movie soundtracks. It's obvious, cliched - and fun! Identify with your characters. We always read out our investigator's back-stories and special rules. And if your players actually talk and act in character, then the game comes alive! If you can provide props or dress up, so much the better. If your players feel like they can relate to and care about their protagonist, they will be much more involved in the game. Staying in character also gives players something to think about when it's not their turn. Identify with shared goals. If your players feel that they are working together for a common goal, then other player's turns immediately feel more interesting. If the players have the nervous sense that this move is important, then they will certainly pay attention! You want to make them feel that they and their teammates are playing for high stakes. Know your rules. Nothing kills a game like being bogged down searching for rules clarifications, or having long protracted arguments about ambiguous phrasing. Make sure you have a good grasp of the rules, and if necessary enforce rules decisions to keep the game moving. Keep the game moving. Some people like to carefully think through every permutation. Some people love calculating attack modifiers. Some people don't care, and want to just CHARGE at the nearest big looking monster. Some people just want to do random cool stuff, infuriating the other players. Striking the right balance between personalities, and gently nudging people along is very necessary. It's similar to chairing a meeting. Do it well, and no one will notice, but everyone will feel the experience "went well". Read all the cards out yourself. I recommend doing all the reading yourself. It's much faster than passing cards around, and you can add tension and atmosphere by reading dramatically. Your idea of not reading the whole card out is a good one, but does depend on the situation. Remember that some cards in Arkham are optional tests, while others are mandatory. In the optional cases, your player is going to want to know what the risk/reward stakes are. In the mandatory case, it's more fun to drag out the suspense...! Apply house rules to improve the game. Game designer Richard Launius has provided some excellent house rules which are well worth reading. These can adjust the speed and/or difficulty of the game as needed. Take breaks. If your players are getting tired or bored, take a break, make some drinks, or agree to resume some other time. Don't turn finishing the game into a death march. Actively manage the game. This is the critical one. If you're hosting a large number of players, you need to run the game. This is quite a lot of work, but rewarding. Remember that the aim of the game is for everyone to have fun. Even if you are playing an investigator, you still have the extra responsibility for the game experience itself. The ideal game will be tense, nerve-wracking, involve some hardship and sacrifice, but ultimately a positive experience. You want your players to go away feeling they had an adventure, and did well, whether or not they ultimately win. Consider bending the rules where necessary to achieve this. 
1960	boardgames	 I can't comment on the newer Ticket to Ride editions, but you should know the original and Europe have a few differences: Europe edition includes ferry and tunnel routes that have special rules about claiming them. The original edition comes with small cards that I find a bit clumsy to shuffle. The 1910 expansion entirely replaces the small cards with large ones, and subsequent editions including Europe come with large cards. The Days of Wonder website provides Flash-based versions of several ticket to ride games, which would let you try before you buy. 
1963	boardgames	 7 Wonders is a very different kind of game than Race or Dominion. Race &amp; Dominion are both "group solitare" games. By that I mean that there is little one can do to affect one's opponent. The game is mostly your own strategy. 7 Wonders is strictly an "adaptive" game. You cannot go in with any kind of strategy; even choosing wonders is random according to the rules. Every decision you make affects all other opponents, neighbors more than the others. If you don't take that into account, by, say knowing "I'm going to pass these 6 cards, and I know my left neighbor will likely choose this card, so I should choose to do X", then yes, the game will feel random. My biggest criticism of this type of game is that weak players give other players big advantages. If you want to enjoy 7 wonders, play with people who know the game well, start thinking about everyone's tactics not just your own, and stop worrying about strategy. 
1964	boardgames	 The original and Europe versions differ HUGELY, it's not just a different board. The US version is the simplest formulation of the game. It accommodates up to 5 players, I believe, and it'd be a great one to play with non-boardgame-obsessed family members, including the old and the young. It's still got a great deal of strategy and depth to it once you know where to look, but it won't turn off anyone who can handle Monopoly, Scrabble or Risk. (The 1910 expansion adds less unwieldy cards and a few new variants, but keeps things maximally simple and elegant.) The Europe version is also good for large groups but takes the complexity level up a notch. Now you have to deal with concepts such as tunnels, ferries and stations, which severely alter the dynamics of collecting cards and claiming routes. It's a more gamer-y Ticket to Ride which I would probably recommended over the US version to anyone who plays with mostly hardened gamers. The 1912 expansion offers variants at a similar complexity level. I haven't played the Marklin (German) edition but I believe it's got extra twists over the US version that probably put it on about a par with the European set. I have played with the Nordic Countries edition and it's my personal favourite. The caveat here is: it's only for 2 or 3 players, so don't get it if you need to regularly cater to a larger group! It is even more complex than Europe, with a lot of exceptions to the normal rules that are pretty hard to grasp on the first play - but it's perfectly balanced and my wife and I come back to it again and again. The Switzerland game is another 2-3 player outing, and again I haven't actually played this one, but most of what I've seen written about it suggests that most people prefer Nordic Countries. Hope this helps! 
1965	boardgames	 Sounds right to me. Compare and contrast to the Ratmen, who get 8 men both "on attack" and "on defense", as it were. The Amazons are balanced with that race by getting 2 more men (women?) to attack with... but 2 fewer to defend with. When I started thinking about it that way, it became obviously right that the Amazons should attack with 10 but only defend with 6: the numbers match up nicely! 
1966	boardgames	 1 Does my Carbonite Cousin need feeding each harvest that he's not in my house? No. He's frozen in carbonite. As Threepio says "He should be quite well-protected -- if he survives the freezing process, that is." 2 Does he still take up a space in the house (e.g. for family growth)? No. As Han Solo said, the point is: "To freeze a being solid, then hang him on a wall like some trophy?". Wall art doesn't need a bedroom. 3 If the game ends before he is rescued, what is his status? Does he still count towards my people score at the end? No, as Leia says: "He's trapped in that thing forever unless somebody releases him." See the Wookiepedia for more information. 
1967	boardgames	 I guess this varies a lot from game to game, but I've seen everything from 120 to 360 minutes, and wondered where the average lies. If it's closer to 360, I don't think I will bother to buy it. I know how rarely Axis &amp; Allies is taken out of its box... 
1968	boardgames	 I would say that its about 5 hours on average. Its not that the game ends at that point so much as the game is agreed to be a foregone conclusion by that point, even when it might not have been, due to fatigue/disillusionment from the players :P. 
1969	boardgames	 Amazon has user reviews for the vast majority of their products, and they also sell board games. Some of the most well-written reviews I've seen for games has been on their Amazon page. 
1970	boardgames	 My experiences have been varied, but much like @GWLlosa, I have found it to be, at a minimum, 5 hours. We often take a weekend day - say a Saturday or a Friday holiday off of work - to play the game. This way we can start around 10 AM, have lunch in the middle, dinner later and then stop whenever people are done. It is a fun, quality game, just one I never plan on finishing. That being said, I have heard of (but never been a part of) cut throat groups where the game goes much faster, but I think you have to have a group of people who are willing to backstab at the right times, and are willing to betray alliances for a win, something that tends to be less common amongst friends in my experience. 
1971	boardgames	 I don't see any reason why Forbidden Island wouldn't be able to handle 5 or maybe even 6 players with some simple variants. Does anyone have any experience with different player numbers with some wisdom to pass on? It would be slightly harder to gather the required 4 treasure cards at one person, but there would be more people total to trade with. The island would sink faster and it would take longer for a certain critical player to have their turn, even though the navigator and helicopter can move anyone. How can these disadvantages be offset to keep the game strong and sufficiently difficult? 
1972	boardgames	 Odds are that you're not going to want to get it (which is tragic, as it's a great game), since it's a long-play game. I've found that a game typically takes 4 hours or more. Interestingly, new player groups and experienced player groups will typically take about the same amount of time. New players take time because they're figuring out the rules, but they're not going to be nearly as Machiavellian. Experienced players take time because they're creating plots within plots and being devious, which leads to protracted engagements on multiple fronts. If you really want to make a game of Diplomacy cruise along, I recommend the following: 1) Have an experienced player resolve all orders at the end of each turn. That helps speed things along. 2) Set a solid time limit for each turn, like five minutes. Five minutes is very long for the first three or four turns, but by the eighth turn it's barely enough time to write your orders. Yes, setting a time limit impairs your ability to engage in negotiations, but it'll make the game end in a reasonable amount of time. Another option: Play in one-hour (or two-hour) sessions. Leave the board set up between sessions. Long ago, I made a copy of the board, mounted it on foam-core, and stuck color-coded push-pins in it to "save" the state of the board between games. Something nice about this is that you can do all the diplomacy and negotiation you want to, and you can engage in diplomacy between games. That's a big part of Diplomacy (go figure), and can make for a really fun experience. 
1973	boardgames	 I know The Goodies is "just a bit of fun" compared to, say, Farmers of the Moor, but I simply can't believe that Carbonite Cousin is meant to work as per the phrasing above. Losing a family member FOR THREE ROUNDS - four rounds, if the initial action taken stopped the family member from doing something actually useful - is in no way compensated for by a one-shot Taster-type action four rounds later. Full disclosure: I don't actually own The Goodies yet. Am I missing a whole bunch of new rules that would help this card make any kind of sense in terms of the Agricola rules ? If not, here's how I would make this card remotely playable. Obviously, none of your Family Members are "cousins". The first two are man and wife, the others are their children, and marryin' cousins may be legal in some parts, but not in my neck of the woods. Ergo, the Carbonite Cousin cannot be an actual family member. I would rule that the Carbonite Cousin be represented by a Guest Token, that is rescued three turns later and carries out an action out of gratitude the turn after that, as per the card. This eliminates any worries about whether the Cousin needs feeding and accommodating, whether he scores points at the end of the game, and whether he has to go to the Infirmary if his carbonite prison is not heated for a turn. Even more pertinently, it turns the card into something that might be playable by someone other than a total Star Wars obsessive! 
1975	boardgames	 As mentioned in other answers, 4-5 hours is an accurate average length. I'd also go as far to say that 1/2 of all games are never 'officially' complete - more often a leading player and assumed winner is agreed upon. I'd argue strongly that neither points detract from the game, it's length and involvement is half the fun - but if you don't feel you have that sort of time to invest, it may be worth avoiding. It's worth pointing out that Diplomacy has a lot less pieces to wrestle with than Axis &amp; Allies and to a certain extent, an easier ruleset to learn. Its slow point is diplomacy, which is easier to tweak, rather than the (very fiddly) physical move phases of Axis &amp; Allies. 
1976	boardgames	 Totally missed when you gave the link to the rules. That helped out a bunch. As I understand it, Cripple Mr. Onion plays out much like Blackjack in that each player bets individually against the dealer. There is a difference in that the dealer is a player too and the position of dealer is bid for each round. I don't think that makes a ton of difference to what I'm proposing. If you end up with 7 or less people you should do one table and one round. At the end of the time, players are ranked by the number of chips that they have. If you have more than 7 people you will need 2 rounds. Divide the players up into X groups of Y people. X and Y should both be between 3 and 7 (inclusive). Split your available time in half, reserve 10 minutes for a break during which the chips will be counted. At the end of the first time period, the person with the highest chip count at each table will move on to the finals. For the finals, collect all the chips and redistribute them evenly. (You don't want someone who had an extremely weak first table having too much of an advantage in the finals) At the end of the finals, players are ranked by the number of chips that they have. Example, you have 20 people. The first round will be 5 tables of 4 people. The finals will then be one table of 5 people. 
1977	boardgames	 We're playing our yearly Advanced Civilization game this Saturday, and we may have 9 people. Does anyone have any 9-player rules? We have all the extension maps. 
1978	boardgames	 Other questions have asserted that many people don't actually auction properties as instructed in the rules. Monopoly doesn't specify any rules to control the auction. I have seen auctions stretch on with many +$1 bids, making the process painfully slow. Seems to me some combination of eBay bid increments and/or Poker raise rules would be appropriate. What minimum bid increment rule(s) are recommended? Do these rule(s) lead to faster auctions? 
1979	boardgames	 If you're playing for "fun", as I typically do, we set the minimum bid to be face value. Otherwise, set a minimum increase bid of $5 or $10. 
1980	boardgames	 As Pat Ludwig states, position is important in the game. So you always want each table to play a full round so everyone plays from all the good and poor positions. Pat Ludwig's suggestions are good advice under the assumption that you want a quick tournament and that all players arrive on time for the start. Fitting all the matches into an appropriate amount of time is a key success factor for a tournament director. Plan your rounds starting from final table backwards. I will assume this game takes ~10 minutes / player / round once everone knows the rules. Under the assumption that you have a little more time, I perfer a drop the low men approach. I also like having your final table start with a full seven players. Drop from 1 to 4 players after each round depending on time available. For early to middle rounds in a really large tourneyment, I would suggest around four or five players to a table. More players makes the rounds slower, fewer players makes the outcome too dependent who you face in the round. Each assignment of players should play exactly once around then break for new assignments. Drop X players after the round then reassign seeding by chip count. So my example 20 player 4+ hour tournament would be: First round 5 tables of 4 (~ 45 minutes) Second round 4 tables of 4 (~ 45 minutes) Third round 4 tables of 3 (~ 30 minutes) Fourth round 1 table of 7 (~75 minutes) Fifth round 1 table of 5 (~50 minutes) Sixth round 1 table of 3 (continue as time allows, place per chip count at end of scheduled time) If you want to allow participation by late arrivers, here are some ideas: 1. Reserve a table for late arrivers. But don't wait too long to get this table started. 2. Have players pair up for an initial seeding round as they arrive. Only play two hands in this fashion use chip count to seed players for the initial full tables of the tourneyment. This allows some time for late arrivers and helps insure that folks know the rules, before the beginners slow down a larger group. 3. In addition, Charge some minor fine on initial buy in for late arrivals. Probably a little less than 1% per minute late. Initial seeding is also a significant fairness factor. Each starting table should have an even mix of beginners and experienced plays to the greatest extent possible. 
1981	boardgames	 As the consensus opinion is: yes, it definitely will take you a whole day to get through a game of Diplomacy - why not play it as a PBM (or PBEM, or whatever kids are calling it these days) instead? Just because something comes with a physical board doesn't mean you have to gather your friends and sit round a table. A Diplomacy game is quite an undertaking, but you needn't complete it in one gruelling sitting. Amortize the endless wrangling and backroom deals over a period of weeks - the thrill of finally backstabbing your "dearest allies" will stay just as sweet! 
1982	boardgames	 I've played several times now - always with six to seven players - so I have a few thoughts. 1) Go with one major strategy and one minor strategy (Ex: Primary red, secondary blue.). Which ones to go with varies from game to game of course, but blue is often ignored and easy to go with (especially if you're focusing on building off of prerequisites instead of using resources). Why? Because you're spreading your risk. Also, players tend to not have a strong strategy, and their scores suffer for this. 2) Science (green) is worth crazy points, and is often easy to sneak past your opponents. For reasons I don't understand, players tend to pay too much attention to your resources, and your warfare icons, and overlook the science icons. When in doubt, go for green as your primary strategy. This is doubly true if your neighbors keep passing it to you. 3) The primary mechanics of the game are card drafting, followed by set collection. If some of the players are weaker at card drafting than others, the players they're passing cards to have an advantage. If the players receiving cards are very good at card drafting, they're going to do well. Consequently, if you're playing in a group of unequally skilled card drafters, you should watch what everyone is laying out, make a point of pointing out players who are doing especially well (especially in green), and (however uncouth it may be) offer advice on what not to pass that player. 4) Money is worth points at the end of the game, and resources are useful during play, so it's worthwhile to have a lot of resources that you (and your neighbors) can use. Money they give you turns into victory points later. 5) 7 Wonders is very much about assessing what you've been given, what your neighbors are ignoring, and what you'll be able to build into later. Like I said above, it's a card-drafting game; if you understand card drafting, you'll do better. 6) Unless they fall into your lap, you can largely ignore red cards. Warfare doesn't net you massive points. On its own, a perfect warfare score will net you 18 points. Similar effort in other areas (green, blue) typically does better. If you ignore it and fail as completely as possible, you'll net negative six points. Typically, if you ignore it, at least one neighbor will also and you'll net negative three points. ...and that's pretty much what I have to say on it. 
1984	boardgames	 I'm trying to decide if I should get the pandemic expansion on the brink. Here's the obvious advantages I can see: lets you play with 5 people adds some variety with new cards options to make the game harder Is there anything else I should know before buying on the brink? Does it add enough to pandemic that its worth getting even instead of an entirely new game? Does it really make the game last about 15 minutes longer? Does it give the opportunity to stretch the game to 6 or 7 people without breaking? 
1985	boardgames	 Obviously anything that puts curses into circulation would be anathema. I'm not necessarily looking for one player to have the highest score possible, so much as to have games where everyone's scores where really high. I figure Monument is obvious, and Great Hall, Island, etc. seem like they might also contribute to a high scoring game. On the other hand if there are tons of non-terminal action cards and Vinyards that could lead to some pretty ridiculous scores as well. 
1986	boardgames	 I want to play the Catan Card Game more often than I can find someone with the patience to play it with me. I know there are some good solitaire rules for Settlers of Catan, but are there any for the Catan Card Game? 
1987	boardgames	 A quick "bonus" from the revised game: It adds many new Roles, and upgrades one of them (the green one - I don't remember its name off the top of my head, but it lets you build operation centers wherever you are without spending a card). That added a lot of value to the game for me. 
1988	boardgames	 What's a good strategy game for 8 players? Many games can be played by 8 players, but suffer from a loss of pace, and long waits between turns. What games have parallel planning phases, or lots of interaction during turns? I'm looking for games that can safely be called strategy games, so apples to apples and some other party games don't really count. This is basically an extension of this question for 6 players. 
1989	boardgames	 I am starting to do some analysis of games on the online dominion server at . The top 5 scoring games there all involve a combination of Goons and King's Court. These are all solo games where people are trying to run up the score, so they aren't representative. But from my experience, Colony, Goons, Vineyard, Bishop, Duke, and Gardens all contribute to really high scores in real games. 2941 Alchemist, City, Colony, Gardens, Goons, Grand Market, King's Court, Platinum, Potion, Steward, Throne Room, Vineyard, and Watchtower 2760 Ambassador, Bridge, Chapel, City, Council Room, Goons, King's Court, Throne Room, Watchtower, and Worker's Village 2722 Bishop, Bridge, City, Colony, Council Room, Fishing Village, Goons, King's Court, Monument, Platinum, Wharf, and Worker's Village 2681 Bazaar, Bishop, Chapel, Colony, Council Room, Goons, Grand Market, King's Court, Market, Platinum, Throne Room, and Wharf 2625 Bishop, Black Market, Bridge, Caravan, City, Colony, Goons, King's Court, Monument, Platinum, Throne Room, and Wharf 
1990	boardgames	 One of the highest scoring games I saw recently involved King's Court, Bridge, and Chapel. While it may not seem that important, Chapel is a key cornerstone to a high-scoring game. It allows you to get rid of your lower value cards, such as Coppers and Estates. King's Court and Bridge is obscenely powerful. Together, they give you +3 Coin, +3 Buy, and every card costs 3 less. What this means is that Colony costs 8 to buy, Province costs 5 to buy, Duchy costs 2 to buy... and you have at least 4 buys. Along with high-value coins, this has great benefits. Some cards that can help you start this process earlier are Quarry, Contraband (until your opponents figure out what you're doing), and Tactician. These cards can be trashed later with the Chapel. Village, Fishing Village, Mining Village, Worker Village, Fesitval, or Bazaar can all be useful as well, due to their +2 Actions. Anything that gives you extra cards is a necessity for this strategy... Council Room or Library in particular. Minion can work, but at the expense of having to discard your other cards. Other misc cards that can help include: Royal Seal, Watchtower, Bank... basically anything that gives you lots of money. Keep in mind that you'd need 30 or more actions for each Vineyard to be equal in value to a Colony, so you may want to skip it. 
1991	boardgames	 To answer all your questions, but not in order: Other things you should know: Also adds some rather nice storage trays for the viruses, and some smaller pawns (including for the original base roles) which fit on the board better. All of this stuff will just fit in the original box, but only if you're good at packing (the virus trays could actually do to be about 10% smaller). The new roles add significant variation to the base game even without using any of the other new mechanics in the set. (There's also a reprinted Operations Expert card with revised wording, which I recommend also using for the base game.) It becomes tempting to add house rules for how you select powers; there's one new power that's related to (but a major variation on) each of the original roles, and some completely unrelated new roles on top. This means that purely random draw can, if you're unlucky, produce some very odd or tricky mixes. (Some groups, of course, prefer it that way.) The expansion makes the game last longer only if you're using the new disease variants. The bioterrorist option in particular takes longer, as it adds a hunt-the-hidden-player mechanic (a little bit like Fury of Dracula). Mutating diseases add a little more complexity and hence a few minutes more playtime. (They also make it harder, so they can dramatically shorten the playtime...) Most of the variations on disease - and hence a lot of the set content - make the game more difficult. So if you regularly find Pandemic challenging, consider carefully: you might have trouble using some of the material without making it too challenging. The question you linked addresses 6-7 players better than I can here. Short form: it works, but not at all well unless you add house rules to cope with the massive difficulty increase. (Personally, I'd always rather play something else with 6 or 7; Pandemic really wasn't designed for it.) Summary: (Personal opinion: I found it to be fun, but expensive for the amount of content.) Does it add enough that it's worth getting instead of an entirely new game? Depends how much you play Pandemic. If you play intermittently or are still finding the base game surprising you, probably not; use the revised Ops Expert wording and get another small game instead. If you play Pandemic regularly and feel like you've seen all the base game has to offer, it's definitely worth getting. If you regularly beat the pants off Pandemic and want some more challenging options, grab it. 
1992	boardgames	 A friend of mine got Dominion for Christmas, and while the game plays wonderfully (I'm hooked ), we were both confused by the randomizer deck. Why are there Curse, Copper, Silver, Gold, and victory point cards in the randomizer deck, when they're needed for every game ? We figured out we would remove those cards from the randomizer deck before dealing out 10 of the Kingdom cards to set up the game, but why bother having the above-named cards in the deck in the first place? Are we missing something? 
1993	boardgames	 Don't use them to randomize. Use one of the online card pickers: What is the Best Random Card Setup Tool? Use them as the last card in their respective stacks. They are used to indicate that the stack has run out so that it is easier to know how close the game is to ending. @krisa suggests that if you use sleeves to use a different colored sleeve for the randomizer cards. This will make it much easier to keep them separate. Pg. 5 of the rules says: Players may also use the Randomizer cards as Placeholders to mark the card piles so empty piles are easily seen. 
1994	boardgames	 The mechanics are not that difficult but the feeling that a newbie has no clue how to play well is intimidating. I always make sure that they understand that the first few turns don't really matter that much (in a newbie game) and that they'll get the hang of if in a couple of turns. They should just let the complexity wash over them for a couple of rounds. TRIVIA: The one rule that NO ONE remembers at first is that you can't have two of the same building. I make a point of telling them and adding "...you'll deny that I told you this rule". They still deny it. 
1995	boardgames	 I would not go with Hearts as it is almost the opposite of a trick-taking game. The point is not to take tricks and the strategy is quite different from most trick-taking game. We played a game as a kids called simply "trumps". 7 cards each. Turn over the top card of the deck. Its suit is trumps. Whoever gets the most tricks is the winner. Next up in complexity (and way, way up in fun) is "contract whist". 7 cards each. Hearts are trumps. Each player specifies a contract (how many tricks they will win) in order (contracts can't add to 7, so at least one player will not make theirs). Play the hand. 1 point for each trick with a bonus of 10 if you make your contract EXACTLY. Repeat with 6 cards each (clubs are trumps). Continue down to 1 card each cycling through the suit - H, C, D, S, NT - which is trumps. Most points at the end is the winner. The queen of trick-taking games - better than bridge (really!) - is Nomination Whist. It's pretty much The Official Card Game of the Royal Navy and is always played for beer. Sadly, I don't have many card-playing friends these days. 
1996	boardgames	 Throne Room: "Choose any action in your hand and play it twice" Feast: "Trash this card and gain a card costing up to 5$" So I use the Throne Room and play Feast twice. The first time it gets played it gets trashed and I gain a card up to five. The second time its played the Feast card is in the trash, and to play a Feast it needs to get trashed to gain a card. I recall the rules say something like when you play an action you must follow as many of the rules as you can, so I assume you would just trash the one Feast and gain 2 cards up to 5$. Is this correct? 
1997	boardgames	 I've heard a lot about the different Dominion expansions, but I'm still not really sure which direction to go. In what order would you suggest I buy the expansions? How does each one change the game? what different behavior/strategies does each one promote? 
1998	boardgames	 The first time Feast is played, it is moved to the trash, and you get a card costing up to 5. Then, Feast goes (stays) in the trash, and you get a card costing up to 5. In Dominion, the only times one instruction on a card is dependent on another (that I can think of) is when it's prefaced by something like "If you do, ", as in Moneylender, or when the following instruction calculates based off the preceding one, as in Remodel. 
1999	boardgames	 Gain two cards. From the rules, pg5 If you use Throne Room on Feast, you will gain two cards, even though you can only trash Feast once. Gaining the card isn't contingent on trashing Feast; they're just two things that the card tries to make you do. As @MagRoader pointed out , the general rule is on page 6. The player may still play an Action card even if he is not able to do everything the Action card tells him to do; but the player must do as much as he can. Therefore the gaining of a card is not dependent on the trashing of the Feast (obviously you can't trash one card twice). 
2000	boardgames	 I already answered this here . And the other answers on that page are very good, but specific to Intrigue. If you have a friend you always play with who is getting Intrigue, I would get Seaside first. If not, get Intrigue first. 
2001	boardgames	 As other answerers have written, the end result is you gain 2 cards (costing up to 5) and the Feast goes to the trash. The general idea I like to remember is on page 6 of the rules (emphasis mine): The player may still play an Action card even if he is not able to do everything the Action card tells him to do; but the player must do as much as he can . With just this rule you can see what the result is of playing Throne Room + Feast - do everything the card tells you to that you can do... twice. (In this case, Trash the Feast and gain the 2 cards). This also covers several other tricky scenarios - for example, playing Upgrade to trash a Copper. In this case, you will gain nothing because no card costs exactly 1 (unless you also played a Bridge earlier that turn). 
2002	boardgames	 I started with this question about good games for new players and got plenty of good answers. But now I want to look at things from the other end and figure which games I should definitely avoid. I was thinking about buying Power Grid, Puerto Rico, and Arkham Horror to play with my family because they have tons of good reviews and are widespread. But when I asked if they would be a good choice at our local game store I was told to steer away from them due to complexity, and it seems there aren't many reviews on the complexity of games and friendliness to new people. I love board games to death, and when I see a 40 page manual I think 'bring it on!' and have no trouble sitting there for a half hour learning to play the game. Many of my friends aren't as hardcore, and they start to get bored if we don't get started in 15 minutes. What are some good ways to recognize if a game is probably not suitable for non board game enthusiasts? The outside of the box is usually unhelpful, and it can be difficult to figure this out before actually buying the game. Sadly I don't live very near a board-game store, so I can't try all of them out. If you list a game, please include why it doesn't meet the criteria, how this can be recognized, and its implications for the game. 
2004	boardgames	 Agricola My first and only game of Agricola involved about 30 minutes of setup and explanation before we got going. It took a few turns to get the hang of it, and I think that's got to be on the short side of average. I have two things going for me: I'm probably more of a "hard-core" gamer than it sounds like your friends are. I've played several games of Twilight Imperium, so I'm used to the core mechanic of choosing an action that no one else can do that round. I think this review sums it up nicely. Agricola is not a game your friends will be used to. For starters, there's no direct interaction between players. And the sheer volume of choices is likely to put unprepared players into a daze. So if you're thinking about buying it specifically to play with that one group of friends, I'd recommend you stay away. I'm not sure they'll like it enough to keep playing until they figure it out. 
2005	boardgames	 After the first reshuffle of the Treasure deck, go down to drawing only 1 Treasure card per turn. Since you'll have all the cards drawn fairly quickly, the challenge becomes maneuvering them to the right player. Usually by the time you get through the entire deck this way you've gotten at least one treasure and discarded the 4 cards, which means you won't have every single card be a "Waters Rise!". This should let you play with 5 people just fine, and possibly 6 if you start at novice level. If you are willing to do a little bit more work, you can beef up the game itself. This will give results closer to the feel of the original game. Keep using the rule I mentioned above! Here's what you'll need: 1 new treasure and 5 treasure cards for it. 6 extra tiles and their flood cards. 4 of them are just normal tiles. 2 of them correspond to the 5th treasure. You can use index cards to make the tiles and regular playing cards for the flood and treasure cards. The four aces are the flood cards for the 4 new normal tiles, the King of Spades and King of Hearts are the flood cards for the 2 5th treasure tiles. 2-6 of Hearts are the treasure cards for the 5th treasure. Yes, it does look a little shoddy to have regular playing cards mixed in with the deck, but it works just fine and I've found it rarely hurts the gaming experience. If this still bothers you, just sleeve all the cards.This will let you handle 5 people just fine. To play with 6 people, add one more card of each of the 5 colors , so there will be 6 cards of each color. I just used a marker to color some normal playing cards to match the others. Since you now have added cards for the new 5th treasure and the old treasures, the issue of knowing exactly what's coming up by what the card back looks like is reduced. I also recommend that you allow players to either give or take a treasure card from another player on the same tile for an action, instead of allowing giving only. This lessens the time spent waiting to get to the right player's turn. I have played this 6 player variant several times with great success, to the point where I actually prefer to play with 6 people to playing with less. If you want to play with 7 people, add another card of each color to the deck, so there are 7 of each color. I have not play-tested very often with 7, so I assume that the game starts to fall apart a little more, but it should still be playable. The nice thing about cooperatives is that you can have some players control 1 pawn as a team. Our groups tend to make decisions as a group often enough that we rarely notice that there are less pawns than players. If you need to support 7, you can choose if you want to try the 7 pawn rules or the 6 pawn with one team. These tend to give good results as they keep the game fairly balanced. Having a bigger island suits extra players better as you have a better ratio of Waters Rise! to treasures and more island no-sink time. You'll have to plan a little more as you'll end up farther away from each other. The degradation of the island is more interesting as you can have bigger holes in the center. You can even start changing the shape of the island for extra fun. I will be posting a list of new roles shortly. Feel free to post any question, comments, or reviews of these rules if you've played with them. :D 
2006	boardgames	 Even if you stipulate that a player must buy a card when he can, a two-player game with Monuments and Ambassadors could go on indefinitely. 
2007	boardgames	 We were confused by the + action cards. It says you have to start at the top of the card and work your way down. so when do you play a second action card and are you allowed to play another action card if you havent done everything on the first action card. Also, can you total up all of the extra coins on all of your action cards and combine them for one buy? 
2008	boardgames	 Here's an answer to your second question: Yes, you should total all the coins on your (action) cards and combine them for your buy or buys. (Note that you resolve buys after resolving actions.) 
2009	boardgames	 When playing a +Action card do not resolve the extra action until the current card is finished. From pg. 7 of the rules It does not mean play another Action immediately. The instructions on the current Action card must be completed before playing any additional Actions. You should total up all the extra coins on the cards you've played for one purchase unless you have played cards with + Buys. (You don't have to spend everything you've gained in each turn BTW). (also page 7, under Buy Phase) The player may play some or all of the Treasure cards from his hand to his play area and add to their value the coins provided by Action cards played this turn. 
2010	boardgames	 You should think of actions, coins and buys as value stores that you add to and subtract from throughout your turn by doing certain things. So, you start your turn with the ability to play 1 action and perform 1 buy. Playing Village costs you 1 action (bringing you down to 0), but adds 2 back, meaning you now have 2 actions available. Playing Smithy costs an action, bringing you down to 1, and you could still afford to play another card. But Village increments the value so you can play the actions after you finish playing the Village, as opposed to being forced to play them immediately. Similarly, buying a card costs a buy and a specific number of coins. If you've played actions that gave you +1 buy and +5 coins in total, and you have a Silver, you can afford to buy up to 2 cards worth up to 7 coins. 
2011	boardgames	 Disclaimer: We've never played with the auctions at home. What I'm saying comes from experience with auctions in other games. In my experience most unregulated auctions drag on with people outbidding each other with minimal increases. The minimum bid usually isn't much of an issue. If people want the item then the price will quickly rise to a certain level. I'd suggest to use the "no house" or "one house" rent (or so) as the minimum raise amount for each auction. That also has the advantage of scaling with the value of the property. As for a minimum opening bid I'd rather go with the mortage value than the face value. 
2013	boardgames	 Instead of going on to list one game after another I'll try to find some common points to help you out. I'd say there are three main factors in what might put off less hard-core gamers: Upfront intimidation (should resolve during first game) Continuous complexity (remains an issue indefinitely) "Obscure effects" (should resolve after one or two games) "Puerto Rico" is a good example of "Upfront intimidation". If you take the time to read the rulebook upfront that's gonna be a huge time investment. For many casual players that might be intimidating having to remember all of it. Having "Lots of bits and pieces" also falls into this category. For some that's a turn on for other's not so much. "Agricola" is much faster to explain upfront but much more complex during gameplay. Handling all those bits and pieces, making sound decisions and trying to form some semblance of a strategy challenged me big time even after several solo games. There are so many different aspects to keep track of, that it requires a lot of concentration. "El Grande" would be a good example for what I classified as "obscure effects" (to your choices). The game does not have much of upfront reading nor too many continuous choices. The problem is that it usually takes a few turns before your choices have their effect on your score. Some players don't really mind playing along and waiting to see what they get but others will find it frustrating. Especially in the beginning. This is something you can only find out through reviews or first hand experience. Boiling it down to a few signs to watch out for: Avoid games that... have lots of material. (The more abstract the material the worse it is) take close to or more than 90 minutes. (Anything above that is either complex or boring) 
2014	boardgames	 In my solo campaign I played the "Home teacher" (The card that shows Obi Wan) and chose that as my first fixed profession for the following rounds. The card says something like: At the end of the game you receive one bonus point for every profession you play after this one. 1 In the second game when I already have the teacher laying on the table and choose profession. Is that profession free or does it cost 1 food? 2 Also from the third game on I had the Teacher and other professions laying on the table from the start. Do all these professions give bonus points at the end or just the ones I actually play in that round? 
2015	boardgames	 Axis &amp; Allies The 30mins+ Axis &amp; Allies takes to set up the hundreds of peices would switch most people off - even before you get into the convoluted turn process and thick rule book. 
2017	boardgames	 Yes, you need to pay 1 food for your second occupation. Note that the action space on the board reads: A player's first occupation is free, each additional one costs 1 food It doesn't say anything like "first occupation played from your hand" or anything like that. Yes, you get bonus points for any occupation played after the Home Teacher . Per the solo rules, you choose the occupations as you play them. There is an implied ordering, just make sure you chose the Home Teacher first! 
2018	boardgames	 Having just recently completed our first full game of Puerto Rico I have a fresh perspective on this. Previously we only played about an hour into the game. This time we had one new player and she came second place with 1 point behind and 10+ points ahead of the rest. All in all the individual parts of the game are not that difficult to learn . The manual is very good and with Scott's video you get a good overview on how to get points. However as others told you already the game is difficult to master . There are a lot of options and it requires some experience to not make too many mistakes. Contrary to what some commenter said, the game is [or at least can be] very unforgiving for its length. A few bad choices early on coupled with some bad luck can essentially ruin you. To realize that you've doomed yourself to last place and then having to play the remaining 1.5 hours can really hurt! Thus I strongly support Codemwnci's suggestion of playing some sample rounds (~5) before you go for the full game. Important points to pass on to new players: You win through shipping goods and constructing buildings. Know exactly under what circumstances the game ends. Keep your options open. Make sure that you can profit from most roles even (perhaps even especially) when someone else picks it. Do not neglect your cash flow. What killed me in our game was cash. I ran out of it in the first or second round and had to pass up three or four building phases. After that everyone had such a big advantage over me that I was never able to catch up again. 
2019	boardgames	 I don't think the game is that complex. I do think, from personal experience, that it's a tough game for newbies because they can get screwed over pretty easily. When I first started playing Puerto Rico I was regularly reduced to despair by watching my hard-accumulated goods rot away on the pier. Until you've played a few times and have a feel for how the timings work, you'll have to be supernaturally smart to see this kind of thing coming. Many less hardcore gamers don't like this "school of hard knocks" route to success and will give up before they get there. I've also always found that the buildings - which, let's not forget, are a bunch of nearly identical purple squares covered with tiny text - are impossible to "grok" the first time around. Again, you have to have played the game a bit before their differences and uses become anywhere near obvious, and it takes some stamina to get that far. In addition, I've heard tell that experienced players get very frustrated with having newbies at the table... because in Puerto Rico you can get such huge advantages from the person sitting next to you producing goods at an opportune time for you, someone acting cluelessly can create a huge swing in the power balance of the game. So not only is the game not much fun for the hapless newbie, it may also be not that much fun for those trying to teach the game to beginners! But after all that doomsaying, I do have to say that Puerto Rico is well worth it once everyone gets the hang of it. I'd just recommend building up to this level of Eurogame (pretty much the top tier, eh?) in incremental steps, so no one's head explodes from coming to it direct from The Game of Life :D 
2020	boardgames	 Civilization (or Advanced Civilization). It takes at least 30 min just to explain the framework of the rules. Then more time to explain all the details of the different advanced and calamities if you want to explain those upfront. (I usually leave those until later). And it can take many hours to play a complete game. The Advanced version actually is easier for non-hardcore gamers, because the changed rules make it easier to play a shortened version of the game. But even then, it has a very high time-cost of new players. 
2021	boardgames	 Dominion (2-4 players, 30-minutes) is a card game where each player starts with a small identical deck. Each game, 10 kingdom cards (most commonly actions, but sometimes extra treasure and victory cards) are selected to be available for purchase. Dominion won the Spiel des Jahres prize in 2009. The original Dominion set (released in 2008) contains 25 kingdom cards, allowing for 3,267,860 possible unique combinations. Many expansions are available (see below), greatly increasing the total number of kingdom cards available, and making the number of possible games astronomical. When compared to the expansions, the kingdom cards in the base set are noticeably straightforward; it's a very good set for introducing new players to the game. To play, the "base cards" are needed. These consist of the basic treasure and victory cards, and are included in the base game (Dominion) and in the Intrigue expansion, or they can be purchased separately as "Dominion Base Cards". All other expansions require the base cards to play. Typical Questions and Tag Use The dominion tag should be used for all Dominion-related questions, though if your question features elements from one of the expansions it's nice to add that tag as well. We welcome general and specific strategy questions, probability and statistical questions, accessory and storage questions and, of course, rules questions. (The Dominion rulebooks are extraordinarily comprehensive. For questions regarding how cards interact, if you can, check the individual card entries in the appropriate rulebook(s) and you'll probably find your answer there.) The Dominion community on this site is quite active. We invite new users to browse old questions and, if you think something has been missed, add a new answer! Expansions There are many expansions for Dominion. You can find content related to each of them through their tags: dominion-intrigue dominion-seaside dominion-alchemy dominion-prosperity dominion-promotional dominion-cornucopia dominion-hinterlands dominion-dark-ages dominion-adventures dominion-empires dominion-nocturne Useful Links Official Webpage at Rio Grande Games Game Rules Dominion Visual Spoilers Dominion Card Randomizer 
2022	boardgames	Dominion (2-4 players, 30-minutes) is a card game where players start with small identical decks. They then transform their deck into victory-point producing machines as efficiently as possible by buying more cards. Each game, 10 kingdom cards (most commonly actions, but sometimes extra treasure and victory cards) are selected to be available for purchase.
2024	boardgames	 One of my friends and I often play Agricola, and he's considerably better than me at it - I'm getting better, but he seems to be advancing at a faster rate, and it's getting to the point that although I like playing the game I'm finding it less fun to be constantly losing. Are there any good ways of creating some custom/'house' rules to disadvantage him slightly, so that we're a little more even? I don't want to make it impossible for him to win, or to make it too easy for me. (I know the purists out there will think this abhorrent, but hey, the goal is to have fun right?) 
2025	boardgames	 We recently played a game of Settlers of Catan where for the first 3 rounds none of us got any brick at all, so there was no road construction at all and it dragged a little. I'm not looking to reduce the randomness, but a slight alteration of the game setup could probably do the trick. Here's what I've thought of: Give players more starting resources. If everyone began with 2 of everything things could get going faster. give everyone an extra free road at the beginning. Are there any other good ways to give Catan a bit more of a jump start? I find if one player gets a slow start in the beginning (like no brick) they can get screwed for most of the game. Different players being strong in different resources is core to the entire game, but a tiny early lack of wood can make one player suffer through the entire thing. 
2026	boardgames	 Suggestion I'd start you with one to three "traveling worker" tokens. Once per turn, when it's your turn to place a family member, you can place a traveling worker token instead of a member of your family (ie: You get to occupy and take an extra action.). The traveling worker goes away at the end of the turn you used it. You never have to feed your traveling worker tokens. Functionally, traveling workers are members of your family that you can use one time, and you never have to feed. Why? Each traveling worker gives you two distinct advantages: It gives you an extra action, and it (may) block an action that your friend could have taken. Agricola is all about efficient use of actions (and selecting the right things to purchase (and getting good combos)). Traveling workers give you a little leeway. Tweaking Adjust the number of traveling workers you start the game with until the games feel "right". Given your description, I suspect that two traveling workers will do the trick. If giving you traveling workers is so powerful that you win all the time, even with just one traveling worker, add a cost in food to using the traveling worker (like one resource unit). 
2027	boardgames	 A variant on your, "give players more starting resources" idea: After each player gets his or her starting resources, let each player take one (or two) resource(s) of his or her choice. That way, each player can assess what he or she is "short" in and fill that gap (albeit temporarily). Another option that you can use with, or instead of, the above: Start with the robber off the board entirely. The first time a seven is rolled, put the robber in the desert. From that point on, sevens have their normal effect. This will give players more of a chance to shrink their hands of resources before getting zapped by the robber, and will keep the robber off the board longer, enabling the towns and cities to produce more resources. 
2028	boardgames	 Don't forget, you get a resource card for each resource you touch when you place your second settlement. If you're still finding things going slow, here's some random ideas you can use: For each player, remove a Year of Plenty or Road Building card from the deck, shuffle them up, and deal one to each player. That should get things really going. Give each player one extra road as suggested. Let each player pick one extra resource when starting. NEW - The first time any player rolls a 7 (i.e. this will only happen once), after placing the thief the player has the option of taking a resource from the pile matching the tile they just played the thief on instead of taking a resource from a player (yes, it rewards a little bit of luck, but it also softens the blow of the first thief a little). NEW - The first time each player rolls the dice in the game, if they get any resources, they may take one extra of a resource they just received. 
2029	boardgames	 A while back some friends and I had played a few long, boring games of Monopoly in a row. Before we gave up on the game entirely we decided to try one more game with strict adherence to the rules. Not only was the game fun, but it was over in 45 minutes. Two common house rules break the game in the following ways: Free parking money (free $500 and/or using it to collect and redistribute fine revenue are popular alternatives) leads to inflation in the same way it does in a real economy; except that in Monopoly prices are fixed which leads to a shortage of property/improvements because everyone can typically afford anything they want. Without free money it's easy to over-extend buying property or hotels and go bankrupt. Too much money eliminates the tension between cash flow and assets. Trying to walk that balance is part of the fun. No auctions. Development is the key to victory, but development requires monopolies, and monopolies require property to be bought from the bank. Actually having to land on all two or three tracts in a single group is statistically unlikely; this extends games as people try in vain to hit that last property. It also means more trips around Go before the development phase of the game starts: more Go means inflation (see #1). The best house rules are no house rules, both because they break the game and because the easiest set of rules to explain are the ones that are already written down in black and white. If they don't know what they are they can read the book. It's also worth a quick comment that strict rules mean auctions and no cash in Free Parking. 
2030	boardgames	 Axis and Allies Chess Years ago there used to be whole websites devoted to describing the rules to Axis and Allies chess, which is a no-luck version of the popular board game, but Google seems unable to find the rule set I remember, which I think was originally developed by the A&amp;A club at MIT. The basic modification from the standard game is to replace rolling with a deterministic combat model. The standard model is to roll one die per unit and score hits against a unit specific threshold (i.e. an attacking tank hits on a 3+). In A&amp;A Chess, the attacking or defending values are summed and divided by 6. Remainders of 4 or less are discarded and remainders of 5 or considered hits. For example, four attacking infantry can't do any damage, but two tanks result in one casualty. Although theoretically this model would enable a player to work out a complex combat round in their head, this is impractical: first, it's too much math to keep in your head for multi-round combat; second, you don't know how the enemy will respond to taking casualties and/or if they will retreat (if attacking). Anti-aircraft guns are resolved by the same rules: meaning an AA gun is ineffective against 4 or less aircraft attacking at once, but will automatically record (at least) one hit against 5 or more. Typically chess does away with tech research, but it would be easy to set a price for each technology. 
2031	boardgames	 How about practicing and getting some revenge? Steps for Revenge Visit play-agricola.com . Play a couple games solo to get the hang of the interface Advertise in the public chat channel that you are a beginner looking for a game Play five games or so I'll bet you can now beat your friend. It worked for me, and I wasn't even purposely trying to get better. By exposing yourself to different folks with different strategies, you will escalate your game play rapidly. You can also learn by watching some games, those folks are really good over there! 
2032	boardgames	 One Hit Infantry For advanced players, the overarching strategy of A&amp;A reduces to the infantry push mechanic as described in Don Rae's excellent essays --this is especially true for 2nd edition games, which have 3/2 tanks vice 3/3 tanks. The essence of the IPM is that Germany and Russia should buy only infantry until the late game, after they have fortified their borders with infantry and established dead zones in Eastern Europe. The US, UK and Japan also play IPM, but after a short delay to build navies and/or factories to move/spawn all this infantry. IPM works because the opportunity cost of all units is higher than infantry's (i.e. infantry are the cheapest unit in the game and are twice as effective on defense as they are on offense). Cheap means they are the only units you can ever afford to leave in a dead zone (i.e. open to counterattack by a superior force). Their effective defense means they are most valuable in large stacks that can devastate an attacking force with insufficient "cannon fodder". Don suggests a brilliant and simple solution to the stalemated and long-developing game common between experienced players utilizing IPM: modify infantry so that they attack and defend on a roll of 1+. This change takes some getting use to, but after only a game or two becomes second nature and dramatically changes the game for the better. What was once a defensive stalemate becomes a furor of attack and counter attack. 1/1 infantry means a one-on-one combat between two lone infantry becomes a fair fight, it means any additional attacking force is statistically overwhelming, and it means infantry alone defend so poorly as to be almost useless. All of these factors bias the game just enough in favor of the attacker to prevent large stacks of infantry from materializing. This change also makes a fighter-only vs. infantry attack feasible since the odds that the infantry will score a lucky hit have been cut in half. Beyond the traditional sitting around a table method you can try out this variation on the computer if you are lucky enough to have a copy of the out-of-print Iron Blitz (you can edit the infantry attack/defense values); it's also trivially easy to implement if you play-by-email. 
2033	boardgames	 Take India / Fortress Manchuria My response to this strategy is based on the 2nd edition map and is fairly simple. Move everything from Burma into India. This move have two purposes: first, it ensures you can hold India from a 2 inf + 1 fighter counter attack from Sinkiang and prevent the UK Indian factory; second, it leaves Burma enticingly open--you want the US or UK to take the bait and move a single inf there. (more on this in a minute). Use the two transports to drop 4 infantry in either Burma or Manchuria. Manchuria is the preferred location, but your ability to do this depends on how much counter attack capability Russia has nearby. If you can hold Manchuria against the potential triple attack from the US, Russian and the UK--where hold means losing infantry is fine but losing aircraft is not--then land there. You should land with 4 inf and all your airpower that can't participate in Pearl Harbor. If playing with 2-hit battleships (a good rule mod that helps to balance out things for the axis), you can probably even land an additional fighter in Manchuria. Kwangbang also means I use a transport and infantry strategy as Japan instead of a factory and tank strategy. The reason for this is two fold. First, a factory in Burma or Manchuria could potentially be captured (even though you're bracing against it, why take the risk). Second, you want the flexibility of the transports on turn 2. On your next turn, your large transport fleet can attack Burma (with Indian support) or Kwangtung with Burma or Manchuria support. Once the ships and fighters get back from Pearl on turn 3 you can use the battle ships and fighters to ensure you own everything on the coast. The reason you want to entice them to take Burma is for them to divide their limited and irreplaceable defensive forces where you can pick them off and/or take them with overwhelming force. So the Kwangbang has perhaps cost you a turn of early expansion but the cost was completely forgoing the most effective UK strategy: the Indian factory. It looks good early, but you're in the game for the long-haul (especially if you understand the infantry push mechanic ) and this early advantage is not worth the fact that it cedes control of Asia to Japan after the 3rd turn. Another advantage of using transports vice factories is that when you find yourself with a spare transport it can be used to harvest free infantry from the South Pacific islands and use them to take African territory, New Zealand, and with the support of a soon-to-be useless battleship or two even defended islands like Australia. Don't underestimate the value of 1 or 2 IPC territories integrated over several turns in the mid game. 
2034	boardgames	 No, because in hearts there is private knowledge The answer to this question is a categorical no. Having a perfect memory of cards that have been played and in what order is insufficient to guarantee optimal play, and we can say this without even having to define optimal play. On the first turn of the game, you have limited knowledge of how the cards have been distributed. You know about the cards in your hand and those you've passed (if applicable), and you can potentially infer something from the cards you've received. But that's only 16 cards out of 52 and you don't know how the remaining cards are distributed. This private knowledge means there is no deterministically optimal play; you don't have enough information to know what move is always best. Even given a stochastic play model (where you're looking for the play most likely to give you the best results) it is possible for two different distributions of the hidden cards to suggest different plays, which means the hypothesized algorithm must make a random selection. I'll prove the point with an obvious example: the first play of the first round. Since the scores are tied at zero, a good definition of optimal play is to get the lowest score in the round. If you had only three clubs in your hand, the Ace, a fairly high card and a low rank card, a typical play in the first round is to play the Ace and take the trick and then to lead the higher card to burn it before playing the low ranking card or switching suits. Given a fairly nominal distribution of clubs, the odds of someone being out of clubs on the second round (so they can sluff a heart or the Queen) AND someone else not playing a higher club are not insignificant but low and usually worth the risk. If you had perfect knowledge however the right play would be obvious, but without perfect knowledge the right play depends on knowledge you don't have. So no, the fact that there is private knowledge in hearts means that even with a perfect memory you cannot always guarantee optimal play. 
2036	boardgames	 The first of a pair, or the middle card of a run The key strategy to take away is that in the play you're trying to trap or entice the other player into playing something that might give them points but sets you up to get more, or you're trying to increase the number of cards they can play that will enable you to respond with a scoring play. For example: If I have a pair, I typically lead with one of them. You're hoping to entice the other player to play a pair-for-two so you can turn around and play triples for 6. An obvious exception is starting with a 5, as you're asking for them to take 15-2. Starting with a 10 is less risky as there are only four 5s in the deck but many 10-value cards. The probability of the opponent getting dealt exactly 1 of the other cards of my pair is 23% (in their opening hand, they could have dumped it to the crib), while the probability of the opponent having both of the other cards of my pair is less than 1%. If I have a run I'll also often play the middle card. That gives me run-for-3 options if they play any one of four cards, the two ranks below and the two ranks above what I played. For example, if I have 6, 7, and 8 I'll play the 7. If they play 6 and I can play 8 run-for-3; 5 I play 6, 8 I play 6 and 9 I play 8. This particular run also had the advantage of trapping them into playing the 8 to get 15-2, where you can answer with a run-for-three. I know it's only a one point advantage, but I've won many a game by one point. Of course if you have 6-7-7-8 then you can do both strategies simultaneously and you're really set, both for the play and for the killer hand you're about to lay down during the show. :) Appendix : To compute the probability of my opponent getting dealt exactly 1 of the other 2 cards of my pair is (in octave or matlab code): The probability of getting dealt both of the remaining cards is: 
2037	boardgames	 DVONN I haven't played the other Project GIPF games, but DVONN reminds me of a variation of chinese checkers -- but each time you move a piece, you affect how it can later move. You also sometimes sacrifice some of your pieces to take out the opponents pieces by disconnecting from the red DVONN pieces. Um ... this explanation is probably more confusing than helping make the case, though. 
2039	boardgames	 Play an open game If your friend is willing, why not play a completely open game? All players show all of their cards and explain why they're taking each action. If your friend really is significantly better, you could learn a lot by discovering why he makes certain moves. Perhaps there's some critical flaw in your strategy that's preventing you from scoring enough points to be competitive. 
2040	boardgames	 When I play I assign roles to each player, the upkeep phase is quite a daunting thing especially when you have rumors in play. If each person has a little task to worry about then it'll move things along faster and no one is waiting for one person to figure out everything that needs to happen on the upkeep. Also I second the "reading the cards to yourself". It kind of loses some of the flavor of the game, but some corners need to be cut. 
2041	boardgames	 Draft Occupations/Minor Improvements The Family version of Agricola is a game of very low randomness. If one player is consistently beating another, then the second player will just have to step up their game, there isn't really any satisfactory way around that! Maybe I am a purist. However! The full game, with the occupation and minor improvement cards, allows for games where one player is significantly advantaged over another: some cards, occupations especially, are just better than other cards. So here's what I'd recommend, to give you a headstart on your opponent: deal two piles of 7 occupations, and then you pick the best one from BOTH piles. Your opponent picks one from each pile, then back to you, until you have seven each. Do the same for minor improvements. (If your opponent really is thrashing you, maybe even pick two at a time instead!) When you have great cards and your opponent has mediocre ones, it will be much more of an uphill struggle for him to beat you. And now you are playing a game of Agricola that could have been created by the luck of the draw - you don't have to make a new game that's Agricola in name only, and the purists remain mostly unirked :D 
2042	boardgames	 Forbid the strong player from taking the First Player action. It's not terribly awkward to implement, and if you always get to choose the first action of the round you'll have a really significant advantage. In a multi-player game he could always play last regardless of the start player marker, but that's likely too much of a disadvantage. 
2043	boardgames	 So I've been noticing that there's a vogue in gaming recently for the starting player to be chosen by some method other than simple lot. I'm wondering if this is a good fashion, or if it's just getting silly. Here's a representative list of some of the starting-player-choosing mechanism I can think of off the top of my head: Youngest player first (e.g. St Petersburg) Player with the longest beard first (Once Upon A Time) Player with the pointiest ears (Small World) Most well-travelled player (Ticket To Ride) Nicest player (Dungeon Lords) Player who lives closest to water (Le Havre) Others can probably add a few examples of their own. My question is: are any of these actually superior, on a long-term basis, to just choosing at random? I do like "youngest player first" in games where the first player has an advantage, on the assumption that if you're playing with children it's nice to give them a little help - but on the other hand, if the youngest player at your table is in their 30s and a boardgames fanatic, the rule may end up hurting more than it helps. Likewise, in Ticket To Ride the "best travelled-player" is charming to start with, but can get annoying as the same person who spent 3 months seeing Europe by train goes first forever. And this is before we get onto largely subjective quantities like ear-pointiness and niceness (in all fairness to Dungeon Lords, I think that's a joke and really you're meant to end up choosing the start player randomly). Are these rules mostly just there to be cute - and quickly ignored - or should be follow them religiously? As a corollary question, are there any games that vary the starting player by means other than pure randomness? (I suddenly remember Gloom, where the player who's having the worst day goes first; but again this is really subjective.) Also, are there any games that have rules for fairly assigning seating order - since in some games sitting "upstream" of the correct player can be even more important than who goes first? 
2044	boardgames	 We always use our own method of choosing the starting player, regardless of what the rules say. To take your point about youngest player, I am 30, and the youngest player in our group, yet I probably have the highest win ratio. So, this would be unfair where the first player has an advantage. Our method is simple, we roll a die. If we can't find a die, we take all the players' victory point piece, or worker (anything to identify the players colour), and throw it across the board. The furthest away from the thrower goes last, the closest first. Simple, easy and fair. Of your list, I have only player Ticket to Ride and Le Havre, but we have never used most well travelled and lives closest to water (again I fear I would come first in these as well). 
2045	boardgames	 Another thing that I've done in the past is to cap time per turn (no, this doesn't help with the resources issue) to, say, 180 seconds (ie 3 minutes). Most players (other than stark newbies) will be thinking on the other players' time, so limiting them to 3 minutes should help a lot. 
2046	boardgames	 It should be mentioned that the base game and Seafarers feel more like Monopoly (a family-friendly game of building and trading), while Cities and Knights feels more like Risk (even deeper strategy, and very cut-throat). I would not call Cities and Knights family-friendly at all - you get a lot of cards, and every other card (it feels like) is a "screw-someone-else-over" card. 
2047	boardgames	 Dominion has the "player sitting to the left of the player who won the previous game" mechanic. Since play passes to the left, this means the person who won the previous game goes last. This also means every other player has a chance (on turn 3) to play attack cards before the player who won previously. Or to buy up the last copies of a popular card (Lighthouse, Moat). 
2048	boardgames	 Actions add to your action total, but you do not play actions immediately. Having said that, there are 3 cards that do cause immediate other actions: Golem forces you to play the other two action cards you turn up immediately, but you choose the order. Throne Room causes you to play another action from your hand twice. King's Court causes you to play another action from your hand three times. There are also 2 cards that play coin cards immediately: You don't have a choice whether or not to play the next coin card you turn up. As soon as you play Venture, the top coin from your deck will be played, even if it is a Loan, Contraband, or Bank that you'd rather save until later. A promo card. When you play Black Market, you can choose to play some or all of the coin cards in your hand. 
2049	boardgames	 I've seen at least one more rule which actually works well. Gold Mine-&gt; Player who is most excited to play goes first. But in general, I just pick a way, dice roll or similar. The alternative methods aren't really random, I'd say they are there for entertainment in rules, and perhaps for playing for the first time or two, but not for long term use. 
2050	boardgames	 I'm wondering, what are some good games for mixed gamer/non-gamer parties? I've had good luck with some light strategy games in the past, but nothing too serious. What's good, quick, and can easily incorporate a lot of people? 
2051	boardgames	 Assuming you don't want something that is fun for gamers and non-gamers alike, but doesn't really count as a strategy game (Apples to Apples? Dixit?)... 7 Wonders I got "7 Wonders" for Christmas, it's pretty light as strategy games go and has an easy theme that anyone who's heard of the computer game Civilization will quickly comprehend and enjoy. It takes up to 7 players, as the name might suggest, and only lasts half an hour per game. Each player only has to interact with their left- and right-hand neighbours so it's not too intimidating; and you have the choice of either cooperating with neighbours (buying their stuff, while they buy yours in return) or amassing superior military force, so it should appeal to most temperaments! I haven't actually tried it with non-gamers, but it strikes me that it would be a perfect "gateway game", while simultaneously accommodating a pretty large group. Could be worth a try! 
2052	boardgames	 Bang Fast, not too complex, contains casual violence towards your fellow partygoers. (Cash and Guns works well for the same reasons.) 
2053	boardgames	 Chrononauts is one answer to your corollary question. This is a pseudo-random start: first player is whoever guesses the time at a given mark most accurately. This varies the player, but is definitely not purely random. Good time sense is an advantage. (Fair enough, in a time travel game.) 
2054	boardgames	 Ingenious Always a solid simple abstract strategy game; allows 2–4 equally well and has that useful party property of being easily taught by someone who only just learned it themselves. 
2055	boardgames	 We use Start Player every time. That gives us the fun and twisted subjective criteria that is such a blast to work out, but also injects the truly random so that no one player continuously gets picked as the starting player for any particular game. Plus, the cards are hilarious! It is the best of both worlds. 
2056	boardgames	 Wits and Wagers It's like a fun version of Trivial Pursuit, only everyone guesses the answer and you get to bet on the right one. Straightforward, and good for parties. 
2057	boardgames	 I'll go first . The game's all set up, people are chatting about random things, and when nobody's looking, you decide to go first. I play in a somewhat casual group, and it's surprising how well this works. No dice to roll, no questions to ask, just go. If you don't like it, then you can go first next time. ;-) 
2058	boardgames	 It seems you're arguing against both subjective criteria and also randomness. I seems in this case that you want some objective criteria. If the game doesn't provide for such a thing you can use one among the your gaming group. An obvious one is simply board gaming experience * experience with this board game. It's generally easy to determine who's the best board gamer, and who's played the most. In games with a first-turn advantage (an unbalanced game IMHO), just go in increasing order of experience. To answer the other part of your question, the theme-based go-first do add to the game experience, but yes, they're meant to be thrown out when they get old. Perhaps the best method I've seen to balance starting player is when the game provides a mechanism to determine this in-game as a tactical decision. For example, Innovation has players simultaneously reveal a hard from their hand, and first alphabetically goes first. This allows one to decide between the card they want to play, and the less desirable card that will allow the first turn. 
2059	boardgames	 Here's a few I pull out at parties: Bonanza Kill Dr. Lucky Unexploded Cow Hey That's My Fish! Blockus 
2060	boardgames	 For games where being the starting player matters I favor plain an simple randomness. The "youngest player" rule is cute when you're 8. It's not so cute when you're 18 and have a twin was born half a minute after you. And at 28 it starts to get really silly. As for upstream advantage, that's actually a pretty common effect. If this a serious problem in your group you'll have to find a solution for it outside the printed rules. Remember those are only suggestions. The only important thing is that everyone plays by the same rules... But there are a few games with an interesting spin on this El Grande Who's the starting player at the beginning of the game is largely irrelevant because it changes in every turn. Every player has a stack of cards numbered from 1 to 13. Once you've used a card you can't use it again. The starting player chooses a card first and then it goes around the table. The higher the number you played the sooner you get your turn. The lower the number you played the more cubes you get to play with. And the player with the lowest card becomes starting player in the next turn. Mesopotamia Everyone except the last player gets a disadvantage during their first turn. After that it's just one player after another and who went first is no longer important. 
2061	boardgames	 There are of course different definitions of light strategy games, so I will just mention some games, which I have introduced to nongamers in parties, and which have been interesting both for them as well as more experienced gamers (in random order). Games which can be explained in 5 min Small pure card games: Saboteur : 3-10 players, 30 min 6 Nimmt! or Category 5 : 2-10 players, 45 min (usually less) Coloretto : 2-5 players, 30 min (this one I really like despite its simple rules) Cards and some bits: Citadels : 2-7(8 with usually included expansion) players, 60 min - this one is a must have DiXit : 3-6 players, 30 min - almost no strategy but very good and can be easily played with upt to 8 players even using just the expansion and writing points down on a paper Abstract: Rumis(+) : 2-4(6 with expansion) players, 45 min Blokus : 1-4 players, 20 min Other: Ca$h'n Gun$ : 4-6 players, 30 min Fast food or any other reaction game like Halli Galli , jugle speed are all around 2(3)-6(8) players and 10-15min Roll through the ages: the bronze age : 1-4 players, 30 min (this is a nice gem, also pure gamers love it, and when you have taught all others some games and don't have anything to do, you can play it by yourself ;)) Games, that require a little longer explanation, but are still manageable Bohnanza : 2-7 players, 45 min. Even though this is an easy game, explaining it always takes me more time than I like Bang! : 4-7 players, 30 min. This one is really good for more players, but explanation takes some time. Can be modified so, that healing beer cards make the player drink a tequila shot ;) Dominion : 2-4 players, 30 min. Everybody loves this one, and it can be played as fast filler. Just don't overdose with expansions in the first session. If you have an expansion, you can run more than one parallel game. Agricola (Family version) : 1-5 players, 120 min. If you are really adventurous explainer and have longer time to kill in a small party, this actually can work really well. My nongaming in-laws understood the family version on ~10 min and really liked it (even though their score wasn't great) 7 wonders : 2-7 players, 30 min. As previously mentioned it might look intimidating, but is easily explained and a fast game. In my opinion one of the most important things for a game to be successful with non-gamers and casual gamers is the capability of "getting in the game fast" - you must generalize the important rules and guidelines and delve into details as you go. If you do so, and the game is not a total brain burner and doesn't exceed some 2h, you will be able to play almost any game with nongamers. Basically: Persuade them, how cool the game is Don't scare them away before they get into it Also, a good advice by Tynam - with some exceptions, like bang and saboteur, try to split the group in several smaller gaming sessions with similar expected game time, so they can mix the games during the evening. Edit: Added hyperlinks as promised 
2062	boardgames	 To answer your question, I don't like the non-random first player choices, because they either Make the same person go first over and over again Or the method it self has to be chosen at random, and in this case it is just a longer random choice Our method of choice (it doesn't require any props and is quite fast): Everyone at the same time "throws" 0-5 fingers on their hands. The number of fingers is summed up and counted in clockwise direction starting from previously chosen player (usually the one owning the game). The player on which the last count lands is the first player. This method depends on random choices of all players so is quite random and quite unbiased. It replaces such mechanisms as "rock,paper,schissors" which have the disadvantage of possible ties. 
2063	boardgames	 This is more a question for the big games with a lot of investigators. A few non-critical tokens seem to be able to run out, and I can't find anything about those specific tokens in the rules. Do you just rip a piece of paper and create a clue token or are they out when out? I do know some of the tokens (like portals) awaken the Ancient One when they run out, but for the others there are no mentions in the rules (or I'm just missing them) about what to do when there are none left in the box. In an 8 player game I've had this problem with Clue, Stamina, Sanity, Money and Explored (those you get once coming back from a portal) tokens. I don't believe the intention is to get sucked back into the portal just because there are no tokens left, but I might be wrong. Any ideas about official rulings in these cases? 
2064	boardgames	 Martian Chess is another Icehouse game with no element of luck. It's not as deep as some of the other assorted games mentioned, but since I prefer light games that doesn't bother me. ;) 
2065	boardgames	 There are many games that have just a tiny bit of luck, but zero-luck games are hard to come by (most are probably already listed here). I wouldn't be so quick to label games as no-luck just because they have no dice or cards though. If a game is more than 2 players, one player could wind up benefiting greatly if the actions of other players are not focused at them. For instance, if Players 1 &amp; 2 wind up ganging up on Player 3, they could create a runaway leader in Player 4. Would you say Player 4 was the benefit of some luck, having not been chosen as the target of these attacks? Or would you say then simply made their obvious optimal moves in the face of unskilled play by Players 1 &amp; 2? I view the actions of an unskilled player as an element of luck, since at times they could be making decisions seemingly on a random basis. 
2067	boardgames	 Do you play with the Farmers of the Moor expansion? I've been finding, with that in the mix, that the Forester's Lodge is pretty amazing, definitely a valid alternative to grabbing an early Fireplace. Played early it's a win-win Improvement: either it puts your Wood production into overdrive, or you get a ton of VPs for conserving Forest tiles on your board till the end of the game. The Peat-Charcoal Kiln might be similarly good in a game where Stone is available from Turn 1, but unfortunately I mostly play 2 player, so I don't see enough of those! In the standard game I agree with Pat that the 2-clay Fireplace is the best, but only if you can grab it straightaway and then be the first to grab and slaughter 4-5 sheep! It's not like it's much good later on, if you weren't the "early bird". Aside from that, see my comment on his answer. Don't underestimate the potential power of the Basketmaker's Workshop! 
2068	boardgames	 No Dice has no luck as one of it's selling points. 
2069	boardgames	 Mancala has no luck. Some might debate that if you are using irregular sized pieces and don't keep strict track of how many stones are in each space there is luck in picking the right space to "move". However I'm not sure that applies, as it is simply a matter of counting to keep track the quantities of stone and the entire game state... 
2070	boardgames	 My brother-in-law bought me Race For The Galaxy for Christmas so I've been playing a few games recently. Obviously we are nowhere near mastering it; but what I've been seeing in all of our scorelines so far is someone getting a ton of points off one or other of the 6-point developments, and running away with the victory. Personally I've been desperate to make a Produce-Consume strategy work, but so far I've had no luck at all. It just seems as though having the right 6-cost development and building as many things as possible mentioned on that card completely trumps getting an "engine". A few questions therefore occur. (1) Are 6-cost developments really this good? If I don't see a good one early, should I be Exploring +5 in a frantic attempt to find one? (2) If I'm just being generally incompetent, and I expect I am, what are some efficient strategies for competing with someone whose 6-cost development is going to earn them ~10 extra points at the end of the game, when I don't have one of my own? (3) What's the best way to get a really good Produce-Consume strategy working for you? I expect it only seems slow and clunky to me right now because I'm doing it wrong. Please help me to zoom ahead from last place in this Race! 
2071	boardgames	 I don't want to make this sound too much like an argument from authority, but I've won the WBC RftG tournament 3 years in a row. I also mantain the Race for the Galaxy Statistics page, which has some interesting play data on cards from 160,000 games played. (1) 6 devs are usually important for winning, but not required for doing so. I build at least one 6 dev in more than 80% of the games that I play. On the other hand, calling explore +5 early game isn't really a good move unless your whole hand is bad. It's better to establish card flow so that you can keep most of the (somewhat fewer) cards that you see, instead of repeatedly exploring, which will leave you poor. Repeatedly calling explore +5s leaves you too far on the quality over quantity spectrum. It's not very useful to have great cards that you can't afford to build. 6 devs, especially multiple 6 devs, aren't great to have very early in the game, because they soak up valuable hand space that you need to get your card engine going. (2) Produce/consume is indeed the most viable way to win the game without building a 6 dev. First, basic strategy. Early game you want to get card flow. The best way to do this is to settle a windfall world and trade off it. The second best way is to settle a production world, produce on it, and then trade. Windfall settle/trade is better than Production world settle/produce/trade because it is a turn faster. This is pretty general opening advice for any strategy. (3) The key to a produce/consume strategy is to build production worlds early . So ideally you want to settle/trade a windfall, and then call some mix of settle, trade, and produce. You want to avoid calling develop, which mostly fills up your tableau without increasing your production capacity, until you have at least 2 production worlds and a windfall. After this, you might want to dev once to put down an efficient consumer card. Mining Conglomerate, Diversified Economy and Consumer Markets are the best non-6 cost devs for consumption in the base game. Free Trade Association and Mining League are good 6-cost consumers. But you can likely use an opponent's develop, or settle worlds with consumption powers instead. Galactic Trendsetters, Tourist World, and Old Earth are the best worlds for consumption in the base game. You want to call trade rather than consume 2xVP until you can get at least 6 VP per consume 2xVP. Also important with a consume/produce engine is the ability to draw cards so that your engine doesn't stall as you are produce/consuming. It's especially good to have cards that draw on produce. This makes cards like Lost Species Ark World, Mining World, Comet Zone, and Gem World particularly good production worlds in the base game, as you can see at the graph on the base game rftgstats page . Addendum: How does this change for expansions? Produce/consume itself becomes marginally weaker in the expansions. With the card stats by game version animated graph , you can can see Galactic Trendsetters hastily moving left (less often played) and down (less winning when played), which is a bread and butter produce/consume world. This is due to two factors. The addition of goals, which give an extra point source that is mostly rewarded for building. P/C itself sometimes misses early builds to set up production capability. The second is the introduction of the card Improved Logistics, which lets players settle twice in a single settle phase. This card lets opponents quickly end the game, before a produce/consume player can get many cycles in. However, the card Alien Toy Shop by itself is a 4 VP/cycle engine, which helps P/C a bit. Still, the fundamentals for produce/consume are the same, but the fraction of times you want to produce/consume should decrease with the introduction of the first expansion. The expansions also introduce another viable way to win without building a 6 dev, the tableau rush. Since you can now get a substantial amount of points from goals, especially with the aid of improved logistics, you can grab a couple of goals and end the game really quickly with a middling score in the 30s. But remember, the game is not about scoring big, it's about scoring more than your opponents. 
2073	boardgames	 The group I play with uses a character called The Little Girl. She can peek each night at everyone else and see who the werewolves are, but if the werewolves spot her she's dead. It seems that in the right hands, this could be a hugely overpowered position. Anyone else use it? 
2074	boardgames	 Personally, my favorite expansion is Prosperity. My least favorite expansion is Alchemy. So, if I had to suggest an order, it would be: Prosperity, Dark Ages, Seaside, Intrigue, Hinterlands, Cornucopia, Guilds, Alchemy. Here are the major new things in each set: Intrigue New Mechanic: Multi-type cards (ex. Action &ndash; Victory) Actions tends to be more complicated than Base's actions Nastier attack cards Standalone (doesn't require Base) Emphasis on attacks and special actions Seaside New Mechanic: Durations (Multi-turn actions) New types of Attack cards Tokens and Mats for use with certain cards Emphasis on setting up your next turn Alchemy Smaller set (12 Kingdom cards instead of 25) New basic Treasure card: Potion, costs $4 worth 1p Powerful cards, but 10 of 12 take a Potion to buy Emphasis on extra actions/action chaining Prosperity New basic Treasure Card: Platinum, costs $9 worth $5 New basic Victory Card: Colony, costs $11 worth 10vp 8 Kingdom Treasure cards that act like actions when played during Buy phase New Victory tokens, worth 1vp or 5vp each Emphasis on treasure and victory points Cornucopia Smaller set (12 Kingdom cards instead of 25) Emphasis on Actions and Drawing cards Doesn't mix well with Prosperity Jester is the real star of this set as it lets you gain one of a card an opponent flips up. Hinterlands Several new Kingdom Victory cards with special effects New Mechanic: On gain, do X Emphasis on +Cards and gaining cards Puts a new twist on some existing card ideas (ex. Margrave instead of Militia) Dark Ages More new Kingdom cards than any other set Shelters provide an alternative to starting with 3 Estates New card type: Ruins. An action card that isn't very useful (brown border) Emphasis on giving other players junk and action chaining Guilds Smaller set (12 Kingdom cards instead of 25) New Mechanic: Coin tokens that you gain and can spend later Emphasis on trashing cards and gaining coin tokens 
2075	boardgames	 I agree with warren, I would suggest that faster turns in the first few rounds will solve your problem as each turn is only as slow as the people playing. Lack of resources is likely due to one of the following reasons: Map setup: Make sure the map is based on one of the balanced examples provided. There are examples of balanced maps available online, use these until you get more experience playing. Poor starting position selection: This comes down to experience, but having at least one square of brick in your starting 5/6 tiles is almost a necessity for new players. Crappy dice results: The only thing to do about this is just hurry up and take your turn and don't spend ages scanning the board. I like to play Catan online as it's a good adaption and here are some things that I found help speed up a game: Plan your turn when other people are playing theirs and try so you are ready to go when it's your turn. Try and pay attention to what resources other people have and where they are moving. Make the trading section ultra fast. Don't stare at your cards and think of the 100+ combinations you could possibly make if you just got that one card. Think about what you need and make your offer. If people don't have what you need or don't want to swap move on quickly. Get to know which numbers come up frequently, so don't place your villages next to brick with 10 or 12, if you can't get 6 or 8 move near to 5 or 9. And finally, one common rule is the friendly robber. Which means you can't place the robber on a tile next to the village of a player with less than 3 points. This will give players some breathing space, especially those who are struggling to start. 
2076	boardgames	 With playing a long board game you have the satisfaction of the endurance and outsmarting your opponents. It's a struggle and winning is the glory. When you play something like poker or Uno you are playing several games over and over again. When I play with friends we play with points or with poker chips and have either rewards or punishments to the winner or the loser. We try and avoid gambling with poker but this can result in people going all-in after less than 10 hands. Do you have any suggestions for how you spice up games like Uno and poker to make them interesting without resulting to gambling? 
2077	boardgames	 Chores When we went on holidays we'd often play card games in the evening to determine who had to get up in the morning to get fresh bread from the bakery. 
2078	boardgames	 I have mostly played the game with this character, almost never without, so I can't really compare. That being said, from our experience as a group, and from my personal experience of having been The Little Girl myself quite often, this character actually isn't all that powerful, and certainly not "hugely overpowered". Whether I have seen the wolves or not, I still have just one vote, and I still have to defend it against others' views (with 10-15 people, our group is rather large). Of course, I can always say "listen up, people, I am the Little Girl, so follow my advice", but a) people don't have to believe me, since b) I might actually be lying, and most importantly, c) the wolves will pay special attention to me from then on, and I'll probably get killed the very next night. Of course, The Little Girl does become quite powerful when she's also the Village Chief, but then again, so does pretty much any character. Besides, from our experience, a Village Chief is even more likely to get killed quickly. I would say the game is pretty well-balanced, actually. 
2079	boardgames	 You can play poker "without money" if you use chips. In order to give the chips value, you require that for anyone to "re-supply" their chips from the bank (that is, get more chips after losing all of theirs) they must perform some task; this can range from "Buy a round of beer" to "Is tasked with supplying the snacks next week" or whatever your group can come up with. 
2080	boardgames	 We've played a lot of Werewolf, both with and without the Little Girl. One thing we've done to make sure the Little Girl works properly is adjusting lines of sight. Before even handing out the roles, we make sure that everyone can easily look at everyone else's face. It sounds simple, but we've found that it makes the Little Girl much more cautious - and the Werewolves more attentive. 
2082	boardgames	 The Resistance Simple 5-10 player social game where a set number of people are spies infiltrating a group of resistance fighters. Brings out some of the witch hunt of Battlestar Galactica without all those pesky rules and components getting in the way. Plays fast. The recent printing has great quality components. 
2083	boardgames	 A couple roles we use: Vigilante - A villager who picks someone they think is a werewolf to kill each night. Can't be a werewolf. Can choose not to kill. Little Girl - Can peek out during the werewolf's turn at night and see who they are. If she is spotted by the wolves, she dies. Magician - Similar to the Seer, but where a seer can only query a player's role and get either is/is not a wolf, the magician can get role information about the player as well (for major roles we use; seer, healer, werewolf or villager, can be expanded with enough hand signs!) Cupid - In our version of cupid, the star-crossed lovers don't know each other. 
2084	boardgames	 I'm a little surprised that no-one has mentioned Werewolf yet. It's quick to explain, quick to set up, works best with a large (9+) number of players, requires nothing more than a Poker deck, can be played by gamers and non-gamers, and still plays well if the players in the game have a wide range of play-skills. 
2085	boardgames	 Others have answered how each expansion changes the game and what different behavior/strategies exist, so I'll comment on suggested order to buy expansions. Subjective/situational aspects I think it depends a lot on personal preference, whether you know anyone else with the game or intend to buy the game and how much money you want to spend. Personal preference I don't like Intrigue as much because I prefer peaceful games over attacking/defending, but there are some cards in Intrigue that I definitely would not want to miss out on! My wife likes Prosperity the most because she likes games to last longer (more base victory points available with colony added) and she tends to prefer big money strategies. Neither of us like Alchemy very much. If you are going to buy them all anyways then order of purchase may not matter in the end, but if you only want certain experiences then I suggest you read all the answers/tips/suggestions and familiarize yourself with the cards so you can carefully make your decision. Friends If you have a friend who enjoys playing base Dominion with you perhaps they might buy Intrigue so they will have a set of treasure/victory/curse cards themselves and then you could each decide who will buy the other expansions later. You can save money by ensuring you and your friends don't double up on games and expansions. If you are going over to someone else's home to play with them you won't need to carry as many boxes around and vice versa. Cost Can you afford to buy them all? Do you want to buy them all? Your choice of expansions may be very situational... When everything is said and done... There are great cards in each set and the game has evolved over time so if you're going to buy them all why not buy them in the order they were released? That's what we did and I don't have any complaints, in fact I've enjoyed every minute of our experience with Dominion! :) 
2086	boardgames	 Pool the Winnings I just remembered something my parents did with Canasta. Instead of the looser paying the winner the looser paid into a pool. When the pool would grow large enough they'd spend it on holidays or something else they both liked. So if you're playing in fixed group that might be an interesting alternative. If your group consists of different people all the time then they might not like that idea so much. 
2087	boardgames	 There is no poker without gambling I haven't played Uno in ages, but perhaps the most fundamental mechanic in poker is the gambling. There is a modicum of skill in games like 5-card draw, where at least the player has a choice of what cards to discard, but in the most popular poker games, like Texas Hold'em or 5- and 7-card stud, the best hand is deterministic (slightly over-simplified because the way the cards get distributed is obviously modified as people fold, but given that no one knows what the next cards are poker is still effectively deterministic). Poker is only fun because although the best hand is fait accompli to an omniscient observer the winner is not; players can only know and play the odds of what's to come, which they do with their bets. It is the betting and the concomitant broadcast of information (or mis-information) to the other players that makes the game, and without it Poker is like war (the card came) for adults: rote and pointless. Now the "chips" don't have to be money, as others have suggested, but they do have to have real value. Just playing with a stack of chips that hold no actual value to the players is meaningless because there's no disincentive to call every raise, which eliminates the ability to bluff and thus reduces the game to one played without chips. In practice what I've found works best amongst adults is to pick a buy-in that's enough money that people care a little about losing it, but not enough that they're going to be bent out of shape if they go home empty handed--say $10-20. Then to ensure games don't end after 10 games, put a raise limit of say 25 cents and a re-raise limit of once per round. This naturally limits pot sizes and extends the game and works fairly well in practice. With kids (assuming you're willing to teach them how to play poker at all) a good system could involve one where chips can be purchased for doing extra chores and chips can be cashed in for privileges--with a side agreement on the chip value of various household tasks and treats. Then the kids can tend to their "bank" between settings and potentially learn something about delayed gratification. 
2088	boardgames	 Obviously, all games may be played with an ante, but it is often not mandatory for the game itself to be fun. I've long wondered what makes poker so different from everything else: poker, when played without real money, instantly becomes boring and random. And what's even more curious is that even a very small amount of money in play (say, 1€ per player on an 8-player table) is sufficient to turn the game into a very interesting and very disputed battle. Do there exist out there some other games that are meaningless when not played for money? I'm told that old timers always play backgammon with an ante, but I've played backgammon many times without, and found the game pretty interesting by itself. So what's the big deal with poker? 
2089	boardgames	 Try Buffy The Vampire Slayer, the 2000 Edition - sadly, this is now out of print and you have to get it from Ebay, but, it's a great co-op game with multiple players as good, and one player as evil. Sadly, the later Buffy game is pretty lame. But the 2000 one is a ton of fun - particularly if you're a Buffy fan. 
2090	boardgames	 I agree with Pat in that it appears next to impossible to run out of any/all markers and tokens. However, if this situation does arise, after reading the rules it appears that the intent is not to limit the players by the amount of tokens but rather that the supplies are given the numbers they are because they clearly can't just give you infinite of all supplies. From reading through the rules I inferred that, should you run out of tokens that don't have any explicit result (like losing if you run out of gate tokens), they should just be replicated with paper and pen, or other odds and ends (pennies, paper clips, etc...). 
2091	boardgames	 Poker is a game that really isn't very complex. Once you have a basic grasp of some of the probabilities, you can sit down and start winning hands even against good players. There aren't very many ways to improve your odds of winning a given hand, important though it is to know what they are. For boardgaming types like me, who like a complicated tangle of rules and factors in which it's possible to maximize one's chances, poker in and of itself does not seem to be a particularly interesting game. However, the very basic-ness of poker is actually what makes it a great game. Once you've established that the major appeal of the game is not in its rules, it's pretty easy to see what poker becomes about: you're playing the other players , not the cards. Poker is all about the psychology of reading, bluffing and intimidating the other people at the table, free of the need to master a really complex set of rules. Now I (and, I see, others) would say that this sort of thing can be fun without the introduction of real money to the equation. But I can also see how real money does add something. If there's nothing substantial at stake, then the players are basically jollying along and not taking the game very seriously. If they lose concentration, go all in, and lose all their chips, so what? I'd therefore suggest that real money poker is "more fun" insofar as, if you're pitting yourself against other players in a battle of deadly psychological warfare and stamina, you want them to be as focussed on the game as they possibly can be. A real money stake sharpens the experience for all involved. Makes the outcome actually matter . If, as I've posited, there's not much more to poker than the psychological duel element, it will be highly unsatisfactory to play against people who are barely paying attention! Whatever else you want to say about money, it sure gets people's attention... 
2092	boardgames	 I recently acquired Dominion: Prosperity (yay Christmas) and came across the Platinum and Colony Cards which are designed to be new Basic Cards (like Estate, Copper, etc...). My question is, should I (or do you) always play with Platinum and Colony even when you're not using Prosperity kingdom cards? Or do you only play with them if you're doing a Prosperity only game? Or do you use them whenever some (or certain) Prosperity cards are chosen as kingdom cards but otherwise you leave the Platinum and Colony to the side? 
2093	boardgames	 Should Curses always be laid out as a supply pile even when no kingdom cards give curses? Or should the only be available when a curse kingdom card is chose? An extension of this question could be should Curses be able to be purchased without being forced to get them by a card. 
2094	boardgames	 From the Prosperity rulebook: If only Kingdom cards from Prosperity are being used this game, then the Platinum and Colony piles are added to the Basic cards in the Supply for the game. If a mix of Kingdom cards from Prosperity and other sets are being used, then the inclusion of Platinum and Colony in the Supply should be determined randomly, based on the proportion of Prosperity and non-Prosperity cards in use. For example, choose a random Kingdom card being used - such as the first card dealt out from the Randomizer deck - and if it is from Prosperity, add Platinum and Colony to the Supply. Platinum and Colony are not Kingdom cards; when those are included, there are 10 Kingdom cards, plus Copper, Silver, Gold, Platinum, Estate, Duchy, Province, Colony, and Curse, in the Supply. Use 8 Colonies for a 2-player game, or 12 Colonies for a game with 3 or more players. Seems like there isn't much I can add to that! 
2097	boardgames	 The Dominion rules contain the following note: Note: Curse cards are present in every game, however, they are rarely used in the basic game other than with the Witch card. I believe you can buy them just like any other card. The question is, why anyone in their right mind would ever want to! Just to show off, I guess :D 
2099	boardgames	 Real money (or a real stake of some kind) makes poker more fun because it adds a basis for you to predict and interpret another player's actions. When no real money is involved, a player's bet will not be based on any real risk and thus will not tend to reflect the strength of their hand. Their bet is correlated to their hand much more loosely, giving you less information. Likewise, you are less able to influence the other players with your own betting patterns. If you make a big raise, there is very little reason for the other players to care - they can call your raise without any real risk, so they will tend to do so more often. That is, their responses to your actions are ALSO correlated to their hand more loosely. Ultimately everyone at the table has less information to work with, so everyone's actions are more random and skill matters much less, making the game less fun for most people. It's not much fun to discover someone stayed in the pot with a ridiculously lousy opening hand (like 2/7 offsuit) just because there was no risk involved. This kind of thing happens much more with the absence of real money. 
2100	boardgames	 Poker requires a "wager". –noun 1. something of value risked or staked on an uncertain event; bet: to place a wager on a poker hand. So, for poker to be fun or interesting at all, one must wager something with some sort of value. Usually it's chips or money. Could be anything, but it must be valuable in the context of the game. Here's an example of a zero money holiday poker game. It's a holdem-tournament where all family members start with 100 chips. Basically, the top two winners get 1 week free from chores; and the bottom two are doing many dishes, shoveling snow, and taking out garbage. Believe me, the 10 and 12 year olds don't go "all-in" with crappy hands. 
2101	boardgames	 There are some subtle situations where you need to have curses on the table even without an explicit curse kingdom card. For example, the Swindler from the Intrigue expansion lets you trash opponents cards and replace them with cards of equal value. If you're trashing a zero-value copper you can replace it with a zero-value curse . Without curses all you could do is replace it with another copper. 
2102	boardgames	 I had a group of friends who would play cards for water. Hearts was the usual game. A large glass of water was filled and placed in the center of the table. Each hand, the person taking the most points (the loser) would drink the glass and refill it. (In the event of a tie, everyone tied drinks a glass.) It sounds like no big deal*, but give it a few games. That glass of water will start to affect your play, especially with the queen. (!) Drinking too much water too quickly can be very dangerous to your health. That said, we never had any problems. YMMV. 
2103	boardgames	 Drinking Games There's the classic stand-by of weekend college parties... Any game can be a drinking game: Make a mistake, take a drink. Note: This is not my cuppa tea, but it's an option. 
2104	boardgames	 Blam! A fun little piece-placing, abstract, unit management game... No luck. No hidden knowledge. You'll want one Icehouse stash per player. Two to four players. Rules online: Asynchronous, online, at SuperDuper Games: 
2105	boardgames	 Some years ago I tried to learn to play contract bridge with some friends and I never really understood the philosophy (for want of a better word) of bidding. It seemed as if we just had to learn a set of rules and apply them - e.g. if you have N points and a balanced hand, open with [whatever], if you're responding to your partner's bid of [whatever] do [something depending on your hand], etc. It was some effort to learn even the basic set of these rules, and it appeared (at the very basic level we were playing) as if the whole bidding process could have been done perfectly by an algorithm running on a computer (or your phone :)) As I understand it, in bridge competitions one is obliged to disclose which conventions you and your partner use, which also suggests to me that the intention is that your bids are an open and deterministic description of your hand. So, with apologies for my naivety, my question is really where the skill lies in bidding well? Or to what extent is the interest largely later on in the game, when applying what was learned through the bidding in playing the hand? 
2106	boardgames	 I've often heard of the Carcassonne Catapult expansion, and I'm wondering, is it actually cool to use, or is it one of those novelties that will quickly wear off? Please give me your experience with this expansion. Thanks! 
2108	boardgames	 If you don't have all the expansions they're great for proxying other cards if you don't have attack cards that would use them. I only have the base set right now, and I've used curses to represent Colonies, platinums, and even more complicated cards from the other sets if everyone understands them. The blanks are also great for this. You can use kingdom cards as well, but I find its easier to forget that they actually mean something else. 
2109	boardgames	 I prefer mild humiliation to any actual risk. It tends to keep things good hearted and can easily be altered to suit any requirements. Naturally, everyone should consent to the rules to make sure fun stays the top priority. Here are some examples: doing pushups while singing the national anthem for 30 seconds. wearing something until a different person looses, like a jester's hat, while playing. Loosing your chair and sitting on the floor until someone else looses. altering the words you say when declaring your actions. IE every quantity has to be followed by a certain word, or every sentence must end with "your excellency" said to the winner. The possibilities are endless :D 
2110	boardgames	 I have seen it demoed before, and I have no intention of getting it. It definitely seems like a novelty, or at least for a younger demographic. Judging by the reviews and ratings on BoardGameGeek, I'm not the only one who feels that way -- on their 1-10 scale, the Catapult expansion is rated a full 2.5 stars lower than the main Carcassonne set itself. Personally, I don't like the idea of adding dexterity to my strategy games, and the new tiles look overly cutesy, but I could see kids getting a big kick out of it. 
2111	boardgames	 My curiosity in this variant was piqued by this comment in my ' Games that have no element of luck ' thread. I'd love to read an expanded explanation of the rule changes and peoples experience (positive or negative) with them. 
2112	boardgames	 Wikipedia says that any bridge bidding system is a well-defined form of legal table talk: Each bidding system ascribes a meaning to every possible call by each member of a partnership, and presents a codified language which allows the players to exchange information about their card holdings. That would seem to imply that there is no skill involved at all, but I think there's more to it than that. I used to be a casual reader of the bridge quizzes printed in our newspaper. They would tell stories of bridge tournaments where every table played the same hand, and different tables would arrive at slightly different contracts. As the commenters have pointed out, there is some flexibility within the bidding system. It's not an exact algorithm. While everyone knows what your bid theoretically means in the context of your hand, you and partner still need to use that knowledge effectively to arrive at the most profitable contract. The skill, therefore, is in correctly choosing the next bid, not in decoding the bids or deceiving your opponents. 
2113	boardgames	 Axis &amp; Allies Chess Rules Okay, I finally found the link to the website with the original A&amp;A Chess rules . To be honest I didn't play this variant much, but it seemed apropos to the original post about luckless games so I mentioned it. From my limited experience I can concur with the inventor's comments: although it looks identical to normal A&amp;A they really are very different games. A&amp;A Chess is about deciding how to position units to make them the most versatile: most able to contribute in an effective way on multiple fronts. It's about hiding your true attacking power by attacking with units based in multiple territories (i.e. using units your opponent didn't realize could reach) or by feinting one attack while intending all the while to make another (Calais v. Normandy?). In this way, the base strategies of Chess and A&amp;A Chess are similar, although the mechanics have nothing in common except a board. I've found that there are two main reasons why people don't end up liking A&amp;A Chess: They decided to play it because they'd been screwed by the dice too many times and are expecting this game to be normal A&amp;A without bad rolls; it's not (see above). Analysis paralysis. This is really a symptom of a certain style of player. Trying to understand the outcome of large, multi-round battles requires Rainman-like intuition or a lot of mental math. If you're playing with someone who's going to crunch numbers for 20 minutes before a battle then you're going to get bored. My preferred answer to both issues is also suggested on the site and goes by the name Low-Luck Axis and Allies. This variant still grants a hit for every six attack or defense points, but allows players to roll a single dice against their remainders. In statistical terms, LL A&amp;A tightens up the variance around the expected result (i.e. reduces the potential influence of the random dice rolls). For mathematical reasons best explained on another stack exchange site, LL's effects are most noticeable in small battles, where a couple bad rolls can make a huge difference. My advice is that if you're frustrated with bad dice rolling and just want to smooth out chance, go for LL A&amp;A. If you're looking for a complicated and well-nigh impossible to optimize luckless war game then go with A&amp;A Chess. 
2114	boardgames	 Is a player in checkers required to take a jump if one is available? What about a double or triple jump if that is available? 
2115	boardgames	 I've always had the same rules that this article does (Rule 9), if you can jump, you have to jump at least once, but you don't have to jump any more than that. 
2116	boardgames	 In short -- for tournaments, yes . I never played with forced jumps as a kid, but my father-in-law always plays with forced jumps. So I did a little digging around, and this is what I found: The American Checker Federation seems to be the only sanctioned checkers organization I could find. According to the American Checker Federation, rule #1.20 says 1.20 All capturing moves are compulsory, whether offered actively or passively... 
2117	boardgames	 What is the term for a stalemate in Checkers? What are the official conditions for a "no winner game"? 
2119	boardgames	 There used to be an A&amp;A odds calculator that was unique because instead of the typical results of % chance of victory and perhaps the average number of units left, this program generated a plot. The x-axis was the number of units remaining at the end of combat. The far left was all attackers survive, the center mutual annihilation, and the far right defensive domination. The y-axis was the probability of any given outcome. The reason this method of visualizing the results was so critical is because it opened my eyes to a key observation about combat in Axis and Allies. Given an even battle (where the vanilla calculator will predict a 50/50 chance of winning, one might suppose that they are therefore likely to win the combat with almost no surviving units. However, what the plot shows is that this is not what the laws of probability dictate actually occurs. In practice, even even if the chance of winning is 50/50, the number of units likely to survive is going to be surprising large for the victor. This happens because a good first round has a positive feedback effect, making that side more likely to win round 2, and so on. Armed with this knowledge your game play can improve dramatically. You realize the importance of re-assessing any attack after each round of combat. I'll keep looking for this calculator and post the link if I can find it. I first used it about 7 years ago. It wasn't online, it was a compiled program written in VisualBasic. 
2120	boardgames	 At the tactical level, the AI for A&amp;A is a minmax on a zero-sum game tree with some fuzziness. We have a structure that represents game state (board and pieces), the relative score of each player for that state (value of troops and land income), and a set of transitions (i.e. moves) from that state to new states. Transitions can weighted by probability of outcome (this is what the simulators in other answers supply). The relative values of starting state and ending states can be compared to determine which moves seem good or bad. These results are scaled by the weight (likely outcome). More sophisticated implementations would go deeper into "promising" branches to check opponent payoff (i.e. whether this move give an opponent an even better counterattack opportunity). This is a very, very big game tree . Pruning will be essential, and there are some obvious things to try ignoring (attacking with less than all your troops, for example). But it's relatively straightforward AI problem and there is a lot of info about solving it on the web. Maybe it's a bit harder because of the 5 players, 2 teams mechanic. In addition to picking battles, there's the purchase, non-combat move, and deployment phases. The interesting problem with these choices is their impact will be felt 2-4 steps down the game tree. It might be possible to model this into the tactics tree, or its own separate tree, but the breadth intimidates me. 2-4 turns, 5 actors, 1-11 (on average) new pieces, 12 or so possible pieces, multiple possible deployments... If I had to try this, I'd tackle it in separate stages. Movement can be handled as first minimizing opponent payoff in one transition. If payoff is minimized without movement, stack to strongest front. If no strongest front, go to front of preference. I'd probably hardcode deployment, and placement of any additional factories, until everything else was working and I had lots of free time. I'd try purchasing as a kind of lookup table based on current troop IPC value, or if playing with infantry defends on 1, try purchasing with troop ratios (that is, try to have 6 infantry to 2 artillery to 2 tanks to 1 plane, etc.) At the "grand strategy" level (i.e. if no strongest front), fronts of preference are defined per standard strategy--Axis prefer to attack Russia, then Britain, then US and Allies prefer to attack Germany, then Japan. Of course, there are other ways to do it and mine is just one step removed from brainstormed. There's surely better. 
2123	boardgames	 There is no such term, because there is no such thing as a stalemate in checkers. It is always possible for at least one player to win, although in some cases that would require extraordinarily poor play by the other player. EDIT to reply to comment: I know this is really getting into semantics, but the question is about terminology. Your position seems to be that "stalemate" and "draw" are synonymous. I believe "stalemate" is merely the specific case where a player must move but cannot make a legal move, resulting in a draw. The very rule you cited states that, in checkers, if one player cannot make a legal move, the other player wins. By definition, that's not a draw, so in my mind, that's not a stalemate. 
2124	boardgames	 Yes, bidding was difficult for me to get my head around, at first, too. I liked the idea of sharing a system with my partner - but intuitively it seemed as if this should be secret information, to be kept from the opponents, to hopefully confound and overwhelm them. The fact that, if your opponents ask you "what did your partner's bid mean?", you are obliged to answer them honestly was initially alien. Having said that: it's only your system that has to be revealed to your opponents. If they ask you "what did your partner's bid mean?", all you need to disclose is what partner's bid ought to mean, according to your system. If your partner is getting a little bit creative with his bidding, based on the complexities of a particular hand... well, there's no realistic way to keep the opponents informed of that. As a friend of mine was very fond of saying: "If you lie to one partner and two opponents, you've made a profit on the deal." So fundamentally I don't see any problem with bidding systems being open information. There would be no glory in beating your opponents because they doubled you assuming your no trump bid was weak, when in reality it was strong. You have to work pretty hard to outsmart your opponents during the bidding sequence, which makes it all the sweeter when you manage to do it! But in the end, the actual play is more important, and that's where the opportunities to be deceitful (through falsecarding and such) really shine. 
2125	boardgames	 According to the American Checker Federation (see rule 12), a tie game is called a draw . The conditions for a draw are similar to the 50-move rule in chess. Basically, one player asks the other to prove he can win (or get closer to winning) in the next 40 moves or the game ends in a draw. I imagine this would only really occur in high level play, perhaps by several kinged pieces moving endlessly around the board with neither side gaining an advantage. A condition like a stalemate in chess (where a player has no legal move to make) results in a loss for the player whose turn it is to move. 
2126	boardgames	 I just played my first game of Ticket to Ride and we loved it. Our only issue was making it a little faster. We had some small obvious ideas that wouldn't affect the gameplay much, like keep score on paper, play the game when each player has 4 less trains, start the game with 7 cards, and get a free route at the beginning. However I'm still curious about some more drastic boosts. Here were a few other ideas that actually affect the game: You draw 3 cards if you choose to draw train cards. Locomotives still cost 2 normal draws. For each turn you draw 2 cards AND get the opportunity to claim a route. You can substitute 3 cards of any one color for a locomotive when building. (stolen from the ferries in the other versions) 7 cards stay face up instead of 5 What other affects will each of these have on the game? Are there any other good ways to speed things up? How can I decrease the time required to play while keeping as much of the original feel of the game as possible. 
2127	boardgames	 I would say, just reduce the number of train cars in each players' pool. This would have an obvious, linear effect on the speed of the game without any dramatic side effects on the strategy and gameplay. The only thing you'd need to worry about is keeping enough trains in the pool that any cross-country route, if drawn, would still be playable - off the top of my head, I'd say that would be somewhere in the 20s, though it might be wise to add a few trains on top of that, to give wiggle room in the event of another player claiming a crucial route. I have to say, I find it a tiny bit odd that you'd want to speed up Ticket to Ride - it never struck me as a particularly long game! If you're consistently finding that to be the case, I suggest you try the strategy of just playing out lots of random routes really fast (instead of trying to build based on your destination cards) to end the game early, hopefully before other players can reach all the ambitious destinations in their hand. After that, the rest of your group may not be quite so keen on house rules to make the game even shorter :D 
2128	boardgames	 Play more games You said yourself that you've only played once. It'll go faster once you get a few games under your belt and everyone gets over the initial analysis paralysis. I'm hesitant to recommend any of those proposed changes. I've played maybe a half dozen games and my gut feeling is your suggested house rules would all have a negative impact in some way (and not actually make the game play faster). 
2129	boardgames	 I told some of my friends and co-workers about a board game I designed, and we're hoping to play it sometime soon. However, I am not sure if I should let everyone sign a non-disclosure agreement or not. It is a board game that I have put a lot of time into. I haven't made anybody sign an agreement so far (Played various times with friends and family), but as the game is getting closer to a finished product, I feel like it would be professional to do so. What type of agreement/document would be appropriate, if I do get an NDA? 
2130	boardgames	 Here's a scenario to illustrate my question. My wife and I were playing Ticket To Ride: Nordic Countries earlier this evening - apologies if you don't own this particular edition, but hopefully the basic situation will be obvious to anyone who's played any TTR, even if you're unfamiliar with the map. We'd both drawn a poor selection of Destination cards and kept only two each. My first play was Orebro - Stockholm. The next two routes were played by my wife: Kobenhavn - Karlskrona, and Karlskrona - Norrkoping. At this point, with a spare red ticket in my hand, I opportunistically played Stockholm - Norrkoping! With both the southern entries to Stockholm blocked, my poor wife now had no choice, if she wanted to link Kobenhavn to the top right segment of the board, to undertake a cruelly circuitous route, involving three turns and ten tickets, instead of one single ticket and a single turn. I patiently endured the two minutes of dire recriminations and imprecations that followed my dastardly move, and ended up winning the game by in the region of 20 points - hardly a landslide. I'm just wondering whether this kind of thing would be considered poor sportsmanship in other groups. I ask because there was a question on this very site about whether it was poor form, in Settlers of Catan, to pretend to want to trade for a good, to sneakily fish for information before playing a Monopoly card. To me that seems like a perfectly sensible procedure, but a lot of people seemed horrified at such unsportsmanlike practice! There's an argument that one should play Ticket to Ride only "by the book" - making only plays that actively help to score Destination cards in one's hands. I would counter that, in an exclusively 2/3 player game like Nordic Countries, blocking one or both of the other players can be just as beneficial as straightforwardly aiming to score routes, if not more so. If another player has drawn and kept 5 amazingly compatible routes and I am going to struggle with my 2, why is it unfair for me to "even the odds" a little by throwing a spanner into my opponent's works? Essentially, I don't understand why it's okay for me to try to crush an opponent by "above board" means, and not okay to do that by "devious" play. In a game with many players I think a purely blocking move could be slightly more dubious, on the ground that it will probably only mess with some players, allowing others to pull ahead: it's kingmaking, basically, and that can be really annoying. But is there anything wrong with such tactics in a 2-3 player game, where it can obviously be an effective route to victory? Would a player who regularly tries to spoil your plans rather than concentrate on his own be persona non grata before too long? Certainly it really gets my wife's goat - I'm lucky I'm not sleeping on the couch tonight! 
2131	boardgames	 In my opinion this is a justifiable move. You compared it with the pretend trades in Catan. I'd say that the Catan situation is much more borderline than this: One exploits a player's trust to gain an advantage. In your situation you are merely speculating on your opponent's goals and sacrifice a turn to make a counter move. It all however depends on your group. If it's a very non-confrontational group then this move will get you more criticism than in a cutthroat group. You'll also have to be prepared to handle the consequences when the rest of your group adapt to this play style and become more confrontational themself. In Tock/Dog (Pachisi variant) games we usually play all nice and non-confrontational at the beginning. But at some point one person just has too good of an opportunity to send someone else home and takes it. After that, war is pretty much inevitable and people send each other home as often as they can. 
2132	boardgames	 There seems nothing unethical about such a move - opposite to your example of pretending to want to trade (which in my book is clearly unethical because it involves active lying ), this move is just one of two main winning strategies: Get more points for yourself Limit points of the opponents There is no lying or obfuscation - you are making it harder to win for the opponent by legal game means without any metagaming (like looking at an opponent's cards or hustling opponents into telling you some information which you shouldn't know while playing by the rules, like in your Settlers example). Basically this move could be similar to a situation in Settlers when you put a robber on someone and also yourself - you are losing something (a turn in TTR) but in certain situations limiting the opponent more. 
2133	boardgames	 Disclaimer: Ask a lawyer. Unless you happen to find one here, I wouldn't rely on information from the internet to be legally accurate. I'm not a lawyer and what I do know about laws pertains to Swiss Laws and is likely different in your location. What I was once told in a class about laws is that in such a situation you should make a copy of your drafts and deposit it with a notary and have him date the draft with a legally recognized "certificate". That way if someday you need to prove that you had that particular idea first this will go a long way. Assuming that in a few months Hasbro (for example) publishes a game suspiciously similar to yours. What is it you really want? I assume it's: Recognition for the idea Getting them to stop selling the thing Getting compensation from them An NDA would only allow you to go after the person that passed the information along (if you even find out). But this is probably the least of your concerns. I'm no expert but I don't think you really need a formalized agreement to go after an imitator once you have established that it is you who is being imitated. 
2134	boardgames	 My answer is that it's not actually possible, and as a result my single playing was sufficient. I was really disappointed because it's a beautiful game with a lot of neat ideas. If it was also a real deduction game I'd like it much more. 
2135	boardgames	 The answer is no. I've played early and late prototypes from dozens of published boardgame designers including several who are successful enough to do it for a living and I've never been asked to sign an NDA by any of them. Boardgame ideas just aren't worth stealing. The only time I've been asked to sign boardgame NDAs is by unpublished designers who were inordinately fond of their ideas (no insult intended). Most ideas don't actually turn into publishable games, and even when they do, a very small percentage of them actually get published. Worse, boardgame ideas aren't actually protectable: the only law that protects ideas is a patent, and no boardgame patent has been successfully defended in court (the only exceptions are games with mechanical designs, like Hungry, Hungry Hippos or MouseTrap ). If you want to see money wasted search the patent office for boardgame patents: I've paged through hundreds and have yet to find one that actually became a recognizable published game. I know of two examples of patented games that were published, and only one of them, Magic: The Gathering went on to make any money. Don't worry about your idea being stolen. Focus on playing the game with as many people as possible, and then when you think you've got something publishable, get as many people as you can that you don't know to play it without you there , just with rules and a prototype (called "blind playtesting"). If your idea survives all of the changes you'll discover you need to make after you work through the results of blind playtesting, then start approaching publishers. You'll discover that none of them will sign NDAs either, though for a more practical reason: they may well have something in development that is astonishingly like your game, and they'd lose the ability to publish it due to the NDA. That, or they've already received submissions that are remarkably similar to yours, with the same problem. It turns out that most ideas, including game ideas, build on what already exists, consciously or not, and that very similar or even identical ideas come to multiple people at about the same time, as they're exposed to much the same things. It doesn't mean it's not worth pursuing, it's just a matter of the reality of ideas. Anyway, I don't mean to discourage you; rather, I encourage you to go forth and test, redesign, and test some more until you've polished something really great. And then I look forward to playing it! Note: I am not an attorney, so do not take what I've told you as legal advice. I am relaying what I've learned from publishers and designers while involved in the game design world over the last ten years. 
2136	boardgames	 Well, it depends on how much longer you want to keep playing board games with your wife! :-) Every gaming group tolerates a different level of "screwosity" - people making blocking moves such as yours only to derail an opponent. My group loves it. It sounds like your wife doesn't. It's not specific to Ticket to Ride. If your wife wants to play where you can only advance your own cause, then you'll have to adapt to that. In all fairness to you, your wife possibly made a tactical error. If there's a critical leg in one of your routes, you need to claim it first . You don't have to build your route in order. We don't know if she had the card to do that though. 
2137	boardgames	 It will speed up with a few additional plays. Honestly, I suggest starting with people getting more experience before modifying the game. You asked about how your ideas will effect gameplay, so I'll tackle that, having been involved in balancing a lot of games. The game was playtested hundreds of times to reach the balance it's at now, so some things to consider: keep score on paper You'll lose the easy checking to see who's ahead and who's behind, which should affect your play. On paper you'd either have to do without or keep asking. play the game when each player has 4 less trains If I were playing I'd be much more likely to dump the long tickets because it's not at all uncommon that they're completed in the last couple of turns of the game, especially with 4 or 5 players. start the game with 7 cards Probably wouldn't cause any problems. get a free route at the beginning Tricky. They'd have to be the same length (or same maximum length), and if it's long it will help people with western tickets much more than eastern ones. It would also change the early game quite a bit, where people traditionally build up a pretty large hand of cards before laying down, so as to not give anything away to others about how they could block you. It will likely hurt ticket completion a bit. You draw 3 cards if you choose to draw train cards. Locomotives still cost 2 normal draws. I think this will help longer routes more than shorter ones, again with the western/eastern division. Each card draw will be slower (draw, fill, draw, fill, draw), but it would still likely be a speed-up. The bigger problem is that drawing cards will help your game much more than playing them, so it will again favor longer routes, making the already-somewhat-imbalanced longer routes much easier to complete, so the luck of the ticket draw will have an even stronger effect on what many consider an existing flaw (the 1910 ticket replacement add-on is designed to fix it). For each turn you draw 2 cards AND get the opportunity to claim a route. This won't speed the game up as much as you'd think: the cleverness in the current system is that after you draw cards you have the whole rest of the round to think about what you'll do with them. With this change after drawing players will have to think through what they'll lay down while everyone waits. If they play first and draw second, they'll still need to weigh the cards on display with what route to claim, knowing they're about to draw from them. With the regular game there's no point in thinking about them because they'll likely be significantly changed before it comes around to you. You can substitute 3 cards of any one color for a locomotive when building. (stolen from the ferries in the other versions) This should have no negative effect, though I don't know that it will actually speed things up, since yes, you'll finish that route, but the train car to played card ratio will actually go down. More tickets will likely be completed, though. 7 cards stay face up instead of 5 This will also favor longer routes, exacerbating that problem. It will increase decision time a bit, but speed up route completion for everyone equally. You'll need to decide on a rule for how many locomotives have to be showing to wipe, likely 4 instead of 3. Just to be clear, I'm not trying to knock all of your ideas. I just see rippling balance issues that are worth considering. If you implement any of them, I suggest getting a few more games under your belt first so you can more clearly see the consequences, if any. 
2138	boardgames	 We definitely block in our group, though not as much anymore, since I've discovered that I'm usually too tight for trains for routes to be able to do it much. I've really hosed myself sometimes. If you play online, you'll definitely see blocking moves played. 
2139	boardgames	 Dice Tower Reviews goes over a mind-boggling variety of games. They have a great youtube channel worth subscribing too. I'd also suggest Downtime Town for great, ludicrous, and nuanced reviews - the Scottsman who reviews there is a total nut. Sadly, hasn't been updated lately. 
2140	boardgames	 I had the same problem so I created a free iPhone/iPod touch app for this-- it supports up to 6 players and is very simple to use. Check out "Game MultiTimer Free" on the app store. As someone said above, it's not a great model for something like Settlers, but it works great for games like Rummikub or scrabble. 
2141	boardgames	 Today I talked with a friend who has experience playing Dog this way. According to him the game is much more competitive when played 2 vs 2 vs 2 instead of 3 vs 3. There are more enemy pieces underway and they have more opportunities to intercept yours. I'm still looking forward to playing this variant myself one day, but at least the question is answered. 
2142	boardgames	 Consider this a specialized house rules set of cards because normally with two players you would not use 12 of every card, and I don't think Colony and Platinum are meant to be used this way... but we had fun! We played a two player game where we decided to not end the game until the very last moment possible. We just wanted to see how high we could get our scores and how long the game would last (about 1-1.5 hrs). We played until two of the supply stacks ran out then it was a race to get whatever other supply cards we wanted until there was 1 left at which point we were no longer allowed to buy from that stack because it would end the game. We just kept buying from other supply stacks until nothing was left and we ended the game buying either the last Province or Colony. The final score was 223 to 205. We each had between 102-109 cards in our decks so Gardens were worth 10 each. I think only 3 Colonies were sold throughout the game. The score could have been higher if more Colony cards had been purchased before the game ended with the last Province sold or if more cards were in our decks causing the Gardens to be worth more. These are the cards we used: 12 x Great Hall 12 x Islands 12 x Gardens 12 x Dukes 12 x Nobles 12 x Harem 10 x Baron 10 x Scout 10 x Haven 10 x Adventurer * 12 x Estate 12 x Duchy 12 x Province 12 x Colony (as Kingdom not Supply) 12 x Platinum (as Kingdom not Supply) * We figured Adventurer was kind of a "wild card" that could be replaced with a number of different options. We chose Adventurer to keep the game simple but you could use anything here. 
2143	boardgames	 Hey! A few of my friends have gotten into ticket to ride, and we've been trying to determine a few strategies - obviously there's the build long trains and ignore tickets, or just accumulate a lot of tickets. But what are some of your other favorite TTR strategies? 
2144	boardgames	 Finish your routes, prevent others from completing theirs Ticket to Ride doesn't strike me as a strategy-heavy game. It's all about making good tactical decisions - completing your tickets in light of random card draws and other players' actions. Remember that unfinished tickets count for negative points at the end of the game. My basic gameplay goes like this: Choose tickets I think I can finish. The big routes are much harder to complete in a 4- or 5-player game. If possible, avoid telegraphing where my routes are going. Others can block you easily if they know you need a certain leg. That leads directly into... Claim the critical legs first. If I need a one-train leg, get it as soon as I have the card. If you can block, do it, but make it a good block. Spending your turn solely to block probably only scores you a few points. If that player then goes around your block, he scores more points and he still completes his route. Not worth it. Once my routes are done, decide if a new route(s) is worth the risk. There's a chance you could pull all 20's, basically guaranteeing you won't win. With fewer trains remaining, I think the better play is to go for long links of opportunity. A six-train link is 15 points, even if it doesn't connect to anything else. 
2145	boardgames	 By your mention of "build long trains" I take it you're talking about the USA edition. (The Nordic Countries edition, for example, doesn't have a longest route bonus, but a "most routes" bonus instead.) Ticket to Ride USA is a pretty simple game, but there is still a reasonable depth of strategy. One of my favourite tactics is: end the game early. Keep a careful eye on how many trains are left in your pool. Say you have 14 trains left: with the right cards you can play two 6-length routes, and that's the game ended. Hopefully your opponents don't see it coming, and have a mitt full of unfulfilled destination cards that will score them big negative points - not to mention all the trains in their pool they now don't have time to play! So yeah, that's my number one strategy recommendation: keep an eye on how quickly you can bring about the end of the game . You certainly want to be in control of this if possible, rather than letting someone else dictate it! 
2146	boardgames	 Fine the way it is? I don't feel that Dominion's out-of-the-box card storage, setup, or clean-up need any improvement. The box comes with clearly labeled and organized trays: cards are grouped by type (kingdom, victory point, etc.) and then alphabetically. I have basic and two expansion sets and keep everything in the original boxes. It might be a little big if you were flying, but to go over to a friend's house via car it's hardly cumbersome. Plus, once the game's set up the boxes don't have to take up table space. Put them on the ground or on another table or stack them on top of each other. All the ideas for divide and conquer during setup and cleanup make perfect sense. I assume that almost all play groups do this without even thinking about it. Several answers have mentioned an iPhone app for selecting Kingdom cards. This strikes me as a solution in search of a problem, and I'm curious why the app is so popular. lilserf explains it's capabilities well, but why is an app easier than the randomizer cards designed expressly for this purpose? What's easier than selecting 10 cards at random from a deck? I can do that before the app even loads. In fact, the old-school method is probably quicker because each card can be handed to someone as it's selected so the deck can be retrieved. Natural division of labor. If you like to play with cards from all the expansions then shuffle and store the randomizer decks together; otherwise, pick a few from each expansion set based on what kind of game you want. If you pull a card that folks don't like (Smithy for example) just draw another. If you all hate it, remove the card from your randomizer deck. If you're playing with black market, the unselected randomizer cards are the black market deck. As for tailoring to ensure games with attack cards also have reactions, that undermines some of the charm of the game: learning to adapt to any situation that comes up. Prohibiting something a priori is doing your group a dis-service. 
2147	boardgames	 At my weekly boardgames night earlier this evening I was roped into an all-expansions, 6-player game of Dominion. A girl on the sidelines piped up: "You should take out the Goons card. It takes all the fun out of the game." Needless to say... one of the ten cards randomly selected was the Goons. Those of us who hadn't played with the most recent expansions inspected the card. Forcing everyone else to discard down to 3 did seem liable to slow the game to the crawl... but the card did cost a pricey 6. How bad could it be? I started with a 2-5 copper split and bought a Haven and a Trading Post. From there I was able to whittle my deck free of Coppers and Estates until it was a pretty efficient collection of Silvers and Golds. Even though the player who was buying up Goons was hitting me more turns than not, the three cards left in my hand tended to be worth 5-8 before too long, leaving me in a good position to keep buying Gold, Province and Duchy cards. I ended the game with 36 points; second place. The "Goon player" had a fairly crazy 48 points. What annoyed me about this is that he hadn't really needed to bother scrabbling to buy Provinces with the rest of us: just playing a lot of Goons and buying stuff had allowed him to amass a stack of victory point chips that left the rest of us in the dust. It's true that there was a pile of Secret Chambers on the table that most of us failed to buy; I could certainly have done with a few, to sculpt my hand against the Goons and dodge the Spy attacks that almost all the other players at the table seemed to be throwing around with abandon. But it still seems to me that there may be a fair accusation to be levelled against the Goons. For the price of a Gold, they're a much improved Silver - they can easily net you a couple of Estate's worth of free victory points every time you play them, with none of the downsides to the efficiency of your deck! And if that wasn't bad enough, they are also a really annoying attack, with, as previously mentioned, the potential to slow the whole game to half speed if they are constantly being played. Obviously no card in Dominion is unconditionally broken: for any card, there will always be a configuration of available cards that will combat it efficiently. But are Goons too far along the un-fun end of the spectrum? Was the girl at my group right to propose that they should be removed from the game for its own good? 
2148	boardgames	 NO Goons is just an upgraded Militia. Had your friend never played with Militia before? All Attack cards are designed to slow down your opponents. 
2150	boardgames	 Concentrate your routes on the Main Cities There are certain cities that appear in a lot of routes, so making sure you get at least two and preferable three of these will help you when you pull more objective cards, since you'll be able to match more routes, and there are a lot of routes to these cities that give big points. Even if you don't ever need to, you should plan your strategy ahead (based on the first cards you pull) to get three of the big four. There is a very analytical article on rating the most valuable cities, here . Its focus is on the number of points associated with a given city, and the number of paths into that city (points/paths). It is good analysis, though I think there are more factors such as critical routes, blockability, helpful for longest train, etc. Their breakdown for the 4-5 player Mega Game (USA) is as follows: Miami (30.67) Las Vegas (25.00) Los Angeles (21.67) Vancouver (19.67) New York (13.86) I have always used these as my cities of preference: New York Los Angeles Miami Seattle Note: I will be doing more research on the numbers and will update this. 
2151	boardgames	 This had never even crossed my mind as an issue before, but someone brought it up in a comment on another TTR-related question, and having checked the USA rulebook I'm no longer 100% sure: When calculating who gets the "Longest Route" bonus card, do you go by number of train cars in the route, or number of links/cities in the route? I suspect the official answer will be well-known to anyone who plays a lot of Ticket To Ride online, but for those of us who don't... what's the correct interpretation? 
2152	boardgames	 The owner of the longest continuous number of train cars is the winner. (It works just like longest road in Settlers of Catan ) Here is an image provided my Matthew Frederick from his original edition of the game. He also notes that the online versions provided by Days of Wonder work this way. 
2153	boardgames	 In Munchkin Quest, what is the difference between 'passageways' and 'regular doors'? They both cost 1 movement, and I don't think monsters are affected. So, how are they different? 
2155	boardgames	 How do you analyze a Dominion Kingdom set to determine what your strategy is going to be for the game? In other words, are you looking for specific cards? for abilities (e.g., trashing cards or chaining actions)? for combos (e.g., if I draw these two cards together then I can do X)? for counter-strategies? How do you rank those things in your evaluation process? I'm trying to learn what the thought process behind the strategy looks like, so walking through specific examples, like the suggested Kingdom card setups, would be greatly appreciated. Feel free to use any Dominion expansions in your advice. 
2156	boardgames	 You guys did a good job of pretty much everything, so I'll just add this: Don't be afraid to draw destination cards early in the game. I almost always draw destinations in my first few turns. If you draw early you can plan routes that will let you easily access anywhere you need to get. Usually there's some redundant track between one of the new destinations and your current ones, and if you identify this early you can really slaughter by fulfilling lots of tickets that are super similar. Since you only have to keep one out of 3 you can usually get something useful. 
2157	boardgames	 I'm only an occasional Dominion player so take any advice from me with a pinch of salt, but... Generally I'd be looking for a couple of cards that seem like they would combo well with each other . In my first few games I was like a kid in a candy store, buying one each of many different action cards. This was all well and good, except the performance of my deck was pretty much completely random! Most newbies, like me, just don't get that building quick money and then early Provinces can often be a surer route to victory than splashing out on a dozen "cool" action cards. If you are investing in actions, you'd better make sure they are (a) good, (b) good in combination with each other, and (c) not clogging up valuable slots in your deck that would be better off having Silvers in them! As such, you want to err on the side of buying fewer action cards, not more, in general. One other important consideration: immediately check what Attack cards are available, and also what defences. If there is a really good Attack out there, jumping on it early and in multiples can cripple your opponents' effectiveness before they have time to develop their game. Conversely, if someone else beats you to the punch and is clearly about to start throwing out attacks every turn, make sure you have the Reaction cards you need to survive such an onslaught, if at all possible! 
2158	boardgames	 Personally the first thing I look for is trashing cards or other deck thinners - Chapel, Steward, Ambassador, etc. Nothing opens up the opportunity for a powerful deck, regardless of other available cards, like a thinner. Next I'll generally look for action-draw chains like Laboratory, Alchemist, or Village + a heftier draw card. This is mostly because I personally get a kick out of splashy action chains, even though they're not always best. Scoping out the existing attacks is good - some Attack cards are more popular than others. If Pirate Ship is out there, you'd better have a plan to account for it even if you're not personally going to buy any. I personally don't tend to attack much so I mostly focus on how I'll defend the clear attacks on the board. When all this basic stuff is clear in your mind, sometimes you really just have to wing it and hope to spot a cool interaction between cards on the board. Sometimes the best play really is Silver + Silver the first two turns until you see what the others will do. 
2159	boardgames	 Given that there are 2 extra colors on the color die, and you can buy the pawns separately , is there a way to play Munchkin Quest without the expansion? I realize there are no stands for the monsters, but would any of the rules be affected? 
2160	boardgames	 I have recently begun playing Claustrophobia BGG and have found myself playing the human side almost every time. The problem I encounter is - I'm winning . This is not usually a problem for me. But something about Claustrophobia has clicked for me, and I'm winning. A lot. It's making people not want to play with me. We have discovered the handicaps, and my family has agreed to have the demon side start with 7 Threat Points instead of the usual 4, but I think that the game is more inherently balanced than our results would indicate. So: What strategies do successful demon players pursue? Do you spend the first n turns building up Threat? Which powers do you consistently activate? Event Cards - worth it or not? Which humans are your first targets? (Redeemer, right?) Please help my opponents! (And me, should I ever get to play the demon side...) 
2161	boardgames	 Calling and getting all five tricks is A March . Calling trump and failing to get 3 tricks is called a Euchre . This is the earliest reference I could find to Euchre, in Hoyle's 1845 edition . This excerpt is from The Law and Practice of the Game of Euchre by Charles Henry Wharton Meehan. Written in 1862, per Wikipedia , it is believed to be the oldest book dedicated to Euchre. Hoyle's 2001 edition uses the same terms, as does Scarne's Encyclopedia of Card Games . Card Games for Dummies does as well, however they use the terms "Marches or Sweeps" for getting all five tricks. While I've heard the other two terms, it does not seem that they have entered common enough usage to be documented into any formal listing of rules. 
2162	boardgames	 I tend to focus on which cards will net me the most points. Perhaps that's a Colony , or Dukes and Duchies , or Gardens , etc... If any of those exist I focus on building them to max potential, so in the example of having Gardens on the table, I would focus on cards with +Buy or "Gain a card" and stay away from deck thinning cards (Trash cards). For Duke/Duchy I would look for cards that let me get extra cards costing 5 like Feast (especially effective for this strategy if Throne Room is also available), or a Bridge coupled with a Workshop or Ironworks . So the idea of focusing on specific combos is right, but make sure that that combo works well with the Victory cards on the board. A deck thinning strategy is great for cards like Library , but would work against you with Gardens on the board. Dual type cards can also be a huge boon and a great thing to focus on in your combo hunting. Combos like Scout + Nobles or Harem and Ironworks + Great Hall are good choices to focus on too. Another thing I look at is are there any cards that allow giving out curses, because being able to block them with a defensive card or being able to dole out curses in bundles can sometimes be a great strategy (Throne Room + Witch ). All in all, focus on the kingdom cards that augment your VPs (both positive and negative) and focus your strategy around those. 
2163	boardgames	 Know the difference between an early game card and a mid game card Quickly evaluate what cards will be good for your first few buys (besides money). This is the only time where it doesn't matter if an action is terminal or not because you won't really have many actions. Deck thinning cards like chapel, cards that let you draw a lot like smithy, and cheap attack cards like militia can all be good investments. Plan your first few buys out of the good starter cards. Other things to keep in mind: Cards that give you +actions. This will help you judge how many combos to go for. If there's tons, stock up on those and draws to get some major combinations. Cards that give you +buys. You definitely want a few of these for your later game, its a matter of what options you have. Don't go for woodcutter unless you don't really have any better choices. Having a good amount of buys can also help you end the game early if you want, but that requires some advanced planning. Cards that give you +cards. How much money do I need to buy? Are cards that give +actions but NOT +cards going to be effective? Cards that give you +$. If your only source of $ is from treasures, don't skimp on gold because your action chains will only get you more cards and maybe some attacks. Attack and reaction cards. Helps you judge how much interaction there will be and how you will prepare. If there's going to be a cursing war (witch), might as well not get left out/defenseless. How strong is big-money? This helps you know how hard you should go on actions. If all you need to win happens to be some silver, gold, a witch, and some counsel rooms, make sure you take that into account. Actually evaluating how strong this combo will be is more complex, but recognizing that it exists is a good start. Unique cards that need certain combos to work well. Don't get adventurer unless you have a higher density of gold in your deck. Only get gardens if you plan to have the cards to expand your deck to 40+ cards. Don't get a throne room unless you have something worth throne-rooming. Get a library or two if people are going hard on militia because it lets you redraw all the cards you lost. As per your request, here's an analysis of the starting cards they recommend. Cellar, moat, village, militia, workshop, woodcutter, smithy, remodel, mine, market. They're listed here . There's one strong attack card, so a moat or two would probably be a good investment if people end up buying as they should. Hit the village and market pretty hard (maybe cellar as well if you have a lot of weak cards in your deck) because they're the only ones that give +actions and you're main hope for getting big combos if you choose to go that route. Remodel and mine will let you get rid of bad cards, like estates, so get on that soon if possible. woodcutter and market both give +buys. Woodcutter is one of my least favorite cards as a silver is almost always a better bet. Since you can get +buys from market I personally wouldn't buy any Woodcutters at all. Village will be good for combos because there's a few terminal actions that are very useful (militia, smithy, workshop, etc.) Since remodel is available you will able to hone your deck to a slight degree later in the game, so don't be super afraid of buying cards that will only be mostly useful short-term, like a mine at the beginning of the game. for the beginning: 2-5 split: Get either a moat or a cellar for the 2$ buy and a mine. At this point, anything that gives you extra actions isn't really very beneficial, AKA village. Anything you can do to get rid of your bad cards (AKA mine) in the beginning is almost always a good idea. A moat will protect you from the early militias that will likely be played, but a cellar would help you go through your deck more quickly and get to the better cards in it. I'd probably go with the moat first and then cellar in the next few turns. 3-4 split: Get a workshop and a smithy/remodel/militia. These are all great early 4$ cards, the smithy will let you draw lots of cards, the remodel will let you trash bad cards, and the militia will put you ahead and slow others players down, all of which are amazing strategies. I'd probably go with the remodel or militia, but you'll be able to get more 4 cost cards with workshop soon after anyway, so it won't make a huge difference. Here's some rough estimates of how many I'd go for long term. cellar: 2-3, great cards that keeps your chain going. Good if you've only got 2$, otherwise go with something more powerful. moat: 1-3, Only get if militia is being used a lot, or maybe you need to draw cards for cheap, a cellar won't work, and you don't have many action cards (otherwise you'd probably have something better to play in your hand). village: 2-3, good for mid game combos, depends on how many +cards cards you have. militia: 1-3, beat on your opponents while getting money, what's not to like? workshop: 1-2, good at the beginning, only buy 2 if you can remodel into market later or have a strategy that works with lots of cards costing 4 or less. woodcutter: 0, go with a silver instead. This isn't a kingdom set where trading an action for a buy is going to be worthwhile very often. smithy: 1, good at beginning of the game, maybe remodel later into gold. Only get 2 if you have a couple of villages or a big money strategy (not many actions in your deck). remodel/mine: 1-2 of each. Try to get them early so you can upgrade your deck. Think about the odds of you getting them and the cards you want to upgrade at the same time. A mine is a total disadvantage if you have very little copper or silver, so plan accordingly. Remodel I'd probably go with 2 just because you can remodel gold into provinces in the later game. market: 2-5. This is a pretty generic cards that is almost always helpful and will be strong with this kingdom set, but be sure to weigh it properly against the other options and don't just choose it because its a good all-around card. gold: buy lots early, there's not a set number. As I said earlier you will want to determine how much money you'll want to buy early in the game. Buy some silver early if you like, or use mine/workshop to get it instead. In the beginning you'll want to get gold whenever you have 6, especially since you can remodel them into provinces. Once you get to late game you might want to go with a duchy instead. Potential combos: remodel + gold = make money into provinces during end-game. remodel + workshop = get lots of cards costing 3-4 and crank them up to better stuff later. Workshop is a good early card that you can remodel later if you need to as its not very strong in the end-game. remodel + mine = get 2 mines early and upgrade as many copper and silver as possible. Then remodel the mine into a gold once you don't need it anymore. workshop + village = Use workshops to get lots of villages and smithy's while you use you actual money for better things. A village in your deck never hurts as long as you aren't using to much energy to buy it, and the village + smithy combination can get you some mega drawing action. village + militia = launch a relentless attack with 3+ militias to keep other players' cards down. Add village to keep your chains going. If you buy up moats you can be even more evil. cellar + moat + village = get some silver and gold woodcutter + mine = get some woodcutters early with $ or a workshop. Use the extra buys to stock up on copper, and have 2 or 3 mines to crank up the copper into silver and gold. This is sort of a modification of big money, so getting a smithy can help. Just watch your number of terminal actions. I crossed this one out because its actually pretty weak. Buying copper is rarely useful, and relying on getting lucky to use a mine to upgrade it to a silver is pretty bad as it really dilutes your deck. These are only guidelines. Dominion is a dynamic enough game that no strategy should ever be followed to the letter. Use your judgement and knowledge of combos to make a good choice, but flexibility is always important. Another very interesting read is about the silver test , which is basically where you weigh all your $3, $4, and $5 choices against a silver. If you read this, be sure to skim through read the replies with +20 score to make sure you get both sides of the story! Evaluating a kingdom set properly takes practice, and experience is the best teacher. However, this should give you a pretty good start to learning some of the most important issues. If you want to see some other specific sets analyzed, post them in a different question and I'd be glad to help. :) 
2164	boardgames	 I think the real issue you're having is with attack cards in general. If you want more player interaction, a bit more competition, the necessity for on the fly adaptations, and everybody's fine with keeping attacks in, then go for it. The choose between a more or less competitive game is one we have to make every time we sit down to play. When in doubt, ask the other people what they think. :D 
2165	boardgames	 When you've been lynched by the villagers or ripped apart by the werewolves, I believe the rules say those players are completely out of the game and should not contribute in any way. In the handful of Werewolves games I've played, some of those dead characters are put out that they aren't playing any more &amp; decide they'll go and do something else, hence splitting up the party. Do people have any house-rules or innovative ideas for what dead players can be doing within (or around) the game as it continues? 
2166	boardgames	 I've always played with just 8-9 people, so the dead just wait for the next turn, which is going to happen in a matter of minutes (and it's fun). One of the "official" game rules actually have a role for dead people too, but I fear that it would make the game needlessly complex. update : I kind of found out. Those rules had people during the day first chose to nominees to be burnt, then everyone could vote which one to burn between those two: this last vote could be cast by ghosts too, which anyway could not talk. This is an extremely lame and boring rule: it adds unnecessary complexity it either forces the ghosts to keep the eyes closed during the night (lame: it's fun to see what's going on!) or it makes them way too powerful (just terrible) 
2167	boardgames	 While I don't know any, you can easily figure it out and try if that works. Official rules state: (players, panels, tokens) I find it odd it allows 7 and 8 players to play with either 4 or 5 panels without varying the amount of token to use. I read it "you must use it, but we have to provide rules to allow you to play even if you don't have it". Assumed that, there are two ways to amend it. the more conservative approach is to just assume they meant the western extra panel to be used and keep the tokens as they were. Problem is you would need a sixth panel to add a ninth player, and it doesn't officially exist (nor unofficially, AFAIK). If you take this route, you'll automatically also get a 10-player version, using 6 panels and 47 tokens. the optimistic approach assumes they messed up the token amounts trying to allow 7 and 8-player games to work both with 4 and 5 panels, so you fix it as in this table. They would both need testing; before actually testing them in the field, actually counting territories and population in each panel could help (I didn't, yet). 
2168	boardgames	 Whatever you do, you have to either nerf or totally remove the Monopoly card. A suggestion could be to allow it to steal only 1 resource from each player, but I feel it could be too powerful even in that case. Since there would have to be a huge number of hexes, the luck would increase too much, hence I would recommend a diceless variant . You should also allow at least two "longest road" and "most knights" bonuses. Finally, you would really have to strictly limit the trade phase somehow. 
2169	boardgames	 You mean I've been lying on the floor with my limbs twisted and an expression of ghastly terror frozen on my face all these times, and I didn't have to? Man! I wonder if perhaps people bitten by werewolves should become junior werewolves - or at least ghosts, who can silently haunt people they feel helped stitch them up, and perhaps suggest future victims to the werewolves by pointing? EDIT - I didn't really mean that death should involve promotion to full werewolf status. See my comment below for what was actually going through my mind when I typed that those bitten by werewolves should become a werewolf. Whoops! 
2170	boardgames	 A simple game variant is that dead people can become ghosts. This means that they still close their eyes, but do not vote. During the day, they can still talk and participate in discussions. Obviously, one's status is NOT revealed when one is killed. It's up to the moderator to say when the game is over. This changes the game, since it's not possible to eliminate 'leaders', but it can keep everyone engaged. 
2171	boardgames	 Personally, I like that goons opens up the possibility of winning without buying green cards as well as the possibility to have monstrous turns when you've stacked a few goons. But fun is subjective, if it's not fun for a subset of the players in your group, it is simply not fun for them. While attacks usually get meaner in Dominion games with more players, Goons isn't really one of the attacks that gets nastier in larger Dominion games. Since being hit by 10 goons is no worse than being hit by 1, the number of players doesn't matter so much. Contrast this with a card like witch, where the damage done scales in proportion to how many are played. Messing with all 5 opponents isn't necessarily better than messing with a single opponent. You still have to beat all of your opponents. Imagine you could either get 5 points, or cost every opponent in the game 3 points. In a 6 player game, you could theoretically cost each opponent 3 points, for a total of 3 * 5 = 15 points, but you'd still only have a relative advantage on each opponent of 3 points. If instead you took the five point gain, you would have gained 5 points on each of your opponents. Even though the "net damage" increases with the number of players, the "relative advantage per player" is really the important metric, which is often number of players invariant in Dominion. 
2177	boardgames	 In Werewolves there are many Villager roles: normally we play essentially the same roles every time and the players know exactly which are the roles that are going to be used. If you have 8 players you could choose to play with, for example, 2 wolves, 3 plain villagers and 3 "special villagers" taking at random the 3 special villagers from a pool of say, 6 possible ones. The main advantage of this variant is that no one knows if a specific role even exists in that round until the end of the round, which may or may not be fun. The downsides include the moderator will have to spend more time calling for all the possible roles using cards from a poker set becomes more of an issue with more roles, so you'll probably want to have cards that actually say which role you are Additionally, the wolves can fake to be villagers much more easily. What do you think about this variant? Have you ever tried anything like this? What elements were fun at first but weren't in the long run? 
2178	boardgames	 I've found that if you introduce too much chaos it becomes way, way more difficult for the villagers to figure out what's going on. Even if they were picking 3 roles from among 4 you've added enough chaos that you'll likely need at least one more villager (depending on the roles). I've played it that way a few times and it's been kind of fun, but it throws deduction and intuition out the window, leaving it pretty much entirely a game of chance. Which, of course, the villagers almost always lose since only the wolves have any real idea of what's going on. 
2179	boardgames	 The only thing holding me back from playing Settlers with BOTH the Traders and Barbarians set and the Seafarers set at once is the thought of sorting the pieces out at the end and getting everything back into the correct boxes. Is there a marking method out there that does not mar the beauty of the pieces but makes packing-up easier? 
2180	boardgames	 I don't have the Traders and Barbarians expansion, but assuming it doesn't come with a list of components, you could do the following: If you have a digital camera and a color printer, you could take one of each component from an expansion, group them together and take a picture of the components, print off a copy of the picture, and keep that picture with your expansion box. Repeat for each expansion. Then, when it is time to pick up, just refer to the picture list of components of where everything needs to go. If you don't have a digital camera, I'm sure you could find images doing a Google Image Search for all the components. 
2181	boardgames	 I would just write down how much of what you need in each box and use that as a check list. If you remember what the pieces are called, a list is easier to make and doesn't require printing. Separating how many times of each tile goes in the Seafarers box and the base game box is a hassle. I've already put a list of components in my 5-6 player boxes for the extensions, but not in my Seafarers main expansion box. Next time I play Seafarers I'm going to add one. 
2182	boardgames	 I would suggest to kept the rule as they are, but speeding up the play at the beginning. For the first turns, just play the dice, collect your resources and pass the dice to your neighbor. After a few games, distributing resources should take 10 seconds. Even if the game take five turn to start, it's not an issue when those five turn are played in about a minute each. Just set the example by doing it yourself and explain to the other players that there is no point discussing about trade when everybody want resources nobody have. 
2183	boardgames	 I just bought the new Agricola "Gamer's Deck" from my local store - hooray! 119 sweet new Occupation / Minor Improvement cards that will keep me happy while I wrestle inwardly with the question of whether I can justify buying the silly-looking "Goodies" expansion for $60, just to scratch my completist's itch. Looking through the new cards though I found two which seemed to contradict each other. Can anyone tell me what happens if you get both of these in play? Pilgrim (Occupation) You receive 2 Food before you pay the costs of playing this Occupation. At the start of a round, if you have no building resources, you may take 1 building resource from the supply; if you have no Food, you may take 1 Food from the supply. (At any time, you many move resources from your personal supply to the general supply.) Pine Forest (Minor Improvement) At the start of each round, you may place 1 Wood on this card if you have zero Wood in your supply. When this card has 5 Wood, move the Wood from this card to your supply. ( You may not give Wood to the general supply for nothing.) If you have both the Pilgrim and the Pine Forest in play, can you "throw away" your spare Wood to keep the Pine Forest growing... or not? I am particularly confused on this point because both of the relevant lines on the cards are italicized, which gives them the air of being clarifications of the basic rules, rather than special abilities bestowed by the cards. Does the Pilgrim ruling override the Pine Forest's, or vice versa? Are you allowed to throw away resources at will in the ordinary course of the rules? (Not that a sane person would want to, but still...) You can sort of throw away animals you don't have room for... why not resources you don't want? Anyone think they know the definitive answer? 
2184	boardgames	 The definitive answer was given on BoardGameGeek by Hanno Girke (editor of the rules). The Pilgrim has priority. The Pine Forest just states a standard rule, it doesn't create a new rule. Therefore, as soon as you play Pilgrim, you override this rule. There is some background at play-agricola.com , where the Gamer's Deck was designed. As noted by Hanno, the standard rule is on the Pine Forest. You may not give goods from your supply to the general supply . 
2185	boardgames	 There are likely to be several sophisticated models postulated here for categorizing gamers' attributes, but I've found a comically simple model that's proven accurate across a variety of games. My model has two axes. The first is how quickly someone can learn a new game and rule set to become a competent player, where competent means they understand basic strategies, have discovered the obvious themes/patterns of successful game play, and don't make newbie blunders. The second is to what extent they are inwardly focused, where they spend their energy thinking about their moves and how to optimize them, versus outwardly focused, where they observe the play of others and actively tailor their strategy to exploit others weaknesses. Let's examine each of the four extremes. Quick-learning and inwardly focused I start here because this is my self-identified type. This person will often dominate whenever a new game is introduced to a group. They get the basics before anyone else and rip off a string of wins while everyone else is climbing up the learning curve. But then, as people become familiar with the game they'll slowly start winning less and less. Ultimately perhaps not winning very often at all in games that reward careful observation of other players (e.g. poker, chess, Dominion). Slow-learning and inwardly focused this player is doomed to mediocrity. While they are still trying to grasp the rules and basic strategy the rest of their group has mastered the basics and is well into fine tuning and optimization. Early on, this player is at the mercy of the quick learners; later on they're at the mercy of everyone else, who have now not only learned how to play but have an edge because they adapt their play as the game unfolds. Slow-learning and outwardly focused this player takes longer to come up to speed on a new game because they don't learn by trying to scheme based on the rules; this player spends their early games attempting to determine winning strategies by observing the play of others. They take a practical approach to learning, which results in early losses as they fumble for the winning formula but serves them well in the long run. Fast-learning and outwardly focused good luck beating this person. They learn new games quickly and can scheme based on theory and observation. They start with a lead and adapt their play continuously to always stay one step ahead of the competition. Importantly, I don't consider these traits immutable descriptions of a player. For example, I consider myself a fast learning and outwardly focused Axis and Allies player, but quick-learning and inwardly focused at Dominion. I'm always competitive at A&amp;A, but after our third time playing have only sporadically won at Dominion. A&amp;A has a static setup, fully public knowledge, and rewards good math skills and spatial reasoning. Dominion has reams of private knowledge and rewards understanding combinations and tailoring play to the random setup. ICodeForCoffee's description of intelligence types and game genres is useful in understanding how this is possible; a person's innate learning type may enable them to quickly learn the rules to a counting and pattern recognition game like cribbage but prevent them from ever really being able to perform the mental probability calculations required by Axis and Allies. Or someone might dominate at chess, where all knowledge is public, but be unable to deal with the implications of private knowledge and encoded communication in a game like Hearts, Spades, or Bridge. 
2186	boardgames	 Can someone give a good summary of each expansion for Race for the Galaxy, and explain how it changes the game? Is it worth it to buy the expansions straight out? Or is it fine to stick with the base game as long as you want? What's the compelling reason to expand? Just curious! 
2187	boardgames	 A house rule I've played is that the first dead person becomes a ghost. They can keep their eyes open and watch the rest of the game, and cannot speak. Every morning they may write a clue in the form of a single letter (not using the player's initials) to show the people who are still alive. The reason it's only the first person to be killed is that they haven't had much of a chance to participate otherwise in the game, not even in the first round of lynching. It can also be quite good if you have new players in the group, as it gives the people still alive a focus for their discussion. 
2188	boardgames	 For the tiles it's quite easy to write the expansion (or print it out on a sticker for a nicer look) on the bottom. 
2189	boardgames	 The thing that seperates the newbies from the intermediate players in RISK is: KNOW WHEN TO STOP ATTACKING. Essentially, the inexperienced player will look at the board, look at the forces he has, the forces the enemy has, realize that he has enough men to carry the day, and attack. He is, however, looking at the wrong pieces. Instead, a player should look at the forces he has, the forces the enemy has, and then consider how many of his men would survive his planned attack , comparing those pieces to how many men the enemy will have available to retaliate with on his next turn . Its not enough to take territory (except for throwaway attacks for the sake of a Risk Card). One must take the territory with sufficient survivors to hold it next turn. 
2190	boardgames	 Assuming you play no-limit cash games: Personally, I like to cbet every single flop but only if i was the aggressor preflop (that means i raised before the flop - no one re-raised me and there are one or more callers). If the aggressor was someone else, you should be more careful: Obviously you want to raise the flop for value if hit something (and you think you are ahead). In that case, your bet size should depend on the structure of flop (draw heavy means bigger bets). If you miss, you have to consider to fold. A few words regarding bet size: Bets less than 1/3 the pot are meaningless in almost every situation (exception are thin value bets and so on in higher stakes games - you probably have quite a few things to lean, before you need to worry about such things). Bets more than 1/1 the pot are usually to much - you just don't get called by weaker hands often enough to make it profitable in the long run. 
2191	boardgames	 So I already understand that when Spirit Ghouls are the already-in-decline race, they cannot make any conquests on the turn that the active race declines, but do they score victory points for the territories they already hold? 
2192	boardgames	 So Orcs get a bonus for conquering unoccupied territories. If the Orcs abandon a territory and then re-conquer it later in a turn, do they get the bonus? Technically they are conquering an unoccupied territory, but should it read "unoccupied at start of the player's turn?" 
2193	boardgames	 You have it backwards. Orcs do not gain a bonus for conquering unoccupied territories. From the Rule Book , emphasis mine: Orcs Each not empty Region your Orcs conquered this turn is worth 1 bonus Victory coin, at the end of your turn. Vacating a territory would mean that it was unoccupied when conquered, and therefore the orcs would not get a bonus. 
2194	boardgames	 Yes , From the Spirit description in the Rule Book . You may thus end up with two different races In Decline on the map at the same time and score for them both . 
2195	boardgames	 The most compelling reason to get the RftG expansions is to get more cards overall. This makes the game more replayable and allows for different interactions between cards from the original set and the expansions. As for each expansion, you can expect the following: The Gathering Storm: Ups the total player count to 5, adds more cards, new start worlds, goals (ways to score VPs by accomplishing certain things), and a "robot" that allows you to play solitaire. It introduces drafting rules. Rebel vs. Imperium: Ups the total player count to 6, adds more cards, new start worlds, introduces takeover/warfare mechanic that allows players to conquer other players military worlds (sounds more interesting than it really is). The Brink of War: Adds more cards, more goals, new start worlds, more counters for the solitaire game, introduces Galactic Prestige mechanism and a once-per-game power to search cards or add bonuses to your selected phase. You can play RftG with all of these expansions by using Keldon's RftG AI . 
2196	boardgames	 The expansions all have different themes to them, and they change up the game play in significant ways. The first expansion, The Gathering Storm , is easily the most interesting in terms of changing up the game play. It adds in the goals, which channels play in different ways in each game. That, plus the new start worlds, provide enough extra variety that I'd suggest it's worth getting after playing roughly 25 games or so of the base game. That many games allows you to see the different strategies that are available and become familiar with the approaches. Rebel vs. Imperium has an excellent new start world mechanic, where each player gets dealt two start worlds with their opening hand and then gets to make a choice. This, on its own, justifies the expansion I think. The takeover mechanic isn't especially interesting, it just doesn't come up terribly often, so really here, you're talking about just beefing up the deck and providing more variety. The Brink of War , honestly, I don't care for. The prestige mechanics seem to tilt things pretty far back towards military being the most successful strategy. Perhaps I'm just not very adept at it, but after about 15 games or so, I'm close to taking the cards out of my deck. Alien Artifacts is actually the start of a new expansion cycle. It's designed to be played with just the base game, and it changes things in a very different way than the first three. It introduces a map that the players build, with the players moving around on the map to find new stuff. Explore becomes a first-class action with the expansion, which isn't really much true in the other ones. I only have four or so games with it, and I think some of the rules for building the map are kind of inelegant (although understandable why they are the way they are), but it's a fun experience. I'd still probably buy it third of the four expansions, though. 
2197	boardgames	 In Words with Friends , a Scrabble clone for the iPhone, slang words - such as the following - are permitted: za , slang for "pizza," lez , slang for "lesbian," And so on... Are slang words allowed in official Scrabble games / tournaments? 
2199	boardgames	 You can check for yourself at the Official Scrabble Dictionary . According to that site: za is a legal word lez is not (Keep reading) Words With Friends uses the Enhanced North American Benchmark Lexicon with a few additions per their website . ENABLE is a public domain word list for use with word programs. Thanks to @thesun's research it is obvious that the website is not the final word for Scrabble tournaments. Apparently the Scrabble folks censor their website, and books of around 200 offensive words. To get the complete list you have to join the National Scrabble Association and pay for it. For most tournaments that will be the list used. If the tournament is televised then perhaps those 200 offensive words will not be allowed. 
2201	boardgames	 One of the most fun party games I've played (and the one that has generated the most laughter) is Eat Poop You Cat (or its commercial version, Telestrations). All you need is a stack of index cards (or paper) and a pen or marker for each player. Each person begins by writing a word or sentence on the top card or on top of the paper. They then pass their paper or card stack to the person on their left or right. This person looks at the words written and on the next card or below the words and then draws a picture illustrating the words. Then, they put the card with the words at the bottom of the stack or fold over the top of the paper, and pass it on to the next person who writes a word or sentence describing the picture. This repeats until everyone playing has gone through the process with each stack of card or paper. When people get their original stack or paper back, the chain of pictures and sentences is then revealed, generally to much laughter. 
2202	boardgames	 A while ago I played a game of Puerto Rico with all of the buildings from Expansion II: The Nobles. One of the players pretty much had a run-away game using Villa + Jeweler, and we were pretty much at a loss as to how to stop it. With the new expansion, each time the Colony Ship is refilled, one of the colonists is replaced by a Noble. Each Noble is worth 1 VP at the end of the game, but more importantly they can trigger other buildings. Mayoring became the hot action of the day, and the Corn player pretty much forsaking all building until they hit 6 doubloons + quarry + building privilege to buy the Jeweler (they were pretty much Captaining the rest of the time, if you're curious). The Jeweler gives you 1 doubloon in the Craft phase for each Noble you have, which isn't exactly overpowered given it's cost, until you bring Villa into the picture. Within two turns of Crafting, the Jeweler player had enough money to buy a Villa, which lets you take an additional Noble from the supply when anyone mayors. Thus, if he would Mayor, he could actually get two Nobles, one from the ship and one from the supply. This is pretty much where the game got silly, because every Mayor gave him +1/2 endgame VP which translated into +1/2 more doubloons during the crafting phase, which, in turn let him buy the Royal Gardens (+1 VP for each noble at end of game) and other big-ticket items quickly. I'm not sure which part of the combo is broken, though, the Villa or the Jeweler? The Jeweler is more expensive than the Factory, but rewards you for something you already want to do (collect Nobles). The Villa simply gives you an extra Noble each turn (1 VP a turn isn't unreasonable), but put them together and the free money starts to roll in. Short of all other players buying Villas as soon as someone buys a Jeweler, or applying a house rule, how can you counter this? Or have others seen that Jeweler + Villa is degenerate enough to simply not allow both buildings in the game at the same time? 
2203	boardgames	 In playing Catan for 2 (the traders and barbarians expansion) on your turn, you roll the dice twice. Can you build or trade in between your dice rolls? 
2204	boardgames	 Slang words are 100% allowed in Scrabble - well, as long as they've been around long enough to have found their way into the dictionary. The idea that slang is in some way verboten in Scrabble is mysteriously widespread among casual players I've run across. I defy them to find that prohibition in the actual rules! "Za" is a fairly recent addition to the canon of official Scrabble words - I think it was popularized by the TV show Friends, or something? But it's now kosher, and a very welcome way of being able to quickly play a Z, especially in parts of the word that don't believe me when I tell them that ZO is a type of Himalayan ox. (Similarly, where would the game of Scrabble be without QI? Nearly unplayable, that's where.) "Lez" may or may not be allowed the wordlist Pat had checked, but I'm pretty damn sure that some Scrabble wordlists have it in. (Mind you, I'm English, and the English official Scrabble wordlist is about twice the size of the American, so that could explain it.) There was a televised world Scrabble championship of some kind which was notorious for one of the players playing "LEZ" in the final - and the judges quickly ruling it legal in spluttering embarrassment, due to the word's obvious potential to deprave and corrupt youngsters in the viewing audience. I'm pretty sure the implication was that LEZ was indeed in the wordlist: the guy was one of the top players in the world, and these people know their valid words. Afterwards he, quite rightly, said "I don't even think about what the words mean, I just play them if they're the best move". Happily, I do believe he went on to win the game and the championship! EDIT: Here's a sample news article about the "lez" incident: 
2205	boardgames	 I would say no, you cannot. The rules explicitly state what you can do after each roll: Immediately after each of the two dice rolls, the two real players obtain resources and/or move the robber (a “7” result). Since there is no mention of building or trading, I would say you could only build and trade after finishing all rolling. That would make the order is Roll &gt; Get resources &gt; Roll a second time (repeating as necessary to get a different value than the first) &gt; Get resources from second roll &gt; Continue play as normal. Think of it this way -- you are player two, and the other human player is player four. You are effectively rolling for player one's roll, then you roll for yourself and can buy and trade as normal. Then the other human player rolls for player three, and then they roll for themselves and can buy and trade as normal. 
2206	boardgames	 In a recent question we securely established that the "Longest Route" bonus in Ticket to Ride is earned by the largest number of train cars used to make the route, not the largest number of stops. This confused at least one smart user here, who had assumed the opposite to be true. After all, any fool can build a direct train from New York to Los Angeles, but surely a train that makes a few stops along the way to accumulate passengers would be a much more valuable commodity! I personally feel as if there could be a strong argument for switching the way that Longest Route works. After all, you already get lots of points for building the efficient 5- and 6-length routes that are the bread and butter of winning the Longest Route bonus. Wouldn't there be a more interesting tension in the game if building lots of inefficient, low-scoring routes was what lined you up for the bonus? I'm going to take this opportunity to suggest another variant, that I brainstormed up a little while ago: Contracts . Under this variant, any player could spend a move to sign a contract on a route: this is represented by taking one of their trains and placing it over the route, at right-angles to normal train placement. This train can be later used to build the route in question, but cannot otherwise be picked up from the board. At the end of the game, any uncompleted contracts score negative points equal to the positive points normally gained for completion of a route of that length. "Contract" trains do not count as being in the player's supply, for the purposes of determining if the game is about to end. What implications would adopting these variants have on Ticket to Ride strategy and gameplay? Are they terrible ideas? 
2207	boardgames	 In the base game of RftG, if you chose Consume&gt;Trade as the action, do you have to trade on a card that has a $ ability? If it is a +3 and do you get +3 cards in addition to the normal trade value? 
2208	boardgames	 You first sell any one of your available goods for the number of cards indicated by the kind of good (i.e. 2 cards for a Novelty good, up to 5 for an Alien good). Some cards in your tableau may have Trade powers (marked with a $) that may affect what you get from this trade. Then you must use as many of the Consume powers (marked with a IV) as you have on your cards as possible, on as many of the remaining goods that you have as you can. You can use these powers once only each, but you can use them in any order you like. From the way you phrase your question, it sounds as though you think that the initial Trade is performed based on one of your Consume powers, somehow. It isn't; the initial Trade is a completely independent bonus and takes place before you refer to the special powers of the cards in your tableau. 
2209	boardgames	 I wouldn't say they're terrible ideas. I REALLY like the first one as it would add another layer of depth to the game. The second I personally would leave out, just because racing to get the train cards you need is part of the fun. Being able to cut other players off too easily could change things. The penalty would need to be pretty hefty, because you could easily rob somebody of 20 points as they try to complete a long route. There's usually a few routes that end up critical to certain people in the game, and I could see a mechanic of "find out what destinations you opponents are trying to get to and do everything you can to stop them," which could make it a competition to see who has the highest negative score since nobody could complete their destinations. When you have to claim routes normally, you are loosing the privilege and resources to do something that would benefit you, and you need to have the right cards at the right time. Unless you happen to have a lot of cards or have been gathering cards of the same color by chance, you can't block. With contracts you'd be able to stop anyone at any time during your turn at the expense of just a few points if you didn't follow through later. In the original Ticket to Ride there's a powerful connection of short routes down the center of the country that link almost everything together. You could easily contract as many of these as possible in the beginning, work on your own destinations, then 'complete' your contracts at the end of the game since they're all short colorless routes. I've found hardcore players have shot down almost many variations I've seen posted, such as drawing 3 cards per turn, having the option to build AND draw in a turn, having 7 cards face up the whole game, etc. See a list of those here . The game is very carefully balanced in the sense of East vs. West, long vs. short routes, and attack vs. defense. This doesn't mean variants are bad, and if you have any revisions or others I'd love to see them. It just means that there is a delicate balance you have to be careful not to destroy if you want the game to retain its original feel. I haven't found many actual variants to the gameplay, but if you are able to print them and the additional cards there's a TON of fan created maps that give the game a new feel. and there's always the catapult expansion... 
2211	boardgames	 I would be interested to hear if anyone had recommendations for 2-player games that are particularly suitable for playing while travelling on trains. (I ask this as someone who mostly enjoys games like Carcassonne, Power Grid, Agricola, Pandemic, etc. around the table at home.) To be specific, the things that I think are important properties for these games are: Needing minimal table space. Most trains have a small table you could use, but not much more. Being quiet to play, so that other passengers won't be disturbed. For example, I imagine that games that involve repeatedly rolling dice wouldn't be appreciated. Packing down small, so that they don't take up much luggage space. Not requiring batteries or a power socket. (I appreciate that an iPhone or a Nintendo DS for each player might be a good solution more generally, but it's not what I'm after in this case.) Not being so delicate to arrange that motion from the train will unduly disrupt the play. I think it would be best to recommend one game (or class of games) per answer, if that's appropriate, and explain why you think it's particularly suitable. (Incidentally, I've read the guidance on good questions about game recommendations and hope this question meets the criteria.) Update: Thanks for so many excellent suggestions - we certainly won't be short of games for our next long train journey :) Update 2: Unfortunately, I can't really playtest this many great games in any reasonable time period, so I'm going to accept the top-voted answer (Cribbage) and try out the others as soon as I can. Thanks again... 
2212	boardgames	 I would suggest Cribbage. Not much space is required, it is quick to set up and put away, involves no more noise than any game between two players, and is a very good game. It is also best enjoyed with a glass of something in the other hand, increasing its suitability for a train journey. If you don't know how to play (and it isn't terribly complicated, although rather different from other card games), have a look here... 
2213	boardgames	 At what point in a Dominion game should a player stop buying middle value cards (e.g., Silver or other cards more suited to mid-game play than Province/Colony-buying sprees)? 
2214	boardgames	 One important thing is knowing how many reshuffles are left for you in the game. Different kingdom cards will lend themselves to different deck sizes, which in turn can tell you how much victory cards are going to weigh down your deck. If another player is looking to end the game soon and is ahead, you probably want to scramble to get as many points as you can, even if its from duchies and estates instead of provinces. This is really helpful when deciding when to buy the lower victory cards. Its usually fairly easy to get an idea of how many turns are going to go by before the game ends by looking at how many cards are left in the various relevant piles and how quickly players are buying them. You should always have a general sense of how many cards are in your deck. Within 5 cards of the total size is good, though I've seen people who can tell you how many cards are in their deck AND discard pile at any point in the game. Divide by the average number of cards you're drawing per turn to get a rough estimate of how many reshuffles are left. If you have a treasure heavy deck and not many sources of +cards, you may draw an average of 6 or less cards per turn. If you've got a super action chaining deck you may have an average of 9 or more cards per turn. Obviously its very difficult to get a precise estimate of the number of reshuffles left due to its many influencing factors, but you can usually do well enough. Unless you have more than 6 reshuffles left, just buy the dang province. If you have 3-4 reshuffles left, consider getting that duchy. I you have 1-2, get an estate or whatever the hell you can because there's no point in doing anything that doesn't get you direct points. Obviously this is a very inexact science, and these are just very general rules. There's a ton of factors that affect your decisions on every turn. There's 2 important things in Dominion: Knowing how to build an efficient deck in the beginning and mid-game. Knowing when to stop making your deck efficient and just get those dang points! :D 
2215	boardgames	 blokus I haven't been on a ton of trains, but blokus should meet your requirements pretty well. The pieces stay well enough on the board you should be fine even with a bumpier ride. 
2216	boardgames	 set The noise is minimal and the cards don't slip around very much. 
2217	boardgames	 forbidden island The rules are fairly simple, and like other cooperatives its a great first time game because you're not worried about losing alone, you're worried about your entire group losing. I've gotten several groups of friends addicted to this game after one play, and soon they all knew the rules better than I did and were able to correct mistakes I didn't even know I was making. 
2218	boardgames	 Using all 7 tiles nets a Scrabble player a 50-point bonus and is sometimes referred to as a "Bingo". I'm curious: how did that term come into use and why does it have such meaning? 
2219	boardgames	 There is a good detail on Scrabble Bingo's on the Wikipedia page here . Bingo is a game where each player is issued a card with numbers. A caller calls out numbers drawn at random and the player will cross of numbers on their card. The first person to have all of their numbers crossed off will shout out Bingo! So there is a parallel between this game where all of the numbers have been marked on the card and using all of your tiles in Scrabble. You can read more about the game Bingo on its wiki page . Note the wiki page mentions that game has its earliest recording in 1776. It is my assumption it was long popular before Scrabble and that is why the term was borrowed for Scrabble because of the parallel mentioned above. I checked the Online Etymology Dictionary and it says the origin of the phrase is unclear. If you want to know more about the word itself you should try asking as a separate question on https://english.stackexchange.com/ 
2220	boardgames	 Consume &gt; Trade gives you access to a special phase that only players who select Consume &gt; Trade can perform. During that phase, you must sell any one good from any planet in your tableau for 2/3/4/5 (blue/brown/green/yellow) cards. If you have any $ powers, those will change your payout for your single allowed trade, but you do not need any of them and the traded good can come from any world. 
2221	boardgames	 One of the first things I try and figure out when evaluating a set of kingdom cards is to try and figure out which way I think the game will end. Is it going to be a three-stack game or a province/colony game? Are there cards that push it in one direction or another? Am I going to try and push it one way or another, and what do I know about the tendencies of my fellow gamers (and their first turn purchases)? If I believe that it's going to be a three-stack game, or I will be pushing it that way, there is no mid-game for me. I'm usually going to try and buy as many VP cards as I can while keeping my deck's head above water. Since I've evaluated the tableau and decided that there won't be an extended run on Provinces/Colonies, the bar for success in my deck has changed. Trying to keep a consistent 5 purchase power (for Duchies) is a much different thing than trying to build to a consistent 8 or more, and in such a deck, mid-power cards can always be useful. If I've decided that it's going to be a game where one of the big VP stacks is going to run out, then presumably I've decided how I'm going to drive me economy. At every step of the way, what matters more to me than anything else is answering two rolling questions: what is the average value of the cards in my deck and how does my purchase change that number. Adding silver to a starting deck changes things from .7 $/c to .82 $/c, pretty good. A Laboratory, added to a starting deck, does a little worse, .76 $/c. But, later on in the game, if you've got a deck that is averaging 1.5 $/c over, say, 25 cards, adding a silver doesn't do much, 1.52 $/c. But a Lab does better, 1.62 $/c. Etc. Obviously, I'm not computing this stuff directly at the table, but you should have a rough idea of where you are at and should only buy cards that can move the needle. Stuff like Silver (or similar cards that don't have +Cards attached to them) is limited, and should be avoided once the average value of your deck is getting close to their inherent value. 
2222	boardgames	 There are monsters that can't pass through the doors, Dragon for example. And the Bullrog kicks out the doors and make them a passageway instead. 
2223	boardgames	 Fluxx Fluxx and all the variants definitely meet all the requirements. However, if you want a strategy game its definitely not a good choice, so I expect this to get voted down just for that. Its a different game with two players, and fairly quiet if you ignore the zombie fluxx card that requires you to groan whenever a zombie creeper shows up. :) 
2224	boardgames	 We've played several games of Bohnanza as a family, and one thing I quickly realized was how important it is to keep an eye on what cards have been taken out of the game as money for harvesting. Usually the cocoa and garden beans, as they are worth the same number of coins as beans, disappear from the game fairly early and never show up again. This makes the second time through the deck fairly different, and the third time is drastically different since so many cards are gone. This got me thinking: How would the game change if we used counters to represent obtained money instead of facedown cards? It would obviously keep the game more consistent across rounds, leading to less variation and a more continuous game. Would doing so 'ruin' the game? Are there any other consequences I should be aware of? What other possible variations are there on how to keep score? 
2226	boardgames	 It would sort of ruin the game for me, I think. One of the things I like about Bohnanza is that superficially it's a pretty easy game: certainly you can bring it out with non-gamery types or children and it will be a hit, due to the colourful cards and the social aspect of the trading. However, there are strategic undercurrents to Bohnanza that set it apart from, I don't know, Uno and the like. And one of the main ones is the fact that, if you're paying attention, you can realize that, as the game progresses, the value of beans is changing as cards leave play to become gold coins. If you are paying more attention than other players, you can be planting the most advantageous beans remaining while they carelessly plant beans most of whose brethren are sitting in people's coin piles. If you remove the facedown cards rule, you still have a fun game, but I think it's a game that's almost totally ruled by charisma. If you're the sort of person that people like trading with, you'll probably win. (The ladies in our group are less cutthroat than the guys, and quite often do very well at Bohnanza, simply because we are obviously checking values of beans and saying "no, no, that's not a very good trade for me, I'd need another card" - so they stop trading with us!) So it makes me much happier that there's an element to the game which allows good sense of which beans are in and out of the deck at any given point to make a profit. I like that having some smarts can allow you to maximise your chances against the luck of the draw. Having said that, Bohnanza is above all a supremely fun game, and when I sit down to it I quite often don't bother to obsessively card count, or go into "analysis paralysis" over my moves. You could change the money-representing mechanism and I'm sure I'd still enjoy Bohnanza about the same: I'd be sad that the potential for some cunning and counting had disappeared, on some level, too though. One final thing that you want to watch for is that the game will last a lot longer if cards aren't being removed from the deck in each pass. I really like the fact that the first pass is a pretty leisurely affair, while by the third pass people are saying "holy moley, is the game that close to finishing?" It adds a lot of tension to proceedings. In fact, the ability to cash in or to hold up from cashing is a way that players have to control the pace of the game and the constituency of the deck: that's another way that changing the rules would adversely effect players' chances of being "clever" in the game! In short, I think Bohnanza is a spectacularly well-designed game with a lot of depths that you might not notice on your first few games - as you'd expect from the great Uwe Rosenberg. I personally wouldn't tinker with it, I think it would lose a lot. But if you want a longer, more carefree, more socially-oriented game then it could be worth a try anyway! 
2227	boardgames	 To answers your actual question, rather than dance around the issue: Dominion box sets always have a number of cards that ends in 0 (i.e. are a multiple of 10). For any extra cards they need, they put in blanks. There are 500 cards each for Intrigue; Base; and Dark Ages, 300 each for Seaside; Prosperity; and Hinterlands, and 150 each for Alchemy; Cornucopia; and Guilds. My theory is that they didn't want to print too many of the blank cards, so Base included 7 randomizers for cards you would never actually need randomizers for. You'll notice that Intrigue, despite also having those 7 decks, doesn't include those in the randomizers? Intrigue has 6 more normal cards than Base does. This is due to Intrigue having 4 Kingdom card Victory decks (Duke, Great Hall, Harem, and Nobles), while Base only has 1 (Gardens)... and Victory cards always have 12 cards per deck, rather than the usual 10. 
2228	boardgames	 Proper Usage This tag should be used for variations to a game that come from: Suplemental material from an official website (designer, publisher) Magazine articles Optional rules from the rulebook Related Tags house-rules : This tag should be used instead of variants when the change to a game originated outside of the sources noted above. 
2229	boardgames	Officially sanctioned optional rules only. This is not for house rules, see below!
2230	boardgames	 If there is anything boardgamers like better than playing games, it might be thinking about ways to change or tweak them to suit our particular taste. Discussion about ways to vary a boardgame are definitely on topic here. If the variation originates with an official source (the publisher or designer) then the question should be tagged with variants . As with most other subjects, you will get the best answers if you make the question specific. For house rules, this typically means giving a specific goal that you would want to achieve with a house rules. Thus, "How can I prevent [boring yet effective strategy x in game y] from winning by adopting a house rule?" is better than "How do I make [game y] more fun?". 
2231	boardgames	Rule changes, additions and options proposed by players for players. This is not for officially sanctioned variations - use the [variants] tag instead.
2233	boardgames	 As xiaohouzi (little monkey?) said, "bingo" comes from the game of Bingo. According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the word "bingo" comes from the word "bing" for a pile of something. In this case, presumably, it would be a pile of coins that you win for getting the right pattern on your card. The word "bing" is an old-fashioned word but still in use in northern England. Here's an example from Robert Burns's poem, The Brigs of Ayr . Robert Burns is a well-known Scottish poet. 'Twas when the stacks get on their winter hap, And thack and rape secure the toil-won crap; Potatoe-bings are snugged up frae skaith O' coming Winter's biting, frosty breath; The bees, rejoicing o'er their summer toils, Unnumber'd buds an' flow'rs' delicious spoils, Seal'd up with frugal care in massive waxen piles, Are doom'd by Man, that tyrant o'er the weak, 
2234	boardgames	 Can't Stop I built my own travel version out of Lego, but you might not be that keen. It is a dice game, so that might be a down side for you. I used some tiny little dice in a clear plastic container, so that was quieter and avoided losing the dice. You could also use a Deck of Dice to reduce dice hassles. It might even have some interesting effects on the game since you can't roll four of a kind with two cards from a single deck of dice. If you're feeling crafty, you could mount four spinners from thrift-store games onto a piece of cardboard and write the numbers 1-6 around each spinner. 
2235	boardgames	 I've done lots of playtesting and never been asked to sign anything. My friend Jay has recently gotten some games published and he's blogging about the experience . You might find his posts on playtesting interesting. 
2236	boardgames	 There are many different Checkers variants , but I believe most of them use a forced capture rule. 
2237	boardgames	 Bohnanza The mechanics are very simple, and everyone I've played with makes all great decisions after the first round. Remembering which cards are still in the deck takes some focus, and the social aspect of trading keeps things interesting. :D 
2238	boardgames	 While this may seem disappointing, my advice is: don't. Descent is a great game in its single-dungeon mode, and while it might look appealing to bring your characters from a dungeon to another, it actually "just doesn't work". One of the fun things about this game is the weapon progression: as you go on, you might find cooler weapons to use. This works well in a single dungeon, but is crap in the campaign: after just a few encounters it is likely that every player will have the best-in-slot weapon for that campaign level, and anything else they can find will just be sold away. This takes away a lot of fun from the game. Moreover due to setting and stuff you end up wasting so much time playing just a couple of (short) encounters in the campaign, that you could have played a whole (much longer) dungeon in the standard game. If you really want to keep a few things from one dungeon to another, you could keep the same characters, follow the standard rules about xp and progression, and change a character with another one if he dies. 
2239	boardgames	 With 3 players, remove the Cocoa Beans from the game. With 4 or 5 players, remove the Coffee Beans from the game. With 6 or 7 players , remove the Cocoa Beans and the Garden Beans from the game. What's the logic behind this? Is there any reason cocoa beans only work with a medium number of players? I can see the potential logic of wanting to keep them occurring at a certain frequency, but how does that 'improve' the game. It they are common, players will scramble to get them due to rarity, and with more players they will be powerful in trade. These are key elements to the game, and I don't see why the rules specifically try to prevent these conditions that are just a natural part of the game. Same thing with coffee beans, why do the most common beans only work with a medium number of players? What effect will changing these rules have on the game? 
2241	boardgames	 Well, with 3 players, it is guaranteed that at least 1 player will draw more than 1 cocoa bean, which is a large advantage. With increasing numbers of players, it seems likely that they would just get thrown away. Not sure if either of these thoughts were what the game designers were actually thinking, but it's a theory. 
2242	boardgames	 Ignore them if you like, they aren't mandatory. Those are all listed after the main rules section under a heading entitled, "Variations based on the number of players" You can find a probable reason for those rules on BoardGameGeek . To sum it up, the original German version of Bohnanza was for 3-5 players. There was an expansion that included support for 6-7 players which added the 4 (Cocoa), 22(Wax) and 24(Coffee) beans. This expansion was included for the english language release of the game by Rio Grande Games. One can make an assumption that between the release of the expansion in 1997 and the Rio Grande version in English (2000) that it was felt that the additional cards led to a longer, possibly less satisfying game. The variations based on number of players appears to be an attempt to improve, and definitely shorten the game (particularly with &lt; 6 players). 
2243	boardgames	 How about any of the myriad "travel-size" games, such as chess, checkers, othello, scrabble, etc? 
2244	boardgames	 Ticket to Ride: The Card Game My family took this on our trip to Europe expressly to play on trains, and we successfully conducted several three-player games that way. You get a solid variant of the award-winning TtR in a very small space. We packed it into a box meant to hold a deck of Magic cards and thought the space it took was well worth it. 
2245	boardgames	 Ingenious: Travel Edition Ingenious is a very solid abstract game in its own right - a Knizia design. This travel edition looks like exactly what you're looking for. The board holds the pieces and score markers firmly in place, and it's made for two. 
2247	boardgames	 Boggle is one of my favorite games and can be enjoyably played alone or with two, three, or four players. It's got a small form factor and requires little space in your suitcase. The only potential downside is shaking the tiles can be a bit noisy if you're not careful, but it is possible to shake them with only minimal noise. There are also a variety of boardgames that offer travel-sized versions, from Chess to Go to Checkers. These are usually considerably smaller and have magnetic pieces to ensure there isn't slippage when going around a bend or coming to a stop and are more suitable for car rides, but I imagine they'd work for a train ride. Perhaps the most portable gaming system is a deck of playing cards. Unfortunately, there aren't nearly as many card games for two players as there are for three or more, but there are still some gems. As Brian Hooper noted, Cribbage is a great two player card game and can be played without a board, keeping score on a piece of paper. Here are some other two player card games that you might give a try: Honeymoon bridge - if you enjoy bridge this is an entertaining variation for two. Not as much strategy as with four, but still fun and a great way to pass the time. Gin rummy - played this a lot as a kid and, from what I remember, it was a lot of fun (at least for a kid!). Speed - this might not be the most suitable game for a train ride since it involves each player "discarding" as quick as they can, which can make it a bit boisterous, but it is worth exploring and is especially fun after a cup (or two) of coffee. Crazy 8s - fun and easy. Most two player card games I've encountered are usually quite simple with straightforward rules and little to no strategy. They serve more as an outlet to pass the time. If you are looking for more of a thinking man's two player game, consider a classic like Chess or Go. 
2248	boardgames	 I used to play Axis &amp; Allies all the time when I was younger. I recently purchased the Axis &amp; Allies Revised Edition, and was floored by all the added complexity/new units/new rules/map changes. It was definitely a whole pile of fun, but I notice now that there are many other versions of Axis &amp; Allies available as well. Are the "new" rules the same across all the "new" versions? Does each version have its own rules? Are the differences in the rules relatively minor, or do I need to keep track of six different sets of infantry rules for six different games? 
2249	boardgames	 My experience from playing both sides is that the Demons win more often than not. For the demon player: Try to always have two troglodyte packs on the board, ideally from two sides, two packs of 3 troglodytes is very hard on the humans. Keep them replenished, only power them up (ravenous, etc.) for sure hits or to position in front or behind. Attack the human with the lowest armor, if equal then attack human with most wounds, if equal then attack redeemer Event cards are very much worth it, grab them whenever you can The big demon usually isn't needed to win. Troglodyte swarms are great on their own. 
2250	boardgames	 It seems clear that the very valuable, very scarce beans will work best when there are neither too many nor too few players at the table. With too many players, these beans are too hard to make work: if you take a risk and plant one, at a competitive table you may never be allowed to plant another! Conversely, with too few players, these beans are too easy to make work: you stand a good chance of just randomly drawing into them on your turn and making a killing. I suspect the Coffee Beans exist to make up the numbers in games where the Cocoa and/or Garden beans have been removed. They are a pretty generic bean, plentiful and of low value, unlikely to rock any boats. I don't think the Coffee beans would be unbalanced in a 3/6/7 player game in and of themselves; but they need to be removed just because, if you'll allow me to mix my metaphors, too many beans spoil the broth. The more types of bean you have in the mix at any one time, the more random the draws become, and the less easy it is to discern a hopefully optimal strategy. (Equally, of course, too few beans makes it too easy to see the "best" plays.) Keeping the number of beans in play down to 9 or 10 at any one time keeps it easy, but not too easy, to wrap your head around the numbers of what's going on. If you just want a fun, random, noisy bean-collecting game where you don't really care about the finer points of game balance or cutthroat competitive strategy, I'd suggest that it's probably not worth your while removing and adding different types of beans between every game. Depends entirely on your motivations for playing Bohnanza! 
2251	boardgames	 Edit - The question was originally asked about the Revised edition, which is what this answer is based off of. For 2nd Edition rules I agree with the above answers, in that it is not worth it. I'll leave this answer up in case anyone wants an opinion on the Revised edition. Yes ...but it is dependent on the situation. Speaking in terms of long range aircraft and heavy bombers(I haven't used the others before), I can think of several advantages to use them(non-tournament rules). They provide an immediate benefit - Every purchase you make won't be of any benefit until your next turn. If you have a particularly important battle, a successful research can provide immediate benefit. For example, If you in the purchase phase while playing Germany and you plan on assaulting Moscow during the next turn, you may choose to purchase bombers since they are the only unit that would be able participate in the battle(assuming you have no additional Industrial Complexes). For the next turn, you could then research Heavy Bombers to effectively double the bombers hitting power. The only purchase you could make to help you in that fight is weapons development. Your opponent won't expect it - Your opponents pieces are to a large extent based off what they think are your capabilities. Since most people think weapons development is useless, they likely won't anticipate it. Your opponent may have a zone that they think is well fortified against attack but researching Heavy Bombers could move the odds to your side. They may also have a lone bomber or transport in an out of reach(by you) zone. Researching Long Range Aircraft could allow you to make a cheap kill and probably throw off their plans. Long Range Aircraft - Researching this means you need less planes to do the same amount. They could be used to attack Russia in one turn and then a fleet in the Atlantic in the next. This is especially beneficial for America since this allows them to bring their planes into action much earlier after being built. Heavy Bombers - In addition to the obvious benefit of bombers increased firepower, another benefit is that needing less planes for the same firepower means less chances of being shot down by anti-aircraft and thus saves IPCs. Regarding the accepted answer (I don't have the rep to comment), the math you used is based off rules in the Classic edition. In the Revised edition, the odds of getting your technology with a single dice is 1 in 6 and not 1 in 36. Also, I think it is best not to expect a concrete answer on this. The math on weapons development is never going to be very good because it is impossible to accurately gauge its benefit. I should note that when I actually research a weapon, I always use 4-8 dice. You may get lucky with one or two but I research it only when I think it is necessary. Anecdote of when I lost a major battle due to research: I was playing Axis(2-person game) and Japan had its original territories plus a few in USSR. It was the 5 or 6 turn and the Japan mainland only contained 6 bombers and a few fighters. America had a fairly large fleet off the Western U.S. coast whose purpose was to invade the Japanese mainland. I had a few carriers(with a couple planes) south of Japan but no other real naval force. My plan was that since the American fleet would require two moves to launch the invasion, I would concentrate on attacking China until the U.S. made its move. When that happens, I would throw 30 IPCs at Heavy Bombers(a calculated risk), then launch an air attack against the fleet(using the fighters as fodder and the carriers to land them on). I don't remember the exact configuration of forces but I remember that I expected to destroy the fleet with at least 3 or 4 bombers left over. What my opponent did was during the turn where the American fleet made the move, she successfully researched long range aircraft. She then sent fighters from China and fighters from her carriers in the Pacific and attacked the Japanese mainland. She easily destroyed the fighters and all 6 bombers while taking light losses. This was my entire air force(and my then my navy was mostly gone) so I didn't have much chance of repelling the next turn's invasion. After she triumphantly ended her turn and started playing USSR, I pointed to my German transport off of the western coast of Algeria, the infantry in Algeria and the undefended Eastern U.S. As it turned out, the only ground units in North America were infantry in the Western U.S.(and Britain couldn't come to the rescue) thus making the U.S. unable to take back its capitol. At this point my very peeved girlfriend conceded. 
2252	boardgames	 This is a community wiki This is a running list of the changes to the the traditional 1942 version of Axis &amp; Allies listing each progressive revision below it with all the changes from the previous version--just like software release notes. Please add to the list if you see something missing. Axis &amp; Allies (Nova Games Edition) — 1981 Initial release Axis &amp; Allies — 1984 a.k.a. "Axis &amp; Allies: Classic", 1986 reprint: "Axis &amp; Allies 2nd Edition" Map and setup is changed Sequence of play has been revised Costs and incomes are 1/100th that of the previous games Bombardment is added Neutral countries can no longer be occupied (previously, it could be done by paying a cost) Fighters can no longer be built directly onto carriers; they must be built in land areas and then travel to carriers Air units no longer add 1 to their movement if they start on islands Loading land units on ships is now part of the land movement phase, rather than naval movement phase Submarines now participate in normal naval combat, instead of firing a single salvo during their own phase prior to naval combat National advantages have been removed The option to produce an atomic bomb through technology research has been removed Axis &amp; Allies: Revised — 2004 a.k.a. Axis &amp; Allies 20th Anniversary Edition Map and setup has changed The Artillery and Destroyer units have been added Cost of fighters has been reduced from 12 IPCs to 10 Transports may now carry 1 armor + 1 infantry Armor attacks and defends on a 3+ Victory cities have been added as a replacement for economic victory Axis &amp; Allies: 50th Anniversary Edition — 2008 Italy and China have been added as factions A 1941 setup has been added in addition to the standard 1942 setup The Cruiser unit has been added Axis &amp; Allies: Spring 1942 — 2009 a.k.a. Axis &amp; Allies 25th Anniversary Edition The changes from the 50th Anniversary Edition are not incorporated except as follows The Cruiser unit has been added Axis &amp; Allies: Spring 1942 (Second Edition) — 2012 The Anti-aircraft Artillery unit has been added 
2253	boardgames	 Change Tech Research This post and the commonly held opinion described in its answers suggests that the A&amp;A tech tree could use some work. Here's a set of house rules that fixes the two main problems with the 2nd Edition rules (I haven't played the newer versions as much so perhaps others can elaborate): Tech is too hard to get. That is, you have to spend too much money, on average, to get any tech at all, and a tremendous amount to get a specific advance. The opportunity cost of a tech in terms of foregone tanks and infantry is too high for even a player with a moderate risk profile and an absolute no-go for anyone who wants to win consistently. The advances, if they are ultimately achieved can be complete game breakers. Heavy bombers is a great example as every country can use them to devastating effect, but 2 IPC infantry are also too powerful, as are most of the other advances under slightly more restricted circumstances. The changes For 4 IPCs you get a technology of your choice on a roll of 6 . This increases by a factor of six the probability of getting the technology of choice and decreases the expected cost by 20 percent. Besides making research cheaper it also enables strategic research: a player can go after something they actually consider useful given the game situation. Jet power : fighters attack on a 4+ (improved from 3+) instead of the base rule of increasing defense from 4+ to 5+. The game needs more offensive firepower not better defense. Rockets : allow one rocket attack per AA gun, but give defending AA guns a chance to block each attack on a roll of 1. Evasive submarines (replacing super subs): Submarines are immune to aircraft attack, or alternatively, are only subject to a single round of attacking at a 6+ for fighters or 5+ for bombers. This change can make a wolf pack strategy feasible for Germany. Long-range aircraft : +1 movement instead of +2. Still provides a strategic advantage but doesn't extend the round-trip range by a full territory like the original rule did. Improved AA guns (replacing Industrial Technology): Re-roll any failed AA attempt. Great equalizer against all the airplane techs. Strategic bombers : when strategic bombing roll two dice, pick the higher roll. Still cool, but much less powerful than adding the sum of three dice, which was crazy awesome. 
2254	boardgames	 I enjoy games that need no special equipment, those that can be played with just paper and pens. Examples are Bulls and cows and TwixT . 
2255	boardgames	 A corn-heavy strategy can be a good one, but corn-only is vastly inferior. In your example, you spent 12 coin on the office, large market and small market, and you will be trading for three coin each time. You could have bought a coffee roaster and tobacco storage for less (11 coin), and be selling those for four and three respectively. Even worse, if your opponents are even of average strength, they will never choose captain, and rarely choose craftsman. You will rarely benefit from their choices. Plus, you will probably have to waste several turns calling settler, to ensure that you get corn whenever it is the only one available. Your opponents will be able to play more opportunistically, mixing up their choices and collecting all of the bonus coins. You are forced to make decisions solely on the basis of how much it helps you, while your opponents will be able to make decisions based on how much it helps them AND how much it hurts their opponents. 
2256	boardgames	 I would like to know if anyone on here has played or knows the name of a card game similar to hearts. The object of the game is to get rid of all your cards. If a player doesn't have a card that is played, he can play any card just like hearts. In this game there's no points system. When 2 players remain in the game, the player who has more cards than the player who has one remaining must play a lower card to extend the game. The cards are then laid out and the player with no cards must pick a card from pack of cards which have been played and pick a card lower than the other players cards to win. The other player obviously has to clear his cards. You can also request to take another players cards. I believe it is an Asian card game but wondered if it had an English name and if many people play it. Thanks. 
2258	boardgames	 I came across the following variants whilst doing a bit more digging at Board Game Geek : The Anniversary edition with metal pieces, an ' Asmodee ' edition, a German variant from the 70's and some amazing custom-built boards ( one &amp; two - shown below). 
2259	boardgames	 If Germany is smart, their first move will be to blockade the Atlantic and stop the IPC and flow of supplies heading to Britain. Once they do that, the British have to funnel reinforcements into the Atlantic to clear it while the Germans can keep funneling u-boats out of the Mediterranean into the Atlantic forcing the British or the Americans to commit large scale naval forces to first clearing the Atlantic and simultaniously moving naval units to block Gibralter. All the while the Germans can canabalize Western Europe and the Balkans for units and send them against Russia, and if they are smart destroy most of the Russian Army in the process without losing too many units themselves. That will just leave them Moscow. The only way to stop this strategy is to first force the German fleet into a battle of annihilation in the beginning of the game quickly. Then use well protected convoys of troops and aircraft to fly reinforcements to UK. The US Navy can build fleets of destroyers each turn and keep moving out into the Atlantic. The Germans will lose their U-Boats in a few turns. The Royal Navy can sit off of Denmark and in the Barents Sea to force the Germans to defend Germany, but then it b/c a seige war. The point is to use the Allied superiority in money to force the Germans into large engagements that will cause them casualties that they cannot afford to sustain. If you keep doing that, they Werhmacht will be a broken shell in about 6 turns. 
2260	boardgames	 I just heard about a 15th-anniversary edition of the Settlers of Catan game, and I must be blind because I can't find anything on Mayfair's site about it. So my questions are: What exactly are the contents? How does this differ from the 10th-anniversary version? Is it not 3D? Is this in English or German? 
2261	boardgames	 I held this in my hands last week. (Closed box) All wood, large painted set It is not 3D, but the tiles looked quite thick (nearly domino sized) English version Retailed for $150 I believe Has the 5-6 player expansion in it as well Here is the page at Mayfair. 
2262	boardgames	 This sounds like it might be a form of Minnesota Whist . Even if it is not, I'd suggst starting with a cassification resource like: Pagat and seeing if anything else jogs your memory. 
2264	boardgames	 In addition to the comments made by other users, it should be noted that the ENABLE+ list used by Words with Friends and the North American Scrabble tournament lexicon, the Official Tournament and Club Word List, 2nd Edition (OTCWL2) are practically identical for the vast majority of words used casual, beginner, and intermediate tournament play. The most notable omission from ENABLE+ is which is allowed in North American Scrabble, and the most notable addition to ENABLE+ is which is not allowed in North American Scrabble. Also, you can easily obtain the full North American Lexicon by downloading the (free, open-source) program Zyzzyva , which has searchable versions with definitions of all of the various Scrabble dictionaries used worldwide. Several iPhone apps, including Checkword and Zarf . The tournament lexicon (as of July 2009) is no longer managed by Hasbro (the company that owns Scrabble), but rather by the North American Scrabble Players Association (NASPA) Dictionary Committee , and thus it is freely available through the sources mentioned above. 
2265	boardgames	 Yes, a character can attack unarmed. "If a hero attacks without a weapon, he attacks with his fists. This is a melee attack that grants one red die and has no special abilities." (Descent rules, p19.) So it's a base melee attack using the minimum melee dice - the red plus however many black. Ranged and Magic attacks cannot be made without a weapon. If you want to house-rule allowing weaponless attacks of all three kinds, I would argue strongly in favour of using the base red (melee), blue (range) or white (magic) die as well as the black; this is the basic die used for all weapons of that type and is important for game design in distinguishing the range/damage properties of each attack type. These basic attack dice also carry the important one-in-six automatic-miss chance. 
2266	boardgames	 I've heard people describe San Juan as Puerto Rico's little brother. What's actually the difference? How is the game-play changed? Is it any easier to teach new people? Is it worth buying if I already have Puerto Rico? 
2267	boardgames	 One is played with cards (SJ) and one is played on a board (PR). San Juan is certainly easier to teach and far faster to play (not to mention setup). It's a quick fun game. It's still rich in strategy in the way that Puerto Rico is, but, it lacks some of the complexity, depth, and nail-biting-ness that I've found in a good Puerto Rico game. Oh, for a list of discussion threads on BGG that have gone over this, see here . 
2268	boardgames	 San Juan takes a couple of the concepts from Puerto Rico: building assets that then provide points and resources or some other benefit, and per-turn role-picking, and implements them in a card game with similar imagery and item names to Puerto Rico. Aside from the 5 role tokens, San Juan is 100% cards. The closest I've come to playing Puerto Rico was about three turns on BSW, but it is definitely a much more complex game than San Juan. In addition to building structures, you have to manage placement of workers on them. If I understand correctly, produced resources can't be turned immediately into new buildings or workers, but must be shipped off first, shipping be another mechanic not found in San Juan. I'm guessing there are more differences, but as I said I haven't played a full game of Puerto Rico yet. To boil it down, San Juan is a simple card game, and Puerto Rico is a (very?) complex board game. 
2269	boardgames	 Answering the question with AAMC bid statistics Others have explained why the Axis have a significant disadvantage in the 2nd Edition rules. I'll attempt to provide hard evidence and quantify this advantage. The popular play-by-email (PBEM) site Axis and Allies Members Club (which I have no affiliation with and which I hadn't logged onto in years until I did some research for this post) keeps statistics on the games played by its members. There's such a strong belief that the game is unbalanced in favor of the allies that the club has introduced a concept known as bidding to even out the game. Before the game starts, each player bids for how many extra IPCs they would need to be given to play the Axis. Then are then allowed to use this money to purchase and place additional units on the board prior to the start of the game. Bidding can either be hidden (both bids placed in secret and low bid plays the Axis) or open, where players bid each other down over multiple rounds until someone calls uncle (like the old game show Name that Tune). I haven't played in years and looked up my old game logs. I had about a 0.500 win percentage with an average bid of about 12. There is a (fairly vapid) thread on the AAMC message boards asking what bids are running now, the consensus seems to be the low 20s. Lastly, I logged on and checked the game logs for the club's top ranked player. The average bid over his last 20 games was something like 22. The difference in the bids is explained because I always played no first turn Russian attack, which is evidently worth about 10 IPCs to the Axis (because they can save the units in Finland, or at least the fighter). So, among the very seasoned 2nd edition players over at AAMC, the consensus is that it's not fair to take the Axis unless the Allies spot them the equivalent of more than 7 infantry on the first turn to be placed anywhere on the game board . That's a fairly insane unbalance in the game. I believe the only reason it didn't tank the game completely is because although the Allied advantage is large it is also hard to capitalize on if you're inexperienced: the Allies require more finesse to play (flawless execution of strategies like shuck-shuck ), often much more than the novice A&amp;A player has. 
2270	boardgames	 According to the rulebook, when using Masquerade, the cards passed between players must remain invisible until each player chooses the card to pass and places it down. I've always assumed it means that the passing itself is also done when the cards are face-down, which makes it the only card in the game that adds uncertainty to the number of VPs each player has. It was strange, but interesting to play nonetheless. Lately, however, I've begun playing "Androminion" , and noticed that when passing cards using Masquerade in this version, the cards are passed face-up. I've checked the rulebook again, and it DOES seem like this is a gray area: the cards to pass should be selected when all the cards are face-down, but what happens later is not specified. So - which is the 'correct' use of Masquerade? Passing cards face-up, so all the players can fully see the implications of this turn, or passing them face-down, adding a bit of uncertainty to the game? 
2271	boardgames	 From the Intrigue rulebook: First you draw 2 cards. Next, each player (all at the same time) chooses a card from his hand and places it face down on the table between him and the player to his left. The player to the left then puts that card into his hand. Cards are passed simultaneously, so you may not look at the card you are receiving until you have chosen a card to pass. ... I agree this is ambiguous, but I think your original interpretation is correct: the cards are not public and people only know what they passed and what they received. There are three things that support my claim: The rules do state that the card is placed face down. The very next sentence says the card is put into the hand. I believe that if the intent was for the cards to be revealed that the rules would have explicitly told the players to turn the cards over, or to reveal them. The simplified description on the card (see picture above), is "Each player passes a card from his hand to the left at once." The phrase "at once" implies that the passing should be done by all players simultaneously and that the only action they should be performing is the passing. That is, no looking at what you're being handed, no turning over what you're handing off so everyone else can see it--period. Pass the card at once. The card is called Masquerade , which is a party where the guests wear masks to disguise their identities. I think leaving the true identities of what is passed a mystery to the party at large is exactly the spirit of the card's name. The fact that Masquerade is the only way that to disguise how many victory points people actually have I find quite charming and not at all a reason to think the passed cards should be public knowledge (lots of Dominion cards of one-of-a-kind). 
2272	boardgames	 Do not reveal the cards. Every time you are supposed to reveal cards, the card will explicitly direct you to do so. There are lots of cards that use the term "reveal" (e.g., Ambassador, Scout, Thief). The reason these cards specify to reveal other cards is that the default is not to reveal cards. Thus, since Masquerade does not direct otherwise, you should follow the default procedure of not revealing. 
2273	boardgames	 Game Play Differences While the games are thematically the same, and San Juan was designed as the &quot;card game version&quot; of Puerto Rico, the gameplay is actually quite different. Role Selection In Puerto Rico your choice of role has many implications. You need to consider how the role will affect your success, how it will affect the other players, and every bit as importantly, how your success and that of others will be affected if another player chooses it. You're commonly making a choice that, for example, hurts you the least, or hurts the leader the most, etc. In San Juan role selection has minimal affect on others. You do want to choose the role that's best for you, but that's about as far as it goes. Strategic Play Puerto Rico strongly calls for selecting an overall strategy near the beginning of the game and sticking to it, very broadly the &quot;shipping strategy&quot; or the &quot;building strategy.&quot; There are clever things you can do within each strategy, tactical stuff that requires good decisions every turn, but if you don't decide on a strategy early or switch strategies mid-game you're very likely to lose. San Juan is much more tactical, with very little in the way of strategic play. There are a few cards that call for trying to push the overall game in a certain direction, especially the game-end bonus cards, and some cards complement each other better than others, but it still hard to call it real strategy. Newbie Forgiveness Puerto Rico isn't kind to new players, but worse, new players can easily throw the game to a certain player without realizing they're doing it. Sitting to the left of the newbie is an easy way to dramatically increase your odds of winning; seen from the other players' perspective it means the newbie can give you the game. San Juan isn't a game you're likely to win the first or second time you play if the others are experienced, but you're not going to &quot;give&quot; the game to anyone due to sub-optimal play, and you'll likely score within 20% of the winner no matter how poorly you play. Seating Order Seating order doesn't just affect the possibility of a new player giving the game away in Puerto Rico, it also has a strong affect on how easy it will be to achieve your goals. If after a few rounds you decide that your game strategy is to grow and ship as much tobacco as possible, if the player to your right starts growing tobacco you're screwed. The same holds true for the shipping/building strategy lines in general: if the person to your right is using the same broad strategy as you, you're going to have a much tougher time. Due to San Juan's general lack of interactivity, you're much less likely to be affected by seating order. I've yet to hear a compelling case for it mattering. Teaching the Game San Juan is definitely easier to teach to new players, though I wouldn't say massively so. However, it is much easier to teach how to play well than is Puerto Rico, and so is more forgiving. Is It Worth Buying? I absolutely consider it to be worth buying. If it's like any game, it's really most like Race for the Galaxy (see below for inside scoop), but a much lighter version. It's much faster to play than Puerto Rico, and is actually quite fun with just two players, something that can't really be said of Puerto Rico. The two games are so dissimilar in play style and feel, you'll never mistake one for the other in any way, even if you played them back-to-back. Just a short bit of gossip about San Juan and Race for the Galaxy : the story goes that when Alea Games saw the (comparatively) great success of Puerto Rico, they started hinting around that they were interested in a card game version. One submission was a game very much like Race for the Galaxy, though many years earlier. The Race-like game wasn't selected as the winner, but the eventual game, San Juan, turned out to have incredible similarities, including the cards-as-resources, cards-as-money, and cards-for-their-face-function game concepts. Whether any ideas were copied or not, in the end Race needed a fair bit of redesign to make it less like what San Juan turned out to be. 
2274	boardgames	 The only thing these games have in common is the artwork, theme, publisher and role selection mechanic. Alhough with similar themes (building your infrastructure and producing and selling goods), most of the game mechanics are completely different. Basically: Puerto Rico is a boardgame with lots of bits, more rules, takes longer to play (~90 min). Basically a good representative of Alea game series intended more for the gamers and people appreciating a deeper game. San Juan is a somewhat light cardgame. It takes less time to play (~45min) and is very similar to a "dumbed down" Race for the Galaxy , but much easier to teach to new people, so it is a good game not only for gamers but also for non-gamers and casual gamers. So answers to your questions: Game play is completely different It is significantly easier to teach new people It is definitely worth buying even if you have Puerto Rico. (It will be a nice travel size game, which takes less time). Keep in mind, if you have Race for the Galaxy, then I would say - no need to buy this also. P.S. They are both really good games, just really different. 
2275	boardgames	 Although I have not played prosperity yet, I am not entirely sold on this card. You have to go through your deck twice and play it hitting Copper before it increases your deck's efficiency at all. If you hit anything else with it early that can be very disadvantageous. Just think if you went Loan/Silver then on turn three played the Loan and hit the Silver. Obviously opening Loan/Silver is not good at all, but then you have just lowered your buying power to the point that you cannot get a 6cost on turn 3/4 unless you get a +2$ action. Early it actually hurts you if it hits anything other than Copper. Also at some point you might want a Platinum, and it is entirely possible, especially after removing a few Coppers with Loan earlier, that you might hit the Platinum with it. I would say the optimal scenario to buy Loan is if there are some good action cards that give +$, allowing you to forgo buying treasures, at least for the early part of the game, there is no quick way to trash cards (Chapel), and there are cards that allow you to get rid of it (Remodel) or cycle it(Vault/Cellar) once it has served its purpose. That isn't to say that is the only time to get it, but I would say that is the best case scenario. One scenario where I would consider getting it would be to go something like Loan/Monument for the first two turns, then collect a few Festivals while your Loan trashes some Coppers, then later buy a Remodel and turn it into a Festival. I think if you open with loan + a non +$action , then your buying power just isn't increased enough and your deck starts to lag behind from the very beginning. -EDIT-1/22/11 The reasons not to get Loan/Silver are A) It decreases your chance of removing a copper. This is especially painful given that Loan removes them so slow to begin with. B) If it does not remove a copper, it will reduce your maximum hand value back to $5/$3 or $4/$4 for turns 3/4. You lost the most valuable card in your deck for that shuffle. C) You waste $1 by purchasing 2 $3 costs rather than a $3 and a $4. This of course only means anything if you assume that $4 cards are better than $3 cards which I believe is a reasonable assumption in the majority of cases. The conclusion of my post is that the best thing to pair with a Loan at the beginning is a +$action, so if none are available that you want in your deck, you may want to forgo getting Loan. 
2277	boardgames	 I love playing some of the old Avalon Hill games like PanzerBlitz and Midway (1964 edition) (I have the 1991 edition as well, but haven't played it much). In PanzerBlitz , there are generally two approaches that work well: the widely-spaced unit approach and the heavy stacks approach. However, picking which method to use seems highly biased on how the other player will operate (ie, you've played against them several times and have gained an understanding of their tactical methods). Likewise in Midway , there are only a couple viable options for the Japanese player - come on full strength, or spread way out and converge from multiple angles from their entry side. Many other games follow in these two examples' footsteps: what is the best way to gain an understanding of a particular opponent before playing a game with them? Or, asked another way, how can you quickly change your playing methodology based on your opponent? 
2278	boardgames	 There is a card in the Battlestar Galactica: Exodus expansion called "Best of the Best". It says: Play before a piloted viper makes an attack. Instead of rolling the attack, roll the die and destroy that many raiders in the viper's space area. Question is: Can this card be used to destroy heavy raiders in the viper's space area? Can it be used to destroy heavy raiders in the viper's space area if a 7 or 8 is rolled on the die? Can it be used to destroy heavy raiders in the viper's space area if Samuel T. Anders' "Longshot" ability is used to declare that the die result is an 8? 
2279	boardgames	 I love cooperative games, and Lord of the Rings seems to be fairly high on the list. (I have Pandemic, Forbidden Island, and Shadows over Camelot. I'm considering Space Alert and Space Hulk Death Angel ). I love the Lord of the Rings series, but how deep does the game get into the story line? If people who don't really know the Lord of The Rings books (however few of them there may be) can't play it I'll probably go with something else. How will having little familiarity with the books affect the other players' enjoyment? 
2281	boardgames	 Axis and Allies seems to be a very popular game to the point where I've even seen copies in Toys 'R Us! Before I jump on the bandwagon, I want to be sure I'll be able to get some use out of it. How difficult is it to teach new people? Is it the kind of game you need to play several times before you really get it? Would it be a good game to play with family? Do you have to be a Game-Geek to have a chance at enjoying it? 
2282	boardgames	 It's absolutely not necessary for game play. Players that don't know the book will not get many of the story line references, but I don't think it means they can't enjoy the game. 
2283	boardgames	 Moderate Difficulty I assume you're talking about A&amp;A Revised or perhaps the 50th edition rules. I mention this because both are slightly more complicated in terms of rules than now obsolete 2nd edition (i.e. the new editions have more units and more special rules). That said, the following observations should apply across all versions, with the newer ones being marginally more difficult. I'll address how hard it is to teach into a few key categories: Rules complexity Axis and Allies is rules intense. I would put the rules complexity about equivalent to Diplomacy. Consider it a full tier above something like Monopoly, Risk, or Clue, but not quite as bad as Arkham Horror. Furthermore, unlike a game like Dominion, where the base mechanic is fairly straightforward and most of the rules are revealed on the cards themselves (i.e. instructions at the point of need), in A&amp;A someone is going to need to have good grasp of the game from the start, or you're all going to be buried in the rule book for the first few games. Be prepared for the first game to take extra time. Strategy complexity Although there is a steep learning curve between the novice and expert player, this should not be a problem for a play group learning together. There are optimal buys and well tested strategies, just like in chess. But if none of you know then you'll all learn together; years from now you'll all have a great laugh about the crazy stuff you tried when starting out. So yes, you need to play several times to get it, but unlike some games, I think A&amp;A is fun when you're learning, so it's not like you'll have to put in four or five games for it to pay off. Game geekery I don't think you have to be a true game-geek to enjoy it. I've found its appeal is well calibrated with its rules complexity. Casual gamers who only like the most mass market of games will probably be intimated. But you don't have to be a hard core gamer who thinks Arkham or Twilight Imperium are too simple to like it. That is your group will need to want a challenge beyond the most common games, but being a geek not required. An interest in history in general, WWII, or war games helps as well, as the theme in this game is obviously very strong. If your group wish Risk wasn't so simple and boring, this might be a good option. Family appropriateness Assuming your family meets the criteria above (ready to graduate to slightly more complicated games) then it might be appropriate. It's a long game, so your family will need to be willing to spend a few hours doing this (or have a big table to leave it set up between sessions). That said, the game is robust to people with different learning curves because it's a team game (Axis vs. Allies). You can team up the strongest and weakest players and/or give the best player the most challenging country. The game is also easy to handicap with bidding . I say go for it. 
2285	boardgames	 It's not that difficult to learn at a base level, but the large ruleset, range of move variations and many pieces definitely needs everyone's attention and interest from the start. The first time I tried with a couple of 'game geek' friends, we spent an hour and a half setting it up and reading the instructions, only to realise we'd never finish a full game that evening anyway. Set aside time for a good few trail runs. I see no reason why it wouldn't make a good family game, maybe not so much with some younger kids due to it's complexity. One persons geekery is another persons passion but it is definitely is at the more complex end of the gaming spectrum. It would also possibly help if you are a fan of war games already - can you tell your British Cruisers from your Japanese Battleships?! If you haven't already, it might be worth trying Risk , or Diplomacy first (the latter is my personal all-time favourite). 
2286	boardgames	 The card cannot be used to destroy Heavy Raiders. The word "Raiders" refers to normal Raiders only and not Heavy Raiders. This is similar to the question about whether or not nukes can destroy Heavy Raiders (the card also only refers to Raiders). The FAQ 's answer is that nukes only destroy normal Raiders, not Heavy Raiders. 
2287	boardgames	 So I've picked up the Battlestar Galactica: Exodus expansion, and now have the base game, the pegasus expansion, and the exodus expansion. It has reached the point where it is near impossible to fit all of the components/cards/boards/pieces in the actual box, whilst retaining any semblance of organization. Does anyone have any recommendations on the best way to build a custom case for this game? It would have to fit the main board, the New Caprica board, the Pegasus board, the Cylon fleet board. Ideally, it would have a means to store the 6 different small-sized card decks for the skill cards seperately so that they could be easily stored and retrieved. Also, if it had small trays for segregating the various ship types (raptor/viper/mk7 viper/raider/heavy raider/basestar/civilian ship) and all the various tokens (damage/trauma/ally/etc) that would be great. It'd also have to have space for the hundreds of crisis cards, the loyalty cards, the new caprica crisis cards, the super crisis cards, the secret agenda cards, the trial cards, etc. These tend to be more standard-sized cards, being slightly slimmer than Magic cards but about as tall. My initial impulse is some kind of modified tackle box. Are there any better solutions? 
2288	boardgames	 Reading people like this is something that takes years of practice and experience. there are no easy answers. However, to get you started, here's something: One common personality trait that distinguishes people, fairly 50/50, is risk-aversion. In such a game as you describe, ask yourself which of two strategies is more based on chance. More risk averse people will choose a strategy that minimizes chance (variance), even at the expense of overall win percentage. For example, in a dice game, a certain strategy might win only 40% of the time, but the decision of win/lose is more based on a player's positioning than the rolls of the dice. Likewise, the 60% winning strategy can lose spectacularly, if lady luck isn't on the gambler's side. In such a situation, a risk-averse personality will choose the 40% strategy more often because in the case of a win or lose, they can 'blame' themselves instead of luck, and a win feels more sweet, and a loss doesn't feel uncontrolled. Determining risk-aversion is fairly simple before the game starts. Everything from dress to occupation to speech patterns can betray one's temperament. Salesmen tend to be gamblers, accountants risk-averse. Suits: risk-averse. Flashy or colorful clothes: gamblers. Tentative soft speakers: risk averse. Loud, fast, highly social speakers, gamblers. Enjoy! 
2289	boardgames	 In general I try to do as little box customizing as possible, but here's some tips I've developed for storage: Check out the fishing section of your local department store. Not for whole tackle boxes, though. You want the little plastic divided trays. There's a lot of different sizes available and most brands even have repositionable dividers for further customization. So that takes care of the organization. And by the way, even if everything does fit back in the original box, I recommend getting these trays to organize bitsy games. For storage, if you can't fit it into the original box (and if you're using a few tackle box trays you probably won't be able to) then you need a new box. There are a lot of plastic tubs you can get (think halfway between a rubbermaid leftovers box for the fridge and a giant put-it-in-the-basement-and-forget-about-it box). Some places even have decent looking storage solutions. I was at walmart the other day and they have canvas-covered storage boxes in a variety of sizes that could be repurposed into game storage. I don't really decorate my storage boxes, but if you wanted to there's plenty of images available for download from boardgamegeek.com for the particular game you're storing. You can print them out on full-page stickers and cut them out with an X-acto for an easy way to label what's in each storage box you make. Here's a picture of what I did for Dungeon Lords: Luckily the box was big enough that everything fits back into it. You can see the tray has moveable dividers; some of them are in place for smaller bits, some are removed so I can fit the decks of cards in. You can also see there that I decided to use one big bag for all of the wooden bits. They could be broken out by type, but they're easily divided up come game-time. Hope this helps! 
2290	boardgames	 In the Battlestar Galactica game, the quorum card "Assign Vice President" can be given to a player, and causes that player to be the only viable target for the "Administration" location that picks a new President. Clearly, from the card, this is the only effect the card has, and it does not affect who becomes President if the current President is revealed to be a Cylon (or executed). It seems cooler thematically, however, for the Vice President to take the next spot in the succession. Does anyone know why this wouldn't work? Is there something I'm missing where game balance would be affected by this rules tweak? It just kind of bugged me that the VP wouldn't take the Presidency. (I realize this is slightly subjective in that we don't know Fantasy Flight's reasoning here, but I'm hoping some folks will have some insights I'm missing) 
2291	boardgames	 The only mechanical effect I can see to this tweak is that a Cylon president could control who gets the presidency after they reveal, say if they know who the other unrevealed Cylon is. If you need thematic justification for the original rule, I seem to remember an episode of the show where Zarek (when he was VP) told Roslin that he didn't want to be president. 
2292	boardgames	 The Vice President title wasn't well thought out, IMO. The way it officially works is that the title is permanent, even if that person becomes President. So, someone could be President and Vice President at the same time. It's not a big deal, it just seems a little silly. I don't think it would unbalance the game if you adopted a house-rule that the Vice President title also makes the holder the next in line of succession for the Presidency. It would probably make sense for them to then assign the title to someone else. 
2293	boardgames	 This question makes me wonder: How many games where turn order is the same from round to round would be "ruined" if you selected turn order randomly every round, with the caveat that no player could go twice in a row? In other words, what if you re-organized turn order at the end of every round? Note that I don't think this is a very practical solution, since the act of re-ordering turns at the end of each round would add at least another two minutes per round, but it's conceptually interesting. 
2294	boardgames	 I know you suggest avoiding dice games, but I strongly suspect that Roll Through The Ages: The Late Bronze Age would fit the bill quite nicely. Reasons: 1) The box it comes in acts as a nice sound-dampening dice-rolling tray, making it far less disruptive than your average dice game. I can imagine playing it on a train without disturbing other passengers. 2) Packs small, plays small, resistant to jostling. 3) Plays two players just fine, and scales to three or four (just in case). 4) On that note: It's relatively quick to teach (to gamers). 
2295	boardgames	 The base version of Carcassonne can be played on a very compact space, if you get an alternative scoring track. I have a cloth scoring track, plus the draw bag that comes with B&amp;T (I think) that I can carry in a mini-expansion box. There is also a travel version of Carcassonne . The iPad version of Caracassonne and Small World are also very nice. You only need one iPad, and the battery lasts ages. 
2296	boardgames	 I haven't played those particular games, nor do I often play games like them, but here's what I say is the crucial temperamental divide I look out for in players even as I'm sitting down at the table with them: competitive versus cooperative players . A competitive player is likely, though not guaranteed, to be loud, brash, and immediately vociferously concerned with their chances of winning the game at hand. If they have you pegged as one of the good players at the table, they may well be trying to needle or intimidate you already, to gauge your capabilities or gain some kind of psychological advantage. (Some competitive players, however, are just quiet and observant, watching everything like a hawk until they can go in for the kill. These are the most dangerous ones.) A cooperative player - for want of a better term - is much more likely, in the course of the game, to pursue their own, non-confrontational strategy in an attempt to get a handle on, or just master, the rules. If you know the game better than they do, it's quite likely that you'll beat them (at least this time), because they won't get in the way of your completing your own diabolical masterplan. The competitive players are a different kettle of fish. You can guarantee that, as soon as they see your strategy start to pay off, they'll attack you with all the force they can muster. It can be a good idea not to appear too obviously "in the lead" at a table with a competitive player. They're quite likely to try to destroy your chances of victory even at the cost of their own - propelling one of the diligent, plodding cooperative players into first place. You have to play much more defensively with these guys on your case - leaving yourself wide open is almost always a mistake! Of course you may be lucky, there may be two loudly competitive "alpha male" gamers at your table, in which case you can let them show off against each other while you pull steadily towards the win. Just make sure they don't ally against you - that is the worst of all possible worlds! 
2297	boardgames	 Guillotine is a fun, quick, bloodthirsty little card game that would grace any group's collection. It is very simple, which is just as well, as the rulebook errs on the side of vagueness. There is one card, though, where it's hard to work out how the creators envisaged it to be played. The Master Spy goes to the back of the line after any action card is played. There are two ways of interpreting this. Either the action card is fully resolved, and then the Master Spy goes to the back of the line. This means that, basically, the Master Spy cannot be executed except fortuitously, when he is the only person left standing at the end of a day. The other interpretation is that the action card is played, the Master Spy goes to the back of the line, and then the action card is resolved. So, supposing you play an action that reverses the line: the Master Spy goes to the back of the line, then the line is reversed, and then THWACK! It's off with his head. The latter way of playing appeals to most of the groups I've been part of, simply because it allows for clever play (or at least as clever as you can get in a game like Guillotine). I do suspect us of approaching the game too much like diehard Magic: the Gathering rules lawyers: drawing a fine temporal distinction between a card's being played and a card resolving is probably not something that would occur to casual card players. I was wondering, if anyone else here has ever played Guillotine, how do you play the Master Spy? (I can't imagine Guillotine is a serious enough game for there to have been an "official ruling", but if there has, that would constitute an even better answer!) 
2298	boardgames	 The Master Spy is quite hard to kill! Boardgamegeek posed this question a while ago and got this response from Wizards of the Coast. there is no way to play a card to get the master spy to the front of the line without him just going back after the cards effects. For further reference, a secondhand account but the ruling was during a WoTC run game. This is the way I've always played it as well. He's the Master Spy! Of course he's hard to kill :) 
2299	boardgames	 Pat's response is spot on, I think (and bonus points for the official response). However, you can still influence whether you get to kill the spy. The most obvious way would be to use a "Double Header" to kill two nobles if there are only two left in the queue. Also, if there are as many cards left as there are players, then you could try playing a card that makes you kill no nobles at all that turn and hope that the other players will all kill exactly one noble - which would leave the master spy for you. 
2300	boardgames	 When placing 1st or 2nd in the basic game, I always look at the board and determine which of the two basic strategies (ore/hay &amp; wood/brick) works best. If I place 3rd or 4th, and my opponents know what they are doing, I often have to use the opposite strategy (or one of the others i.e. balanced/monopoly/etc). Seafarers adds wood/sheep as a third equally viable strategy. I enjoy this since it gives you more options when placing 3rd or 4th. Since both wood/sheep are needed for boats, players with higher probability wood/sheep hexes will be more able to explore. Don't under value the 2 bonus points for building on an island. Unlike longest road and largest army, you can't lose these points. One key difference to the wood/sheep strategy in seafarers is that it is a two-part strategy. Building towards a high-probability outer island hex allows you to make-up for a lack of that resource on the main island. In this way, you almost shift strategies mid-game. My first choice is to build towards a good Gold hex. You can do anything with it. My second choice is to build towards a good hay or ore hex. Both allow you upgrade your cities and free up settlement tokens for further expansion. Good access to sheep/hay/ore also allows you to hoard development cards and go for largest army &amp; victory point cards. (If you are using the wood/sheep strategy, I assume you already have good access to wool.) If I don't have good access to brick on the mainland, building towards brick helps to build settlements without having to trade-in, and also to go for longest road. 
2301	boardgames	 When the current rules in play are along the lines of 'Play 4', does that include any cards you have already played as the result of other actions / playing your Keepers, or do they have to be fresh cards from your hand? If I have 2 action cards and 2 keepers in my hand and I have to play 4, do I have to also play the keepers in front of me? (I've interpreted the rules as such in this case) (Zombie Fluxx in this case, but common to all variants of Fluxx I think?) 
2302	boardgames	 At the start of a turn before drawing cards? Or at the end? (Zombie Fluxx in this case, but common to all variants of Fluxx I think?) 
2303	boardgames	 You always draw cards before playing cards. EDIT: The general turn outline is: Draw cards (in following the current draw rule) Play cards (in following the current play rule) Discard cards (to follow the 'card limit' rule, if applicable) 
2304	boardgames	 Yes, putting a keeper on the table in front of you counts as a play, but having a keeper on the table that you previously played is not a play. (I'm not sure I understand your first paragraph, so I'm trying to answer what I think you're asking) If the current rule is "play 4" you do have to play cards from your hand (including rules, actions, and keepers) until either: You run out of cards You play a rule card that changes the play # rule You have played 4 cards 
2305	boardgames	 When placing your 1st settlment, you don't usually consider a port when choosing a location. There are just too many unknowns. When placing your 2nd settlement, you can build on a 2:1 port or consider building towards it. You would do this if there was an excess of one resource, and you expect to have good access to that resource. To implement this strategy, you must look ahead and see where your opponents will place their second settlements. Try to determine which strategy your opponents are using based on their first settlement, and figure out what the logical second location is. If you don't build on the 2:1 port, and instead try to build towards it, you must consider that an opponent will get there first. There are 3 problems with trying to use a 2:1 port as part of an overall strategy. First, you many not be able to predict where you opponents will place their 2nd/3rd settlements. Second, if you have 2 settlements on a 5-6 or 8-9 hex of that resource, your oppenents will target this hex when they roll a 7. Third, you will start getting resources in chunks later in the game after you have upgraded to a city/settlement on a hex. Getting your resources in chunks increases the risk of loosing resources to the robber. If you are placing 3rd-4th, you will often only have 1 viable location to get access to brick or ore (since there are only 3 hexes of each). If the hex is a lower probability (3-4, 10-11), you can build 2 settlements on it without drawing your oppenents attention. If one of those happens to be on a 3:1 port, it enhances the value of the settlement. Since it won't get rolled a lot, you won't have excess of this resource type, but you may have an excess of something else. 
2306	boardgames	 Putting a keeper in front of you counts as playing it, so yes, in your example you would have to play all 4 cards. 
2307	boardgames	 One thing that may be worth clarifying (for new players) is that, if you've played one card already this turn and your second play is "Play 4", you don't play four more cards; you play two more cards. Likewise, if you start your turn with "Play 4" in effect and your third play is "Play 2", you don't play any more cards; you have already played more than your currently allotted number of cards for the turn. Playing cards as part of an action doesn't count towards your Play 4 limit, though. For instance "Draw 3 and play 2 of them" counts as one of your four plays for the turn, not two or three. Playing a Keeper or a Goal does very much count as playing a card. Creepers don't, of course, but they're a well-documented special case. 
2308	boardgames	 Zombie Fluxx allows you to kill Zombies during your turn, after your draw. If you look at the rulebook there is a panel which starts "It's your turn. Start by drawing 2 cards." During the course of that example turn several zombies are killed by dint of the Zombie Season new rule and various Weapon keepers... but these are all completely free actions. After that the player still has 2 plays (Draw 2 and Play 2 are in effect) to do other cool stuff. Killing zombies, easy when you know how! 
2309	boardgames	 I recently bought Shadows Over Camelot and its a great game, but it seems a shame that it only really works well with 5+ players. Is there anything I could do to combat this and make 3-4 player games more optimal when playing at home? Here's some ideas I had so far: With 3 players, each player gets to control 2 knights and alternates which one he plays. He plays them as if they were separate eg. he can't swap cards between their hands. Don't use the traitor when playing this way. With 4 players, one knight is played by all the players. His hand is face up the entire game, and the players make decisions as a group. The collectively played knight cannot be a traitor, but the other players might be. Does anyone have experience with improving the game with 3-4 people or suggestions to offer? 
2313	boardgames	 SoC is one of my favorite games. I'm going to assume that the answer you're looking for is how to make it easier for 3-4 players. I actually quite like three to four players games as there are more interesting decisions, risks, and strategies to playing and winning. To make it easier consider mixing and matching any of these: Play without a traitor. Even with three players you're likely playing with 8 loyalty cards, so the traitor isn't likely to be in the game anyhow. Removing infighting and suspicion will make the game easier. If you're using a traitor, don't look at loyalty cards until 6 swords are around the table. REMOVE whole sets of fight cards from the white deck (1-5). In higher numbers of players, the game is easier partially because the knights get to cycle through the white deck making multiple use of special white and merlin cards Only require two merlin cards to cancel special black cards Do not play with the grail. Remove all despair, desolation, and holy grail cards from the decks. This focuses the number of quests onto a smaller number of knights for balance. Plus it eliminates a 'boring' quest. (Grail duty!) Increase the starting cards and hand limits, allowing longer quests for the knights. 
2314	boardgames	 This is my interpretation: 1) [e]ffect of builders in a bazaar round The bazaar is just like any other round, except you are bidding for your pieces. If a dragon tile comes up, the dragon moves. If you add to a city with a builder, you immediately get another piece, you may move the princess, if applicable, etc. You get all the perks except for the chain bazaar (because that could cause players to have multiple tiles to choose from). 2) [can] dragons can eat knights in castles Sure, why not? Dragons are hungry. Just make sure you keep note which tile the meeple belongs to. 3) [can]castles can be used over two tile cities where the tiles aren't simple curves? We have been allowing it. The rules say semi-circular, but I think that the intent is for any two tile city. YMMV 4) Also whether the bazaar breaks the road Yes, just like cloisters. Note that there are some cloisters that don't intersect the road too, so look closely. 5) how to do bazaars near the end of the game when there's not enough tiles left If there are not enough tiles left, then there is no Bazaar. Play continues as normal. [I thought that this was in the instructions, but I don't see it, so this might be a house rule] 6) Also do castles count as cities for the purposes of scoring the king? Depends. If the castle is incomplete (ie. there is still a follower on it) then no, but if it has been scored, then yes. This can get tricky to keep track of if a follower gets eaten off a castle or stolen from a tower, as the feature LOOKS complete, even though it really isn't. Hope this helps! -- Snow 
2315	boardgames	 How difficult is it to teach new people? Is it the kind of game you need to play several times before you really get it? Axis &amp; Allies is a turn-based game. When it's a player's turn, she goes through a series of steps to complete her turn, after which it is the next person's turn. There are a number of distinct tasks that can be performed during a turn and mastering that sequence takes at least one detailed reading of the rulebook along with a fair amount of practice time. But once you have the turn mechanics mastered, the game moves very quickly. So to answer your question, if you are well-versed at the game it can take a little while to get a new player up to speed. It also requires a bit of patience because it will take the new player some time to get in the groove and it will take a bit of time for them to complete their turns! Would it be a good game to play with family? If you have family members that enjoy lengthy, turn-based games, then yes. My family enjoys games, but more along the lines of card games or fast-paced board games. Spending 15-30 minutes setting everything up, just to start playing is not something any of my family members would subject themselves to! Do you have to be a Game-Geek to have a chance at enjoying it? I don't think so. I love the game and I'm not remotely close to what you'd call a board game geek. A Good First Step - Play Online Before you invest in the board game, it might be worthwhile to first read the rulebook and then try the game out online. That way you can get a feel for the turn-based mechanism and see if it's a type of game you (or your family) would enjoy. You can play the 2nd Edition of Axis &amp; Allies online (for free) at . (It's not an interactive game - rather, you make a move and then your opponent is notified. He can then make his move at his leisure, after which you'll be notified.) And you can read the 2nd Edition rulebook at . If you're interested, drop me a line and I'd be happy to play a game with you and offer any advice or answer any questions you have during our play. Granted, playing online is no substitute for playing it in-person, as you lose the social dynamic, but the nice thing about online play is that you don't have to commit 15-30 minutes for setup nor do you have to set aside a big block of time to play the game start to finish. 
2316	boardgames	 I have various miniatures (sci-fi and fantasy one), some grounds (tree, hills, barricades) and many many dices. I host regularly every week in a Barcelona bar a boardgame meeting with new people to boardgames and from various language and nationality. I have many new enthusiasts, but few experts in gaming. I am looking something to propose for the occasional gamer, and at the same time, a miniature wargame that is fairly easy to learn and have fun to play. What is a bad suggestion: Dungeon &amp; Dragons, any of Warhammer series, historical reconstruction of fights What is a good suggestion: A own made auto generated labyrinth game (I have plenty of tiles), a game with a 15 minutes creating character and quick battles, a game that can play several people at the same time. Can you please help me with some suggestions? 
2317	boardgames	 There is a rulesheet for expansion here . I took a glance on it, there are some special expansion-specific things, but I found nothing concerning gameplay changes, so I suppose you can buy (or make your own) munchkins and stands for the monsters of the appropriate colours and enjoy the game :-) I can't recall any rule prohibiting it, and, as rules usually say, "Like we could stop you" ;-) 
2318	boardgames	 We used to play Necromunda years ago--I'm not sure if it's still around. Like Warhammer it is/was a Games Workshop game, but I think it could suit your purposes. It came with enough "terrain" in the box to support a game. It would be well suited to a multi-player game (think of an urban gang-fight free-for-all). Only a few miniatures were needed so that barrier is low and a quick gang could be set up quickly by new players while the seasoned set up the terrain. 
2319	boardgames	 Another idea: Allow players to choose which knight they play, instead of selecting randomly. 
2320	boardgames	 If I play the card "Bridge" twice, which says to reduce the cost of items by 1 (minimum of 0), does this reduce the cost of all items by 2? 
2321	boardgames	 Indeed it does. From the rulebook: The effect is cumulative; if you Throne Room a Bridge, all cards will cost 2 coins less this turn. Obviously the effect will still be cumulative if you just play two Bridges in one turn! 
2322	boardgames	 Savage Worlds Savage Worlds is an RPG system - but contains a strong game of miniatures combat! The rules are "Fast! Furious! and Fun!" as advertised. You can learn the game from the book in an evening and teach it in minutes. You can use all your minis, tiles, and terrain. You can choose an existing setting or create one yourself. Unlike many wargames, it's designed to handle many participants in a battle. The rulebook is small and inexpensive. There is an active and welcoming Savage Worlds community online. I think it makes a good fit for your criteria and hope you give it a try. 
2324	boardgames	 I've played Twilight Imperium (3rd edition) a couple times with friends now, and we keep noticing the same thing: no amount of fancy maneuvering, planet conquest, etc. gets people enough victory points to overcome the Imperial strategy card: The 2 points from that card are massive, to the point where you can't afford to choose a different strategy card if that one is in the deck on your turn, or you almost certainly won't end up winning the game. Is there a way to deal with that? Are there any house rules that weaken it without messing up the game (e.g. only receiving 1 VP)? Or modifying some other part of the game such that the 2 VPs from Imperial aren't as game-deciding? 
2325	boardgames	 Another simple game would be the pen-and-paper "Dots", or similar. 
2326	boardgames	 Heroscape is a solid game that may you may be able to repurpose. It uses hexes that you could either incorporate in or toss and use whatever you have. Most importantly it has a "simple rules" variation built in to the rulebook that allows for pretty easy pick-up-and-play. 
2327	boardgames	 "Imperial" is Twilight Imperium's biggest design flaw (IMO, of course). As you'll typically get the card about twice in a game, and 2 vps is a winning margin in almost all circumstances, it makes the mid/endgame entirely about being the first person to grab Imperial for a second time. In turn, this forces choice of card 1 to get the initiative whenever possible, so you can take "Imperial". Which eliminates a lot of the interest provided by the actual strategies . Your opinion is widespread, and the official Twilight Imperium variants FAQ has an "Ancient Throne" variant designed to deal with this problem. Play with the "Age of Empire" variant in the rulebook (i.e. face-up Objective cards), and replace the primary ability of "Imperial" with: Imperial Claim Choose either a) or b). a) If you control Mecatol Rex, immediately gain 1 victory point. Also, regardless of your control of Mecatol Rex, during the upcoming Status Phase, you may qualify for any number of Public Objective Cards (but must still meet the individually stated requirements of each card). b) You may choose to execute the secondary ability of the Imperial Strategy Card (at no cost). No other player may execute this secondary ability this game round. Play the secondary as normal. This became such a popular solution that they printed an "Imperial II" card with this wording in the "Shattered Empire" expansion. The expansion also contains a more complex solution: It has a variant completely-different set of strategy cards for an alternate style of play; obviously this avoids the problem entirely. 
2332	boardgames	 This question came up last night while we were playing a game of Warmachine. A friend was running a Cyclone, and he noticed that the Dual Covering Fire special action is an *Action, not an *Attack. Does this mean that it can be used even if the Cyclone is engaged? The Action is attached to the ranged weapon however, so does this make it the equivalent of an *Attack? 
2333	boardgames	 Possible Duplicate: What are good games to play during a one-hour lunch break? I'm looking for some games to play in short 10-15 minutes breaks in between classes. Here's some of my priorities, more or less in order: Quick to learn. Total teaching time preferably less than 3 minutes before gameplay starts. Have to be able to teach new people quickly. Transportable. I'm mainly looking for stuff with regular decks of cards, but if other inexpensive proprietary games meet this criteria they're fine. Short playing time, preferable less than 10 minutes. Obviously I'd love to be able to play a full game of Settlers, but we just don't have enough time for playing or even teaching it. Engaging. Fairly quick turns, more or less constant action. Inter-player interaction is always good. A moderate level of luck is fine, but not a TON, like Uno, if possible. Any suggestions for 'in-between-classes' games that meet the criteria? 
2334	boardgames	 Fluxx springs immediately to mind: almost zero teaching time ("The rules are on the table! Draw a card then play a card!"), can easily be over inside of ten minutes, inconsequential enough that no one will really mind if the bell goes and you have to quit before anyone has won the game. Lunch Money could probably work inside the given timeframe, but a disturbing game about children beating the crap out of each other in the playground might get you some strange looks, or even disciplinary action, in an academic environment :D I thought of a couple more good options, so I'm editing them in: Parade has really taken off in our group lately - it's simple but brilliant. There are 6 suits of (Alice in Wonderland-themed) cards, valued from 0 to 11. Beginning with a "parade" of 6 random cards, each player adds a card to the end of the parade. You must then add to your collection all cards that are equal-or-higher-valued or same-suited as the card you just played - except for the n cards immediately in front of your card, where n is your card's value. (i.e. if you play the 10, you pick up nothing unless the parade is now 12 cards long.) At the end of the game, you score negative face value of card, UNLESS you have the most cards in a suit, in which case they're only -1 each. Trust me, it's really good. Coloretto is a simple card game which happens to be the engine behind popular boardgames like Zooloretto and Aquaretto. Players either draw a card and add it to a pile or take a pile. Most of the cards have a colour: at the end of the game, you score positive points for cards in 3 of those colours, and negative points for cards in other colours. Pick up piles too early and you may end up short of cards; wait too long and the other players will screw you by leaving you with a pile of cards of multiple different unwanted colours. Simple but a lot of fun! 
2335	boardgames	 Egyptian Ratscrew Egyptian ratscrew is a simple, fast-paced game that can be played with 2 or more players. It's more of a game for children and adolescents as it focuses more on fast reflexes and pattern recognition than strategy or reading one's opponents. But it is very easy to learn, has a relatively short game play (usually around 10 minutes), and is a good source of silly fun. 
2339	boardgames	 So I ran into a situation where I had a single treasure, the Loan card. I wanted to play the Loan card but I did not want to buy any cards. So can you play treasure cards and not buy anything? I believe I read in the rules that you play treasures first, then buy cards. So I believe that means I can play treasures and not buy any cards. Thanks. Edit I just re-read my question and I failed to mention that I want to make sure I can use the "powers" of the treasure cards even if I don't buy anything. So in the example above I want to use the powers of the Loan card, but not buy any cards. 
2340	boardgames	 No , you do not have to buy a card. You are free to use the power of Loan or any other treasure played during your turn. There is no obligation to buy anything just because you used the power of a treasure. From the rulebook pg7, emphasis mine: The player may play some or all of the Treasure cards from his hand to his play area and add to their value the coins provided by Action cards played this turn. The player may then gain any card in the Supply of equal or lesser value and later on Players do not have to use any or all of their Buys 
2341	boardgames	 That's fine. From the Dominion rules: The cost of a card is in its lower left corner. The player may play some or all of the Treasure cards from his hand to his play area and add to their value the coins provided by Action cards played this turn. The player may then gain any card in the Supply of equal or lesser value. He takes the purchased card from its Supply pile and places it face-up on his Discard pile. He my not use the ability of the card when it is gained. If the player has multiple Buys, he combines Treasure cards and any coins available from Action cards to pay for all of the purchases. For example, if Tyler has +1 Buy and 6 coins provided by two Gold cards, he can buy a Cellar costing 2, placing it face-up in his Discard pile. Then, he can buy a Smithy with the remaining 4 coins and place that face-up in his Discard pile. If he wants to use all 6 coins to buy one card, he can buy a Copper (for free) with his second Buy or not buy a second card. Players do not have to use any or all of their Buys. (bolded for emphasis by me) EDITED , to answer Chris' edit: Yes, it's fine to use Loan's "power" and then not buy anything. As stated in the rules above, you play a Treasure card from your hand, in this case the Loan: at which point the Loan card's abilities kick in, and you carry out all the revealing, discarding and trashing. Now you have (at least) 1 coin in your pool that you could spend on a Buy: but the rules make it clear that actually buying something is always optional, no matter how much cash or how many Buys you are entitled to! 
2342	boardgames	 Some cards (Abbey for example) have a next to the name. What does this mean? 
2344	boardgames	 The rules on page 7 has this note: Please note: Some cards are marked "1x." This means that you may only have one of these cards in your principality. 
2346	boardgames	 Just to add something minor to the other two answers, you can also play treasure without buying anything to gain the benefits of other cards, e.g. Alchemist. 
2347	boardgames	 So, found this little tidbit here: It seems that, yes, they can, for the reasons I stated above - because it is a special action, not a special attack. 
2348	boardgames	 Advanced Civilization This is a great strategy game that can plays well with 4-8 players. The hardest part is finding a good copy since it's out of print, and you also have to have the original Civilization game, since Advanced is an expansion. Be warned, it takes a full day to play an 8-player game. 
2349	boardgames	 It is quite difficult find good real strategy game managed to 8 players. But one thing comes to my mind: Formula D . It can be played up to 10 persons and it is almost strategy (it has a map at least :-). Also I can suggest the game loved in my company - Saboteur (3 to 10 players). It is card game heavy related with bluffing. Where is bluffing factor, strategy comes too :-) 
2350	boardgames	 Red Dragon Inn Red Dragon Inn is the game of what happens after your adventuring party returns from the dungeon. They're flush with treasure and eager to party. Each turn, your character: Performs an action, like starting a round of gambling, or stealing a coin, or punching someone Buys a drink for a friend Drinks There are three economies in play: - Fortitude - Alcohol Content - Money Fortitude and Alcohol content start at opposite ends of the same track. Fortitude almost never goes up, alcohol content almost never goes down and when they meet, the character is unconscious. It's a straightforward game with most of the rules outlined on the player boards and cards. It's got humor, but is best when players 'make their own fun' with voices, in-character banter, or just gleeful play. You'll need any two Red Dragon Inn sets to play 8 - they play 4 each and mix just perfectly. The third set is coming soon, apparently. 
2351	boardgames	 Dungeon Lords (amazing game!) has a free-to-download "Minions Bearing Gifts" expansion at its website. However, the expansion is only recommended for expert players of the game, and to give an indication of just how expert, the designers have included a quiz that you are advised to score well on before you even think about downloading the expansion. The quiz is really, really, hard. Having played maybe half a dozen games of Dungeon Lords, I wasn't expecting to ace it... but I got 1/7. I thought it might be fun for us to try our hand at working out the answers to the questions together. After all, there's no reason we can't collaborate in our efforts to become experts at the game! Without further ado, the quiz: There are 7 pretty tricky questions. Think well, as there might be a catch. The correct answers might include situations that are theoretically allowed by the rules but probably never happen (as they require improbable yet possible card configurations and player behavior). If you have to gain more evil than evilometer allows you, you are not gaining any. Can this theoretically happen in the second round of the game? a. No. b. Yes. c. Yes, but only if you hire at least one Vampire. d. Yes, but only if you hire two Vampires. What is the theoretical maximum number of imps a player can accumulate during a 4 player game? What is the highest possible damage one trap can deal? Can it happen that an illusionary hero created by Second Year’s Illusion spell survives a combat round? a. He usually does. b. He never does. c. He can survive only a round in which was party not conquering. d. Theoretically, it can survive even a round in which was party conquering. What is the theoretical maximum number of actually healed damage in a single round of combat if there is no paladin involved? What is the lowest possible score you can achieve in the game. It is start of the last round of a 2 player game (fall of Second Year) and opponent has no production room. If scored now, you would win all 7 exclusive titles. May it happen you score no title (exclusive nor shared) at the end of the game? a. No, you will keep at least one shared title. b. Yes, but your opponent has to use all three minion actions well this round. c. Yes, even if your opponent does not perform one of his minion actions. d. Yes, even if your opponent does not perform two of his minion actions. 
2352	boardgames	 I have two 8-player games in my collection that I've brought along to my weekly cafe boardgames group. (Well, they have variants or expansions that allow 8 players, anyway...) Citadels A good, solid gamery game. I expect the 8-player version would be too intimidating for people who hadn't played before, but it's definitely the sort of game that people can become obsessed over, and want to play again and again. Individual turns are really quick, and there's a lot of tension in the fact that everyone's role for the turn is secret until it comes around, so there's definitely plenty to hold people's interest while they're waiting for 7 other players to take their go! Bang! Kind of a polar opposite to Citadels, in that I would have no qualms about letting a beginner sit down to the game, but I don't think there's quite as much to hold the long-term interest of dedicated strategy-heads. Bang! is a lot of fun, as players form alliances (or, more often, get embroiled in vendettas) in a Wild West shootout, where no one is quite sure who is on the Sheriff's side and who wants him dead (Werewolf style). The one issue with it as an 8-player game is the same one that Werewolf has: it's possible to be knocked out of the game pretty quick, and if that happens it's tough to be just a spectator for the next half hour or more. ETA: Here's a list of LOTS of 8-player boardgames for anyone interested in really exploring the possibilities: . Hopefully we have already covered the major contenders between us! 
2353	boardgames	 Does the dragon eliminate only followers or does it also eliminate builders, pigs, etc? If the dragon eliminates a follower but leaves the builder in a city, what becomes of him? 
2354	boardgames	 Carcassonne can be quite a bewildering game, in that its ruleset has been subject to repeated revision over the years! There's a good resource here: which may help to track the changes. In the old days, builders and pigs counted as "followers" too. Now they are apparently "special figures". But that hasn't granted them any new immunity from being chomped on by dragons! The "stranded builder" scenario USED to work as follows: "The builder stays where it is and continues its work, that is, the player can take two turns in the same way as before. It is indeed possible that the city will not belong to anyone, since the builder does not count towards the majority in the city. Then the builder will only be returned to the player when the city is completed, or when it too is eaten by the dragon or removed by a princess." Similarly, if the dragon left behind a stranded pig by eating a farmer, the pig scored nothing by itself. You had to get a majority of farmers back into the pig's field to make it useful... or else hope it got eaten by the dragon later too! NOW , as Pat has so rightly stated, the rules have been somewhat simplified: a builder or a pig that is left on the board as a lone operator starts to feel a bit isolated and sheepish, and returns at once to the supply. Pat therefore has found the correct, up-to-the-minute answer! I leave this answer up since the way the Carcassonne rules have changed over the years is quite interesting - and, of course, if someone doesn't like the new "streamlined" rules there's nothing to stop them from playing with the old ones. (I personally always secretly preferred the 2-points-for-a-2-tile city, though I must confess the easier-to-calculate scoring for farmers came as a big relief.) 
2355	boardgames	 Yes , The dragon eliminates followers, builders and pigs according to the Carcassonne annotated FAQ p37. Whenever the dragon enters a tile occupied by game figures (followers, builders or pigs), they are all returned to the relevant player The rules on what happens to a builder or pig when the last follower is removed from a feature have changed since the initial release of the rules. The Carcassonne Big Box contains this rule. When a player’s last thief, knight, or farmer is removed from a road or city with a builder, or field with a pig, the player takes take his builder or pig, putting it in his supply Just noticed that the Carcassonne Big Box 3 is available. I checked and the rules are the same in there for this situation. 
2356	boardgames	 The Resistance You could always have a look at The Resistance, a recent publication that easily accommodates that number. If you've ever played Werewolf or one of its many variants, you'll have a good idea of the type of game play, but it's a social deduction game with some clever bits to it. 
2357	boardgames	 1) Yes you can, and I think "C", but for sure "D". I don't have the board in front of me (so I don't remember what the amount you have to lose is to get to the maximum), but I think that it goes something like this: Turn one get 2 evil from Food buy vampire (2 evil) Turn two buy second vampire (2 evil) Event "PayDay" makes you pay 4 more evil. That's ten evil lost in two turns. You can do it with one vampire if you only need to lose 8 ( substitute the second purchase for another -2 for food ). Sound right? 
2358	boardgames	 I have played Mao often in pub situations. A couple of decks of waterproof cards can go a long way, and my friends being who they are, they normally have a deck or two on them. The game is flexible enough that it can be played even with the sort of incomplete decks that you tend to find at a pub. And it can be expanded to many players. The unfortunate problem with this game is that you tend to need two or three people who know the basic rules already to bootstrap the game. Also, some people tend to find working the rules out frustrating enough to not have a good time. 
2359	boardgames	 Shadows over Camelot with Merlin's Company Expansion Since its cooperative and you're all working on the same goal, everything that happens when its not your turn is still highly relevant and important, especially if you're the traitor. 
2360	boardgames	 Is the belt in Munchkin Quest the hand, or is it a pile of cards face up on the table? Which cards counts to your hand? 
2361	boardgames	 From the rules , p16: Your Belt If an Item is not worn and does not require Hands, then it is carried “on your belt.” Typical belt items are one-shots, mostly Scrolls and Potions. You may have any number of Items on your belt. 
2363	boardgames	 I've read the manual but don't fully get multi-monster fights. It says you can't chose to fight one, and flee from others. But do you sum up all the monster points and try to beat that in one single combat, or do you fight one monster at a time? 
2364	boardgames	 I've been playing MtG since Ice Age (mostly with friends) so I'm now sitting on a massive duffle bag of cards, plenty of decks, and quite some experience of the game. I want to teach the game to someone completely new. I know there once was a set called Portal which was designed exactly for that purpose, is it a good resource for teaching? It seems like a lot to explain mana, phases, the stack, capabilities, planeswalkers, and all that at the same time using a full compliment of modern cards :-) Which terms are key and must be taught? Which can be avoided for a few games while I get them hooked? I'm happy to buy starter decks or to print out some proxies to get my friends started. So, what's the "recommended" way to teach someone MtG starting from the basics ? 
2365	boardgames	 Have to say, I hated Portal. If someone can't cope with the word "block" (Portal used "intercept" instead) or the concept of playing a spell at instant speed, they're not going to get on with Magic in the long run. So why even bother with a watered-down version? Modern Magic Core sets, like M11, are pretty well designed so that they contain everything that makes the game great, while remaining pretty accessible to a beginner. Sure, there are some moderately advanced concepts in the set... but they tend to be restricted to uncommon or rare cards. The commons are pretty straightforward, and have important rules clearly reiterated on the cards, in the form of reminder text. You don't have to worry about explaining at great length how Flying works: it says so on every common card. Sure, Magic is a pretty complicated game. However, it's gotten a lot easier from the worst bad old days of interrupts, mana burn, damage on the stack and the subtle difference between "destroy" and "bury". Anyone who can cope with Settlers of Catan shouldn't have a problem getting their head around Magic! All you really need to explain is one land a turn, sorceries only in your turn outside of combat vs. instants at any time, and the fact that you have a window to do things after attackers are declared, and then after blockers are declared, and you've explained 90% of the "intricacies" of the game. Don't sell your friends short - let them into the full and wonderful game. If you must simplify it, then build some decks with only simpler cards in them, and play with those, gradually introducing more concepts as you go along. But I really don't think there's any call for Portalizing the game. Anything that is in a modern Core Set has been proven to be "grokkable" even by beginning players by extensive WotC market research. I think people respond better, in general, to you giving their intelligence the benefit of the doubt, rather than patronizing them with a vastly reduced experience! 
2366	boardgames	 The monsters combine their strengths: you don't fight them one at a time. This was confirmed by the "Munchkin Czar" at the Steve Jackson Games Forums, and who would dare to argue with a Munchkin Czar? (You may find extra clarification of how multi-monster fighting works by reading through the thread, if you're still at all confused.) 
2367	boardgames	 Only one advice: Play on small boards ! Just start by understanding a "simplified-but-faithful" formulation of the rules, like Strasbourg Rules , and then practice with a partner (either a beginner or an experienced player) on a 5x5 board . Once you both feel too cramped on 5x5 (typically after 5 to 10 games) then move to 7x7, and so on. Only after quite a long time does it become enjoyable to play on 19x19. Don't try it too soon, or you'll be disoriented by the many possibilities and loose interest in the game. 
2368	boardgames	 This is probably going to be an ongoing mission, but I'm going to post my workings here as I go along, and see what we end up with. Question 1 : It's clearly possible to gain 10 evil by the end of the second turn by hiring Vampires at 2 Evil a pop, and then paying them off on PayDay. The question is, can we get to 10 Evil in two turns without the help of Vampires? I'm currently thinking that the answer is yes, and that this is acheived through the Special Event "Title Envy" (gain 1 Evil for each exclusive title you currently have). Between this, gaining up to 4 Evil from Food acquisition, and up to 2 Evil from hiring Witches or Ghosts, I can't imagine it would be impossible to make it to 10 Evil without a single Vampire in one's employ. Right? Question 2 : I spent forever wondering why the answer to this wasn't 31. You start with 3 imps, you buy the Magic Room, you get 2 imps per turn with your actions, 1 new imp per turn in the Magic Room in the first year, 2 new imps per turn in the Magic room in the second year. 3 + 16 + 12 = 31. But of course (these questions are fiendish!) you can't always get 2 imps with an action. To use the same action every turn for the entire game you have to use it as your first action every time, or else it becomes an inaccessible action. If you are always taking Imps as your first action, then it will sometimes coincide with you being first player, and you will only get 1 new imp that turn. Suppose you are sitting in fourth seat: on the last turn of the second year you don't need Imps to be your first action, but on the last turn of the first year you do. So you lose 1 imp to the seating order and end the game with a still fairly incredible army of 30 Imps . 
2369	boardgames	 What you are looking for is the Rules to the Big Box 3 set . I believe it answers all of your questions. Builders in a Bazaar round: After all tiles have been bought, the players place their purchased tiles, place followers, etc. using the normal rules, beginning with the player to the left of the active player Not exactly on point, but "using the normal rules" strongly indicates that the builder bonus is active. Does Bazaar break the road Of course, just like anything else. The road needs to be continuous without breaks of any kind. Not enough tiles in a Bazaar round Too few tiles : if a player places a bazaar and there are not enough face-down tiles for all players, no tile auction occurs. The players ignore the bazaar on the tile and the tile is played as normal. 
2370	boardgames	 When playing with the base game Zombies, is there an official rule for what to do when you run out of Zombies? I checked BGG and the official rulebook and found nothing. 
2371	boardgames	 You're right, the official rulebook doesn't cover this, but their FAQ does: What if I run out of zombies or tokens? Use any kind of markers you can get a hold of. You can keep track of the zombies you have killed in other ways, such as glass beads, and return the zombies to the pool. If you want more zombies, Twilight Creations sells a Bag O' Zombies for $10, which I believe contains 100 zombies. 
2372	boardgames	 I've looked at a lot of forum posts on several sites on Pandemic and it seems that there is a decent amount of luck. You may win two 6-epidemic games in a row, then lose three 5-epidemic games. I have no trouble at all with luck, but I'm curious: What Pandemic strategies did you figure out after several games that help you get better win %'s on normal and heroic modes? After reading through a large portion of this thread I've gathered a few things that are important. Any other suggestions on strategy are appreciated as well! Know special combinations: when a disease is cured you can use the dispatcher to walk the medic around, which automatically cures any cubes of the cured color on those cities. Any other good combos you've discovered? Know when it's worth it to eradicate a disease, and when to focus on curing diseases vs. removing cubes. How can I tell that? What other hard decisions are there that I should be aware of? Know the rules. I just found out that you can take cards from another player if they would be able to give them to you on their turn. So if you're on the same tile as the researcher, you can take any other their cards for 1 action each. Any other rule gotchas that make the game easier? 
2373	boardgames	 I currently have Fluxx and Zombie Fluxx, and I've noticed there are some differences: obviously, Zombie Fluxx is more centered around creepers. Zombie Fluxx is considerably less random. Less crazy things like X=X+1 and less weird rule cards. Since it's less random, Zombie Fluxx tends to have slighty more strategy. Zombie Fluxx can seem to have more of a 'point' to new players. With regular Fluxx I often find new players getting bored because the goals are so random, and there's little to no choices they can make that will affect the game. In Zombie Fluxx you can at least focus on getting rid of your zombies and improve your chances of winning most of the time. For some reason, Zombie Fluxx works a little better with large numbers of players. Fluxx also seems to be one of the few games where all the sequels are 'better' than the original, at least with BGG rankings and my personal preference. As I said above, the expansions seems to have just a little more strategy and just a little less randomness. Have you noticed any other general differences between the other Fluxx games that would be good to know before buying? 
2374	boardgames	 There are a ton of different expansions for the Carcassonne base game. What are some of the differences between them? What does each one add to the game? How does each one change the strategy and gameplay? What new rules and tiles does each one add? 
2375	boardgames	 This is a pretty vast question, as there must be at least a dozen expansions for Carcassonne now, ranging in style from the pretty logical to the completely whimsical (hello Catapult). I'm afraid that I don't own ALL the expansions to Carcassone - if anyone here does, I salute them - so I can't give a truly definitive answer, so I'll give a brief description of what I think the various expansions in my old Big Box add. And that should definitely be a good starting point. The River is a small and pretty nonessential expansion. Essentially it provides a new introductory phase to the game: instead of plunging the players right into the thick of random tile draw, they get a dozen fairly gentle and non-confrontational tiles to ease them into things. This is probably good if you're playing with beginners; as a Carcassonne veteran I can't say I would really miss it. I guess the main difference it makes is forcibly opening up the board the beginning, instead of starting players off all in the same area.... creating a play environment that's less instantly competitive. Inns &amp; Cathedrals introduces Inns and Cathedrals, of course, but its main contribution is really the Big Follower, which makes for a much MORE cutthroat and competitive game. Without the Big Follower it's really quite hard to muscle in on someone's city and steal all their points from under their nose. With him it's a constant threat. The inns and cathedrals add tiles to the game that basically double the value of roads or cities if you complete them... or give you nothing if you don't complete. This kind of thing obviously appeals to gambling types... and also people who love to sabotage the overly ambitious projects of others! I personally think the Inns tend to have a fairly minor impact on the game, but the Cathedrals are crucial - if one or more players start constructing a vast urban megalopolis that stands to gain them dozens of points, the chance to build a Cathedral and reduce all their plans to nothing - or possibly give them an insuperable lead, if you've underestimated their skills! - adds so much extra tension and strategy to the game. Traders &amp; Builders is another seemingly small expansion that in fact adds a ton of interest and options to the game. Traders give players a strong incentive to complete each other's cities - something that would be ridiculous in the basic game. The pig, like the inns, I can take or leave - it enables a few more points to be earned on top of a farmer dominated strategy, as long as you can maintain control of your vast pasture, that is! Builders though are massive - with a builder in play you can get two turns for the price of one every time you expand a city or a road with a builder on it. This is such a major effect that everyone has to try their damnedest to keep their builder in action - while trying to shut down other people's builders at the earliest opportunity! As you can probably tell by now, I really like expansions that increase the potential for interaction and aggressive competition in Carcassonne. Some people (my wife for instance!) hate games that feel too competitive - if you'd rather just work away on your Carcassonne game in one corner of the board, while the other players leave you to it, then you should take any recommendations by me with a pinch of salt... I'm going to get a bit less verbose from here on in, because for me, the "ideal" Carcassonne setup is Inns, Cathedrals, Traders and Builders, with or without the River. However my box does also contain: The Princess &amp; The Dragon , which will appeal strongly to those who like a storytelling component to the game. This expansion, for me, feels less tactical and more about the "coolness" appeal of a giant red dragon rampaging over the board eating meeples. (I do really love the sheer size of the dragon meeple!) The Tower always struck me as a pretty bad expansion, and I believe it's been retired from more recent editions of the Big Box than mine. Basically you're building high towers over the board: the higher your followers are, the further they can "reach" to kidnap and hold to ransom opposing followers. This always seemed really abstract and counterintuitive to me; it didn't seem to work especially well in the two player game that I tried it in, though it might be more fun in a many-player game. The expansion also contained a completely non-essential Tower component in which you can stack your game tiles, which I resented (presumably) being charged extra for! Of the other expansions: I own " The Count ", but have actually never played with it, as it seems to have a really complicated game of political manoeuvring and oneupmanship in it, and quite often I want to play Carcassonne because it's fairly simple and elegant! One expansion that I don't own and have played with only once, but which I was favourably impressed with, was "Abbey &amp; Mayor". In particular I remember it introduced Abbey tiles which can be used to fill in difficult gaps... independently of whether cruel players have boxed you in with near-impossible demands on the final tile to complete your city! This is obviously a huge change and one that no one can afford to ignore; I love expansions that are that game-changing. Additionally, there was also something (Barns I think?) which enabled farms to be scored, and farmers to return to people's hands before the end of the game, which has similar ground-breaking implications on potential strategies for the game. The next Carcassonne expansion I buy will definitely be this one. One final word how the expansions change the game: all of them contain a few or quite a lot of new tiles, which are much more complex than ones found in the basic set. In the basic set, you can "trap" people's followers pretty effectively by making it impossible for them to find the right tile to complete their city. Once you add in a few expansions, there are enough truly wacky tiles out there that, no matter what crazy limitations you place on a space, there's probably something out there that can fill it. (Or an Abbey!) The expansions therefore add an element of randomness to proceedings in that you can never be sure if a city is doomed or if you will draw into the perfect mad piece to finish it. Some might not like that element of luck but I think most quite enjoy the possibility that, against all the odds and the machinations of the other players, the gods may smile and deliver that one-tile-in-a-hundred into their lap :D 
2376	boardgames	 Abbey &amp; Mayor Introduces 6 "joker" abbey tiles. Six Mayor meeples, one for each player. Twelve new landscape tiles. Six wagon pieces, one for each player. And six barns, one for each player. Wagons allow you to move from a road to an open city tile if you complete the road. This allows you to claim something new without using an extra turn. The Mayor meeple can only be used on a city tile, and counts for an extra follower for every shield found on a city tile. The six Abbey tiles allow you to fill a gap between a cross of tiles. It has to be surrounded from top, bottom, left, and right (diagonal is not necessary). The barns allow you claim a farm on any corner where 4 green fields connect. Any farmers present on the farms at this point will get returned to their owners, and normal scoring rules will apply. The barn will remain, however, and score 4 points for each city at game end. I think Abbey &amp; Mayor has the most impact of all the expansion packs. One of challenges of Carcassone was farming. Farming was a critical component to winning. But committing too many farmers, and getting into a farm-war early on, was quite expensive. You would lose many of your meeples until game end, which prevents you from using them at a critical junction later in the game. Striking the right balance between farming and other objectives was critical. The barn invalidates this and allows you to be more reckless in the beginning to get a "point rush" until your farmers are eventually returned to you, freeing them up for other uses. Personally I'm not a fan of this feature; it places far too much emphasis on luck, and being the first to connect a barn is the most advantageous. This alters the beginning of the game where it's a race to farm and place a barn. The Mayor meeple changes game fundamentals too. For every shield the Mayor meeple counts as an extra follower. This does make for interesting cut-throat gameplay. The game becomes far more aggressive where everyone is actively trying to steal others' cities. This is also something I'm not pleased with. I feel, over all, the Abbey &amp; Mayor shifts the balance of the game to a far more aggressive posture, and this could be annoying to some as they will rarely be left alone and must respond to aggression on every turn instead of trying to play their game. Finally, the "joker" card, or Abbey tile, I feel is a cheap "get out of jail" card for the player, and invalidates some of your strategy if you like blocking your opponents while you work on your own objectives. I am extremely competitive but I feel the game already has a fantastic balance with other expansions (Inns &amp; Cathedrals, Builders &amp; Traders) and this expansion just tips it a bit too far. My friends like this and as such I play this expansion very often. Inns &amp; Cathedrals Introduces 18 new landscape tiles, and six large followers. The new tiles include two special cathedral tiles. The landscape tiles now include Inns, which, if the road gets completed, let you score two points for each tile instead of one. This is a nice feature as it adds more value to road tiles, and shifts some of the emphasis from city building to road building. These tiles come with the added risk of, if they're not completed, not receiving any points for them. I think this is a nice feature in terms of risk/reward. It's very cool to watch others trying to join your long road that has an Inn for a share of the spoils! Cathedrals applies the same concept to city building. The reward in this case is three points for each completed city tile, and no points for an incomplete city. This is fascinating because you can use cathedral tiles offensively to prevent opponents from earning points on their cities. The large follower, which counts for two followers, is also intriguing since it presents you with a chance to steal your opponents points by taking over their cities, farms, or roads. You now have an incentive to be aggressive, whereas in the original Carcassone such insidious plotting required more careful planning and an extra turn to place two followers. If you include Abbey &amp; Mayor such strategies are somewhat mitigated since the Mayor will likely trump a large follower (the Mayor can only be used on a city tile). The Abbey, or "joker" card, will go some way to allow a player to complete their feature even if you strived to make this task difficult. Traders &amp; Builders Introduces 24 more landscape tiles. Twenty trade good tokens (9 barrels, 6 grain, and 5 cloth). Six pig meeples, and six builder meeples. The pig meeple is a great addition. It allows your to earn 1 additional point for every city connected to a farm. You must already have a farmer on the farm in order to place the pig. The builder meeple is a fantastic addition and changes the gameplay substantially. You can add your builder to any city or road with a follower. On your next turn, if you can add to your city or road, you get an extra turn immediately for a maximum of two turns. This is great because it adds an element of risk that plays into the largest part of the expansion: The trade goods. Each of the new added tiles has an icon denoting a trade good. The player who closes a city, irrespective of the owner, gets to keep whatever trade good tokens are denoted on the city tiles. If you close a city with two tiles that have barrels on them, for example, you get two barrel tokens. This is exciting because having a builder on a city gives you an extra turn that increases your chances of completing your city and gaining the tokens. Whoever has the most of each token by game end earns 10 points for each type. If you have the most barrel and cloth tokens you gain an additional 20 points to your total. This adds an incentive to close your opponents cities if you deem it beneficial to you, or damaging to your most threatening opponents. Closing a city with trade goods could deny your opponents points, or/and help you earn more points, or match their number of trade good tokens, thus invalidating their advantage. A lot of thought can be applied to how you manage this feature of the game. I haven't played any of the other expansions, but I know of Tower, River II, Count, King &amp; Cult, Princess &amp; Dragon, Wheel of Fortune. I will give Tower a try this week and update my answer. That said, of all of those I think the Count sounds most fascinating and will likely change gameplay drastically. It includes a separate set of pre-numbered tiles that must be assembled to create a castle. Your followers presence in the castle now and other events that take place on this castle now influence gameplay and scoring. 
2377	boardgames	 Ecofluxx has a much bigger emphasis on "X eats Y" goals; where if you have X and anyone has Y, you win. It theoretically makes it a little easier to win the game. It also has a card named Extinction (I think?), to permanently remove any one keeper from the game. Monty Python Fluxx has a lot of cards that say "Do this on your turn to earn extra rewards", e.g. Speak in a funny accent to pick up another card. It makes the game more... Interactive. It also has a number of the 'knight of the round table' keepers - they are often interchangable for goals. In the same way as "Food", sometimes it is one specific knight, but often it is "X plus any knight". Stoner Fluxx has a number of cards that are meaningless unless you have marijuana available (e.g. "Everybody Toke!"); I suppose you could either remove them from the deck or have a house rule you can play them as cards when you really don't want to do anything else. The upcoming Pirate Fluxx sounds like it will be awesome and different, with an emphasis on an incredibly strong keeper "The Captain's Hat", that provides the player with a number of bonuses, along with everyone else receiving +1 Draw / +1 Play. 
2378	boardgames	 Alexandros I think the best way to describe this game is that it's a combination of Carcassonne and Ticket to Ride. It's far more reliant on strategy than it is on luck, although the element of cards invariably means some luck is involved. The strategy, however, while very simple to learn, is rewarding and presents you with endless possibilities. It's a divide and conquer game with many twists. 
2379	boardgames	 The only Fluxx variant I have played that has not yet been mentioned is Family Fluxx. It's a greatly simplified version of the game that can easily be grasped by small children. Ideally you do want to play it at a family gathering, as there are various cards that, e.g., give you a bonus if you're a grandparent. I actually think it may be my favourite of all the Fluxxes. In general I find Fluxx a bit too silly and random to hold my interest for long; while at the same time having the potential to get so complicated it makes your head hurt (notably when that X = X + 1 card, whatever it's called, comes into play). Family Fluxx is for children so you can forgive it its lack of true strategic depth, and obviously it doesn't have any of the real brain-melting card combinations. But it's a sweet and charming game that you'd actual be happy to bring out when there are kids around - it certainly beats the Dora the Explorer boardgame into a cocked hat, plus it is clearly a gateway drug to ensure that your small relatives are likely to become proper gamers when they're a bit older! Get 'em while they're young... 
2380	boardgames	 We use Rock, Paper, Scissors when we are three players. If we're more, for the sake of simplicity we use dice. Thereafter the first game the winner always starts first. 
2381	boardgames	 Pandemic is an interesting game, with an interesting luck curve. Actually, on heroic levels there's less randomness in the game than on normal levels, since fewer black cards will come into play in the game. The players, therefore, have more predictability and can plan better. One of the most important read the rules trick is that the rules state that this is not a game of memory and players are encouraged to look at all available information. This means that when you're about to reshuffle black, study the cards. The plans formed should not be about the cubes on the board , but the cards about to be drawn from the top. Combine that knowledge with the cubes on the board to make the plan. Count the number of black cards that come up in the reshuffle pile to know when to switch to playing it safe. A corollary to this, is that most strategic players overestimate how bad outbreaks are. The only really bad thing is a chain-reaction outbreak. For heroic games, consider the outbreak counter a pool of resources to be consumed. Don't worry about it until it's halfway used. Time spent early curing disease is far better than time spent on 3 cube cities, since it's far cheaper to clean up after the disease has been cured. Finally, curing is everything, as that's the only way to win. Don't waste time treating or worse, eradicating, if you can productively move game state towards a cure. 
2383	boardgames	 We're currently in the process of furnishing the 'games' room * in our house and we're planning to get some storage units to go along one wall. I'm interested to know if anyone has recommendations as to the size of cupboards we should look to get. In particular are there standard game box sizes, or is there a largest game box size we should try to cater for? I imagine there are some games that are ridiculously large, but it would be nice to be able to store all our games in one place. * Also known as the 'craft' room by my significant other 
2384	boardgames	 When we moved into our house, there was a hand-made storage unit in the basement that I ended up commandeering for all my board games because of its near-perfect size. The interior storage area of each shelf is 9 1/2" tall, 14" deep, and 48" wide. If you make the interior dimensions a little deeper and wider, you should be able to affix doors to the front. The storage unit has no doors, so a few games hang out by a quarter- to half-inch, but otherwise, the dimensions are spot on, assuming you don't mind stacking games on top of each other. Almost all of the games I have are no wider than 14", and 1" or 2" tall, which makes things nice and consistent. To give you an idea of what it can hold, I'm able to fit the following games onto two shelves horizontally except where noted as being rotated 90 degrees with an asterisk: Shelf 1: Carcassonne *, Puerto Rico, Risk, Axis &amp; Allies, Dungeon, Hunt for Red October, Horus Heresy, two Munchkin games *, Boggle (Horus Heresy and Axis &amp; Allies are stacked on top of each other with no more room; that should give you an idea as to how many "big-box" games you can stack on top of each other) Shelf 2: Chaos in the Old World, Lord of the Rings, Mastermind, Power Grid, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Scrabble, Monopoly, Upwords Fireball Island and Battle Masters have to sit on top because they're too darn big. Hope that helps! 
2385	boardgames	 For what it's worth, because most of the games originating in Germany are designed to be played by families, having the youngest player go first (in the case where going first is an advantage) or the oldest player go first (in the case where going first is a disadvantage) actually makes reasonable sense. The rest of them are just for fun and work fine if you play a wide variety of games, but as noted are a problem if you play the same game multiple times in close temporal proximity. Since all my gaming is with groups of adults, we always choose randomly, most commonly by grabbing one of each player's color marker (commonly score markers are already stacked up and waiting) and randomly drawing one. In cases where the players don't have identifying markers (SmallWorld, for example), we either use a handy Spin-4-It (commonly one laying around, or I have one on my keychain): Or since most of us have iPhones, the free Spin The Coke app : A warning on Spin The Coke, though: at least in earlier versions the first spin always ends up at the same place. The second spin is random, though, so I just start a spin and then start the second spin immediately, no need to wait for the first to finish. 
2386	boardgames	 If you are looking to buy a shelving unit, Ikea's Expedit bookcase is fantastic for board games. It's available in a wide variety of sizes and most game boxes stack well inside. The modular design also allows you to put drawers or doors on any section you want. We store larger odd-sized game boxes on top of the bookcase. 
2387	boardgames	 A few points: Movement is usually the most expensive action. Sure, you're getting closer to be being able to do something useful, but the moving itself isn't technically doing anything - it's just using up a turn. Because of this, if you go to a city with 3 disease cubes on it - strongly consider clearing them all off. If you don't, it just means you'll need to return sooner, and waste more turns getting there. The exception is late in the game - you're probably safe reducing it to the point where it cannot outbreak (ie. when there are two Epidemics left...you only need to reduce a city down to 1 disease cube). When you have an Operations Expert in play, build research stations liberally. There are lots of instances where you can save someone else 2 (or many more) actions at the cost of building 1 research station with an Ops Expert. Even something that seems like a 1 for 1 tradeoff is probably worth it, especially if your Ops Expert doesn't have any pressing needs. Late game, you might be able to save someone who has a cure (or is about to have one) 3-4 movement actions that they would have needed just to get to a research station. Build a station in the city they are already in. I used to place one research station in the middle of a problem area, then fan out from it to clear the surrounding cities. Now I build one station at either end of a problem area, so I can enter on one side, sweep across the problem cities, and leave from the other side, without having to backtrack. (But don't leave huge gaps - I'm talking like: research station -&gt; city -&gt; city -&gt; research station) This might be obvious, but pay attention to how many cards of a particular color you've already played. Later in the game, you'll have to make decisions about which to keep. Keep the colors that you've discarded the most of, since there are fewer of them in the deck. And when deciding what to keep: I used to think that it made sense to keep the cards that are furthest away from existing research stations. Now, I believe that it might be better to keep cards that are closest to research stations, since you'll be able to quickly get to that area, and you'll probably be there often since it's a problem area, you can use those cards for charter flights - which offer greater flexibility. Also, wait as long as possible to make the decision of which color to go for (since you'll have to discard so you don't go above 7). If you have 3 red and 3 blue, don't even think about picking one and discarding the other. Get rid of whatever the 7th or 8th card in your had is. Even consider using a special, that is if it will provide a solid benefit at that moment. (An exception would be if another player has 4 red or 4 blue - then you know that they will be curing that disease, not you - so you'd probably rather keep those 2 yellow cards.) I know I said movement is the most expensive action, but getting together 5 of one color is probably worse. It takes a TON of move actions to use the Share Knowledge action. That said, if you have the Researcher at the start, find someone with two or more cards of one color, and give them more of that color. This will be the easiest chance you'll have the entire game to use Share Knowledge. As for eradicating - I only do it if I can guarantee eradication in the next two player turns (using all 8 of their actions). No scientific basis for that really, but it's something that I have to be able to almost guarantee, given the state of the board (where an Epidemic is unlikely, or unlikely to stymie the attempt). The number of movement actions this will save you down the line is massive. This most often happens with the Dispatcher, Medic combo you mentioned. Also, don't eradicate late in the game (unless it somehow won't negatively affect your ability to cure the other diseases). Plan ahead as much as possible, but be wary of Epidemics. Don't plan out 4 player turns ahead if an Epidemic is probably going to happen before then. Having a long term plan get interrupted (because of a new emergency) can be devastating. 
2388	boardgames	 I often use to say that the person who is having his/her birthday next time. I bit like saying youngest/oldest player but it can still change, especially if its a new crowd of players. 
2389	boardgames	 Fuzzy Heros seems like a nice simple set of rules, though you'll probably want to adjust the theme a bit. 
2390	boardgames	 Mordheim lends itself to a small model count pretty well, and the rules are available on Games Workshop's website for free. 
2391	boardgames	 What I do in my playing is give the players enough stamina and sanity tokens to reach their maximum, in denominations so that the player can "break" their stamina and sanity totals without ever having to put them back into the pool, or take new ones out (unless their maximum goes up, obviously). For example, if an investigator has a maximum of 5 sanity, I'll give them one 3 sanity token, and two 1 sanity tokens, for a total of five. If they take two points of sanity damage, they move their two single sanity tokens off of their investigator card (or onto their card, it doesn't really matter so long as they are consistent in how they do it). If they then take a further point of sanity damage, they move the 3 sanity token onto the card, and put the two singles back. The same can obviously be done with stamina. There are no official rules that state that something happens when clues or money or explored tokens run out, so I would assume that it's safe to go ahead and replace those with stand-ins (small change works well for money: pennies for $1, nickels for $5, and dimes for $10, for example). One thing that may be worth checking out if you have an iOS device is the Arkham Horror Toolkit released by Fantasy Flight Games on the App Store. It can keep track of your sanity, stamina, money and clues. It's not free, but it does have some other neat features (support for the expansions -also not free, but not too expensive), and a built in dice roller. 
2392	boardgames	 Limit the size of opponents farms. For instance, by building a road around it. 
2393	boardgames	 Merge You cannot place a Meeple in a castle that is already occupied, be it your own, or another players. However, you can start a new castle nearby and attempt to merge it on a subsequent move. In this case, both players get the fill points for the castle (or road, or farm). This is a great way of neutralising their points, but better still if you can merge 2 Meeples into a castle where your opponent has one. In this case, the player with more men in the castle gets the points. The same applies to roads and farms - and it is with farms that this kind of play can be crucial. (Advice originally via my regular Carcassonne opponent and mentor, @Pockless ) 
2394	boardgames	 While researching Fluxx for a different question, I came across this chronology for editions of the game in Wikipedia: Fluxx 2.0 (new card layout, use of color, bridge-sized cards) Fluxx 2.1 (reprint of 2.0 with minor changes) Fluxx 3.0 (many cards removed and added, to improve balance) Fluxx 3.1 (two cards removed, one card added) Fluxx 4.0 (card number increased to 100, all color, introduction of Meta rule and creepers) I am now officially intrigued by the way Fluxx has evolved since its earliest incarnations. Can anyone provide a rundown? In particular: What were the differences been Fluxx 2 and Fluxx 3? What unbalanced cards or combinations existed in 2.0 and 2.1? What were the minor (but clearly vitally important) changes to the lineup between 3.0 and 3.1? 
2395	boardgames	 The Fluxx Wiki has lists of the composition of the various decks linked off this page. Here's my attempts at answering your specific questions: Cards in v2 not in v3: Doughnuts The Eye The Pyramid Taxes Coffee &amp; Doughnuts Death &amp; Taxes The Great Seal The Mind's Eye Money (No Taxes) Pilfer the Trash Trash Hand Limit Trash Keeper Limit Brain Bonus Final Card Random Government Cover Up Hand Limit 3 Money Bonus Secret Data Tax Bonus Time Bonus New cards in v3: Sleep Baked Goods Bed Time Dreamland Hearts &amp; Minds Rocket Science Squishy Chocolate Winning the Lottery Empty the Trash Go Fish I Need a Goal Jackpot Let's Do That Again! Let's Simplify No Limits Rotate Hands Double Agenda Reverse Order First Play Random No-Hand Bonus Poor Bonus Rich Bonus Inflation/X = X + 1 The Looney Labs newsletter from Nov 14, 2002 explains the changes in v3.0 this way: 1.) What will be different? Roughly half of the cards in the deck have changed in some way, but in many cases the revisions are so minor that only a few people will notice them. Over 25% of the cards have been radically changed or are completely different. 2.) Can you be more specific about what's changing? The 4 &quot;Bonus&quot; rules have been replaced with a trio of stronger ones, called the Rich bonus, the Poor Bonus, and the No-Hand Bonus. The 3 new rules which we made into promos for Origins 2002 (X=X+1, Double Agenda, and Reverse Order) have all been added. Those annoying &quot;hide a Keeper&quot; rules are all going away, and we're getting rid of 4 rather wimpy Actions and putting in 7 better ones. We thinned the Keepers down a bit, increased the number of Goals, and made sure no Keeper was useful for only 1 thing. The 5 Keepers being dropped are the Eye, the Pyramid, Coffee, Donuts, and Taxes, but in their place we're adding 2 totally new ones: Sleep and Dreams. Changing the Keeper mix required us to drop a number of Goals that no longer made sense, but of course others were needed for the new Keepers. A couple of Goals also got renamed. Other minor changes included replacing the artwork for War (as I described a few weeks ago) and for Chocolate (since we've learned that a certain powerful Chocolate Corporation has strong attitudes about their trademark on a little slip of paper sticking out of a piece of candy). Final Card Random has been changed to First Play Random (it works better), the blank card has been eliminated (it's obsolete), and the rules insert will be larger (featuring the cartoon shown here). The tuckbox will be the same size, but it will look a bit different; the 6-pack display carton will change only slightly. To sum up: it's way better than before. Looking further at the v3.x page, I think these are the minor changes: The chocolate keeper has a kiss in 3.0 and a bar in 3.1 The 3.0 &quot;The Sun &amp; the Moon&quot; goal is called &quot;Night &amp; Day&quot; in 3.1 The &quot;Go Fish&quot; and &quot;I Need a Goal&quot; actions are only in 3.0 The &quot;Jackpot&quot; action is only in 3.1 The 3.0 &quot;X = X + 1&quot; rule is called &quot;Inflation&quot; in 3.1 The 3.1 Fluxx packaging included another card to &quot;Join the Fluxx Fan Club&quot; 
2396	boardgames	 In any game that revolves around points i like to let players blindly wager points. Whoever offers the most pays it and selects the player that will go first. Play continues clockwise. It makes going first another dimension of the game, and not random chance that in some games seems to have an affect on the whole game. Does not work well with new players 
2397	boardgames	 Most of the expansions have already been covered in the other answers, but I feel The Count warrants a little extra commentary. The most significant impact this expansion has is it gives players a strong incentive to complete other players' features (cities, roads, cloisters)--Whenever you play a tile that grants points to another player, you have the option of putting a follower in the big city ("Carcassonne" proper), which can then be brought in as a sort of reinforcement to earn you points on another feature later. IMO, this one rounds out the strategy of the game the best, since it really speeds up game play and keeps the points rolling in more regularly. I probably play with it 4 out of 5 games I play. 
2398	boardgames	 The cost to use an Elder Sign to seal a gate is 1 Sanity and 1 Stamina. If you are at 1 on either one of these (or both), can you essentially sacrifice yourself in order to use it? Will the sealing occur before you become insane/wounded/devoured? 
2399	boardgames	 Pat has come up with an authoritative answer, but even if the rulebook had left things ambiguous, that scenario sounds so atmospheric that, if it were my house and it came up, I would definitely want to allow it. Arkham Horror is a game that thrives on its atmosphere: if something so cinematic was disallowed by the rules, I'd feel a bit cheated by them! 
2400	boardgames	 Yes , This is explicitly allowed in the rule book , p18 To use an elder sign, do the following: The player removes 1 Sanity and 1 Stamina from his investigator sheet. This may knock the investigator unconscious or drive him insane, but the elder sign still takes effect. 
2401	boardgames	 I like Fluxx's method: whoever 'calls it' goes first. The easiest way to 'call it' is to draw from the deck and start playing. If someone objects with a reason why they should go first, such as the fact that that player went first last time, then the group decides what to do. Otherwise, you just start playing the game. :D 
2402	boardgames	 BANG ! A pretty quick-to-play game for 4 or more players that has gunfights, hidden information, and a western motif. 
2403	boardgames	 Cribbage scoring is fairly logical. There are card combinations worth a given number of points and you can score every unique subset of cards independently and total up the score. Except for runs of 4 or 5 . For example, a pair is worth 2. Three of a kind is three different pairs (3 choose 2 is 3) and scores 6 (called a "pair royal"). A run is 3 or more cards in a row (e.g. 4, 5, 6) and scores one point per card. It seems to me that in keeping with the other scoring rules, a 4-card run should score 6 (2 3-card runs each made by dropping the end cards) and a 5-card run should score 9. Instead, a run scores one point per card. Is there a logical reason I'm missing or is this just an inconsistency in Cribbage? (afterthought: a 5-card flush would score 20, which is a little too much) 
2404	boardgames	 First off, taken one way this might be an unanswerable question I'm struggling with the question. It seems to be asking folks to guess on what they think the rationale might have been for scoring 4-card runs as 4-points instead of 6 (or some other number); however, since the game was invented in the 17th century its inventor is long-since dead, and absent some comprehensive history on the game and its inception that I'm not aware of the real answer to the question is not knowable. In other words, we can come up with some reasons that seem logical to us, but we will probably never understand the thought process of the game's inventor. That said, here's why I like the rule as-is (and incidentally I like your question because I've had the same thought): The best possible hand in cribbage is 29, which involves the Jack that counts for nobs and all of the 5s. Now although hands with lots of fives are always good, often retaining just one or two will only result in a mediocre score where you count a few 15s, a pair, and are done. In contrast, a strategy that relies on runs, pairs, and 15s will have a lower maximum score, but will get more points if the up card is not exactly as desired. For example if you're drawing for the best possible hand failing to get that last 5 as the up card will cost you 14 points, as you'll only score 15-8, a pair royal for 6 and 1 for his nobs for 15. Consider now the runs, pairs, and 15s strategy, say for example, 6-7- 7 -8-9. Based on the rules this hand scores: 15-2 (7-8), 15-4 ( 7 -8), 15-6 (6-9), run for 10 (6-7-8-9), run for 14 (6- 7 -8-9), and pair for 16 (7- 7 ). A super solid hand. In the previous example there is only one card in the deck that gets you the extra 14 points. In this hand the best draw is one of the 4 nines, but the drop-off in points isn't that much if you draw another 8, or a 7, or a 6, or a 5. Less upside potential, but a much more robust hand statistically speaking. Now here's why scoring runs differently breaks things. If runs of 4 were scored as 6--or more precisely, if you got to count for 3 points every unique run of 3 that you could make, this hand scores much higher. The count to 15-6 is unchanged, but then: run for 9 (6-7-8), run for 12 (6- 7 -8), run for 15 (7-8-9), run for 18 ( 7 -8-9), pair for 20 (7- 7 ). Or perhaps a much simpler but more dramatic example is a hand of 5-6-7-8-9, where the score for just the runs would go from 5 points to 9. If the value of runs is increased, this incentivises players to only go for the much more likely (and now also relatively more lucrative) run hands instead of the larger payoff but higher risk 15 hands. This would make the strategy of the game more myopic and because everyone would be playing the same way because the relative payoff of going for the knock-out blow would be much reduced. I don't want to make too much of all this (too late probably) because ultimately a players freedom is highly restricted by their cards (you only get to discard 2 after all), but the incentives of changing the rule appear to be to be tilted in the wrong direction. 
2405	boardgames	 President This also goes by the less PC, but much more commonly used name of @$$hole , but I thought I'd put the G-rated version in large bold letters. Wikipedia doesn't have much to say on the rules because it's so closely related to Dai Hin Min , so the its page is mostly devoted to special rules used to make it into a drinking game. I can vouch for its fun without the alcohol, and I think it meets the criteria of easy to learn, requires only a standard deck of cards, is very fast with lots of player interaction, and rewards skill but is still dependent on luck to win consistently. As a quick summary of play , all cards are dealt out and play proceeds around the circle. Players try to get rid of their cards as fast as possible, with the restriction that you have to play matched-ranked cards of a higher rank and quantity than were played previously. Often 2s are a special stack-clearing trump that gives whoever played them the ability to start over. One attribute of the game you might like is that after a given round, players are ranked according to their finish in the previous round, which is something you could remember after your 15-minutes were up and then carry into the next session. This will help to string your short breaks together and make them seem like part of a larger game, and would also provide bragging rights for the person on top when the bell rings. (Although typically everyone is ranked, in practice remembering only the President and the a-hole is sufficient, as they trade cards to the President's benefit before each round.) Only remembering top and bottom will also allow new players to enter and leave the game without disrupting (i.e. having to worry about) the middle of the pecking order. Any n00b can enter at the bottom and have to work their way up. 
2406	boardgames	 A number of traditional card games can be learned and played pretty quickly. I like Spades and Hearts both quite a bit, and both are very easy to learn and one hand should only take about 15 minutes or less. Other trick taking games like Oh Hell are similar in time and difficulty to learn (excepting Bridge of course.) The advantage of Spades or Hearts over Oh Hell, for example, is that you can write down the score real fast and then get together later for another hand. So there's some continuity there. Hearts is also pretty flexible to more or less than 4 players, so that's a plus. If you really want to cut down on time, a game like Euchre or Briscola, which use a reduced size deck, can play even faster. Both are trick taking games. Euchre is for 4 players in partnership, traditionally. I've played versions of Briscola for 2 up through 5 players. All are pretty good fun and fast. And as mentioned in another answer, President and it's eastern cousins Big Two/Three and Beat the Landlord are also quite a bit of quick fun. If trick taking and climbing games aren't your style, there's also Rummy, which is dead easy to play but lots of fun. It does tend to take a little longer though, I find. 
2407	boardgames	 Try something like Set . Rather specific, but I like it. UPD Removed luck-dependent Uno, sorry for that. 
2408	boardgames	 Whist , I played this very frequently in Brazil. It was extremely quick, easy and a LOT of fun especially for larger groups. It's incredibly strategic yet extremely simple. It's one of the best card games for larger groups in my opinion. You Need A deck of cards and about seven tokens per player; a pen and paper to note scores. The tokens can be anything; we used corn. Objective Win by accumulating the most amount of points by game end. Win points by getting your bets right. Start At game start each player receives one card. The remaining deck gets placed face down. One card is drawn from the top and placed face up. The suite of this card is now the trump suite. For each subsequent round players receive one additional card at game start. So on round two players receive two cards each; on round three players receive three cards each, etc... The deck is reshuffled for each round and a new trump card is drawn. The highest round is seven. At seven you reverse the count, and continue back to one. The game then ends after 13 rounds have been played (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,6,5,4,3,2,1), and the scores are tallied. Step One: Bet On every round each player makes a secret bet by placing the number of tokens they wish to bet in their hand. Keep the number of tokens hidden from other players. The number of tokens bet should reflect the number of hands a player thinks will win. When all players have decided on a bet they release their tokens at the same time. It is possible to bet 0. Be sure to keep the tokens used for the bet separate from the original token stash. Bets are not mixed. A player's bet remains separate from that of others. Tokens are never transfered between players. Step Two: Play Play commences as with any normal card game. The holder of the highest card of the first suite played wins the hand, unless someone has a trump card. Trump cards can only be used if the player has no cards of the same suit being played. If a player has neither, he plays whatever he has to no effect. If a player does have a trump card, he or she can choose not to use it. On rounds that have more than one hand, the winner of the hand resumes by playing the suite of their choice. Step Three: Score When the round ends, which is when all cards have been played, each player tallies the number of hands they won. All players get one point for each hand they won. Those who managed to match their bet to the number of hands won receive a bonus of 10 points each. So, if I bet two tokens and at game end I have won two hands, I receive a total of 12 points. Additional Notes If the number of tokens bet is less than the number if players, the dealer must add an one additional token to his bet. We don't often play this rule, but it is rule. 
2409	boardgames	 I recently purchased Alexandros and after a few games I found that getting a head start makes you the primary target for land-takeovers. A slow start can also cost you the game, however, and make it very difficult to catch up. Being targeted for land takeover twice can leave you trailing so badly that it's impossible to come back. Usually, the player in second place benefits the most. Are there any strategies to mitigate this? 
2410	boardgames	 I think, sad to say, this is still a common problem in modern boardgaming. You buy a game and it's maybe okay , but then you discover that there's an expansion set that makes all the difference. If you don't go out and buy that too, you're not really experiencing the game as it was meant to be played. It's in all of our interests as consumers to know which games are going to be satisfactory straight out of the box, and which have hidden costs involved. Which games in your collection wouldn't really be complete without one or more of their expansions? Obviously I don't want vague answers like "Dominion is really good but Dominion with all the expansions is even better": please provide concrete explanations of the actual problems a game's base set has, and how the expansion set goes on to fix them, if possible! I have a bugbear or two of my own to tell you about, but rather than shoehorn them into the question as "examples", I'll post them as an answer below! 
2411	boardgames	 Here's my big one: St Petersburg This is a pretty good mid-range boardgame, but its basic set has some serious problems. It contains cards which are significantly undercosted, like the cheap Observatory and the seriously overpowered Mistress of Ceremonies. Rather than fix these cards in a new printing of the base game, they released an expansion which contains replacements for the broken cards, as well as a 5-player option, and a few dozen new cards. The problem being that this box costs over $20 for, basically, a slim deck of tiny undersized cards! I really like fixed St Petersburg, but my local independent game store refuses to stock the expansion for being a rip-off, and I can't really fault his reasoning. And a couple of minor quibbles for good measure. Carcassonne I love, but the basic game is a pretty simplistic thing before you add in at least Traders &amp; Builders and Inns &amp; Cathedrals. I guess most people buy the Carcassonne Big Box these days for value, so it isn't often a problem... but some people may buy the basic set and not realise they're not getting anywhere near the full Carcassonne experience. Agricola is my favourite game ever, and it's superb straight out of the box, but I have to say I find it difficult to imagine going back after experiencing the Farmers of the Moor expansion. There are some dominant strategies in basic Agricola, like building rooms for early Family Growth, that are hard to escape from: I have friends who have gotten bored of Agricola because, in their opinion, it's too obvious what move they should take at any turn, just take the resource that the other players have allowed to build up the most. Farmers of the Moor really does fix all of that: now that you have to pay to heat your house, building lots of wooden rooms to fill with people is no longer a no-brainer strategy. And the Free Actions really do give the starting player an agonizing choice between getting a choice pile of resources or an extra action in the turn. Agricola is great, but FotM just makes it near perfect in my opinion. Of course, the cost of both boxes is going to be well into three figures of dollars... :-/ 
2412	boardgames	 Possible Duplicate: Board games for two players I was a serious game player (years ago - 80's &amp; 90's) even playtested games for a friend's father who was a game designer at Mayfair Games and explored patenting my own game. I am a serious chess player (roughly Expert level) and was a semi-pro Magic the Gathering player back in the 1990's. However I haven't played a lot of board games since the 1990's, so I missed out on the whole Settlers of Catan craze and the rise of Eurogames. I own a bunch of the newer classic games - Puerto Rico, Catan (just the base set and the Catan card game), just bought the base set of Dominion but haven't yet played it and have a bunch of others. What we are looking for are good, fun games my girlfriend and I can play together. She is highly competitive but not quite as serious a game player (in the past at least) as I have been. We've been playing a bunch of various games - but have found ourselves frequently playing Uno for the retro fun but frankly we'd like some better games. I have played Carcassonne on my iPhone and frankly don't really like it much. Catan I kinda enjoy but don't love the trading aspects. Puerto Rico frankly intimidates me a bit with how intense many people are about the game. I want to play Dominion (though the setup time &amp; hassle seems slightly high - I suspect we'll enjoy it especially with the variability between games). I'm open to suggestions that cover a range of game styles - but ideally are relatively quick, have some degree of luck/randomness so while skill is important it isn't the only factor (i.e. while I enjoy Chess playing chess with my gf isn't likely to be a lot of fun for her though we may play sometime I've been studying chess since for literally 30+ years). We do tend to like card games - have enjoyed games like Fluxx (in small doses - though more so with larger groups) but are certainly open to non-card game suggestions. While I might enjoy games with a lot of parts and long play times (I've really enjoyed playing Descent in the past and want to get the new Wizards of Coast D&amp;D board games) when it is just the two of us a game with a lengthy setup time and complex rules is less likely to get played after a long day of work, dinner &amp; household tasks. But a game with nearly no setup time and quick gameplay is far more likely to be played (i.e. hence our falling back on Uno so often) 
2413	boardgames	 It's funny that you mention Dominion. Dominion's base set doesn't have any problems that require you to buy the expansions, but the Base set is extremely weak on variation. In my opinion, Intrigue makes a much better starting set. Other expansions are optional. 
2414	boardgames	 Lost Cities I bought this game for my wife for Valentine's Day and totally got away with it - she loves it! It's not to be confused with the Lost Cities boardgame - I'm talking about the 2 player card game. Essentially players are archaeologists setting out to discover the Lost Cities of the title. There are 5 different Lost Cities (each of a different colour), and the deck contains cards from 2-10 in each colour, and three multiplier cards. You can play a card to an "expedition" or discard one to a central pile, and then pick one up from the deck or from a central pile; the problem is, once you play a numeric card to an expedition you can no longer play a multiplier, and you can never play a lower number onto a higher one. At the end you total the value of each expedition, subtract 20, and times by the number of multiplier cards plus one (plus there's a bonus for an impressive 8-cards+ expedition). Obviously you can lose mad points as well as gain them from starting an expedition you can't follow through with! There's a lot of strategy for a simple game, deciding when you can afford to play, when you can afford to discard, and when you just have to cling onto cards for dear life in your hand! A game takes only 5 minutes, and a match is meant to be best of three games. It's got a colourful theme, attractive (oversized) cards, and quite a lot of depth for a game that's so simple to get started with: it's a real couples game in my opinion. The only thing I don't like about the game is that there's allegedly a 4 player variant - but to play it you're encouraged to buy a second copy of the base game just so you can add it about 20 duplicate cards to your deck. Yeah, right . This fact is not a problem if you just want a game to play as a couple though, thank goodness! 
2415	boardgames	 (I posted this on another question about 2-player boardgames which was closed as a duplicate. I appreciate that someone has already suggested Lost Cities to this question, but my answer does go into some extra detail, so I hope you won't begrudge me reposting it here!) Lost Cities I bought this game for my wife for Valentine's Day and totally got away with it - she loves it! It's not to be confused with the Lost Cities boardgame - I'm talking about the 2 player card game. Essentially players are archaeologists setting out to discover the Lost Cities of the title. There are 5 different Lost Cities (each of a different colour), and the deck contains cards from 2-10 in each colour, and three multiplier cards. You can play a card to an "expedition" or discard one to a central pile, and then pick one up from the deck or from a central pile; the problem is, once you play a numeric card to an expedition you can no longer play a multiplier, and you can never play a lower number onto a higher one. At the end you total the value of each expedition, subtract 20, and times by the number of multiplier cards plus one (plus there's a bonus for an impressive 8-cards+ expedition). Obviously you can lose mad points as well as gain them from starting an expedition you can't follow through with! There's a lot of strategy for a simple game, deciding when you can afford to play, when you can afford to discard, and when you just have to cling onto cards for dear life in your hand! A game takes only 5 minutes, and a match is meant to be best of three games. It's got a colourful theme, attractive (oversized) cards, and quite a lot of depth for a game that's so simple to get started with: it's a real couples game in my opinion. The only thing I don't like about the game is that there's allegedly a 4 player variant - but to play it you're encouraged to buy a second copy of the base game just so you can add it about 20 duplicate cards to your deck. Yeah, right. This fact is not a problem if you just want a game to play as a couple though, thank goodness! 
2416	boardgames	 One of my favorite games for a group of players as large as 8 is The Great Dalmuti (by Richard Garfield before he made Magic the Gathering) which is a fantastic and quick card game for large groups (it is based on a game that can be played with regular decks of cards but Dalmuti offers some great modifications that add to the game's enjoyment. It isn't a full on strategy game so might not be exactly what you are looking for - however there is a lot of skill and because it is a game that resolves quickly - but importantly isn't just a one winner/7 losers game but one where there is a ranking of players based on when you go out each round, it works really well for the right group to play iteratively for how ever long you want to play. It also works well when players may need to drop out for a while and/or join in later (which with large groups is pretty common). I always play with the rule that the order of physical seating while playing the game is dictated by the game results - this physical movement between rounds adds a lot to the game - not to mention makes it easier to play. Summary - really fun, iterative, skill but with enough luck to have real swings, and easy for players to join/leave/rejoin and can be played for as long as your group wants to play 
2423	boardgames	 I'm a fan of Nuclear War. The owner of the game goes first. Always nice to provide a bennie for the person who bought your game. 
2424	boardgames	 There aren't a lot of games out there with no specific turn order, but it's worth taking a look at Race For The Galaxy where for the most part everyone goes simultaneously. 
2425	boardgames	 This doesn't help much the first time you play, but pretty standard rule whenever we play a bunch of the same game is winner goes last (assuming of course first is desirable). 
2426	boardgames	 RoboRally RoboRally is played with 8 players and is a free-for-all capture the flag race. Each player takes control of a single robot, but must program their moves 5 turns at a time. This makes the game quite fun with a dash of chaos, as your move for turn 1 will be obvious, but you must start predicting what others will try to do in order to maneuver around in subsequent turns. There is nothing more satisfying than bumping into another player, putting them off course, and watching their carefully pre-planned moves take them into a pit or off the board. 
2427	boardgames	 Civilization It's really a great game, but the so-called "expansion" Advanced Civilization is actually more of a "revised version", which fixes things which were a bit broken, and adds some variety. 
2428	boardgames	 Two games with proprietary cards: No Thanks! An ingeniously simple press-your-luck game that takes maybe 2 minutes to explain and 10 to play. 6 nimmt An odd game of continually-diminishing possibilities. And as far as games with traditional cards go: Oh Hell A great, simple, evil trick-taking game, usually for 4-7 players. (See the Wikipedia article here .) Ninety-Nine David Parlett's great, deep, even more evil trick-taking game for exactly 3 players. (The Wikipedia article here says 2-4 players, but it's really designed for 3.) A full game probably can't be played in 15 minutes unless everyone knows it well, but it's a game more people should know about. 
2429	boardgames	 I can't recommend Stefan Feld's Roma (and its sequel, Roma II ) enough. I can't think of many two-player games that I've played more than 100 times, but I'm sure I've topped that with Roma. First, its basic design is ingenious. The use of dice to activate cards is quite novel, and the fixed victory-point pool is such a good idea that I can't believe other games don't use it. Second, it's tense from the very beginning: both players start the game losing, and sometimes you win just by keeping your opponent from repairing his position faster than you repair yours. It has fantastically sharp gameplay. A phrase I've used to describe it is "like a knife fight in a phone booth." You don't have very much room to move, and you really don't want to make a mistake. I also love Attika , a game whose reputation suffered badly by its being sold as a 2-4 player game. It's fatally flawed with 4, and not very good with 3. With 2, it's a deep and fascinating game of positioning, resource management, and timing, with two completely different ways to win. (If you have 4 players, divide the tiles and the cards into two sets and play two two-player games.) And then there's Innovation , which I think is 2010's best game. It's pretty easy to learn its mechanics, but you'll play it a dozen times before you start getting good at it. It's going to top 100 plays for me before long. It's a game that you keep learning more about the more you play it. I'm beginning to believe that every single card in the deck can be crucial in the right game - I still haven't ever thought, "Oh, thank God, I drew Clothing," but I'm pretty sure that some day I will. 
2430	boardgames	 My vote is Twilight Imperium. They made a lot of changes to the base game that really improved it. 
2434	boardgames	 Most of the time, I think the point of expansions is to improve replayability. Most games are fine without any expansions, but might get boring after you play them enough time. How many 'enough' is varies greatly on the game, but the approach I'll take toward the question is what games have relatively little re-playability without expansions. Citadels is one that plays fine without the dark city expansion , but Dark City adds SO much new variety its hard to imagine playing without it. With just the base there's one possible set of 8 characters; with the expansion there's 256 possibilities with 8, and an extra 256 if you play with 9. There won't always be a gigantic change when you switch some characters, but there's definitely at least 20 different combination that all make the game completely different and require a total recalibration of strategy. The later editions of the game mostly come with the Dark City expansion in the box. Settlers of Catan is another where the expansions add a huge amount a re-playability. The base has a significant number of different maps, but as with Citadels the expansions increase the possibilities of the island exponentially, not to mention giving some completely different strategies. Ending up with smaller surrounding islands with Seafarers will definitely change your building plans, and you'll probably think differently about your military if you have to worry about being attacked in Cities and Knights. Countless more games have similar situations, like Dominion, Three Dragon Ante, Carcassonne, Pandemic, and probably at least 200 others. IMHO any good expansion should add a lot of re-playability. Are they satisfactory without the expansions? Definitely. Are they really complete? That's a matter of opinion. Is the Dominion base set complete because it has 3,268,760 possible kingdom sets of 10? Or is it not complete until you have at least one big expansion and 10,272,278,170 possibilities? Or 2 big expansions and 828,931,106,355 possibilities? Or all the first 4 expansions and the 3 promo cards and 6.20885664 × 10^13? I totally agree that there are some games that aren't very good standalone. My point is that the definition of completeness if very subjective. :D 
2435	boardgames	 In the Citadels: Dark City expansion the Wishing Well purple district card reads as follows: At the end of the game, you score one point for every other purple district in your city The italicization is actually printed on the card. Does the means "every purple district that is not this card" or "every second purple district"? If you had this and 3 other purple districts at the end of the game, would you have 3 extra points or 2? I'm leaning toward the first one, because it seems more balanced and the second would suggest a bit more clarification. Feel really stupid but asked anyway. Does anyone think this questions is valuable enough to leave up? 
2436	boardgames	 I was 99% sure that that must mean "every purple district that is not this card", as you suspect. But how to prove that for sure? My first thought in such matters is to look at foreign versions of the cards. Rules text that is ambiguous in English is sometimes much clearer when read in other languages. I haven't (yet) found a scan of a foreign version of Wishing Well... but this French page, (which contains a comment by Bruno Faidutti the game designer himself, so it must be fairly respectable!) seems to suggest that the text of Fontaine aux Souhaits is along the lines of "autres batiments violets" counting for +1; and I think you'd be hard pressed to translate that as "every second purple building". (link: ) I'm going to keep looking for card scans I guess, but I'm pretty sure we're en route to the right answer here. (What language was Citadels first published in, does anyone know?) 
2437	boardgames	 Blokus Blokus has several interesting single player puzzles listed in the rules if that's what you're looking for. Finding a way for four players to all get all their pieces on the board is a pretty cool challenge of analysis and spatial calculations. 
2438	boardgames	 Revealed Cylons can choose to enact Crisis cards from Caprica. At least one of these cards - Fulfiller of Prophecy - says something along these lines: After the Activate Cylon Ships step, return to the Resolve Crisis step [Draw a new Crisis card and resolve it.] The rules state for a Cylon player's turn: There are no "Activate Cylon Ship" and "Prepare for Jump" steps during a revealed Cylon player's turn. So, if a revealed Cylon uses this card, do we draw a new Crisis card or not? It's obvious the Activate Cylon Ships step doesn't happen, but it's not clear whether " after the step" occurs or not. 
2439	boardgames	 At my gaming group, we are looking into getting a new boardgame. We're all relative novices with boardgames but not with games in general. Among our options are two games that seem rather similar: Le Havre and Agricola. They're designed by the same guy and offer similar mechanics (different theme though). Even though Agricola seems more popular and has a better overall score at the BoardGameGeek, there are quite a lot of people that describe Le Havre as an upgrade to Agricola. We have watched some introductory videos and have become familiar with the basics of the rules in each one, but obviously we can't get a real feel of them until we've tried them. So, how do the games compare with each other? We're looking for information that's not immediately obvious, such as setup time, how much fiddling with bits and other bookkeeping there is, game flow, downtime, complexity of decisions, tactics vs strategy, extent of player interaction etc. We are not looking for subjective opinions (unless they can be backed up somewhat) or obvious things that can be observed without playing the game, such as theme, mechanics, rules etc. 
2440	boardgames	 Coloretto Aquaretto Zooloretto What are some of the differences between the three? I've noticed that Coloretto is smaller and doesn't take as long to play (30min vs. 45min for the other 2). Zoo and Aqua can be combined and Coloretto seems to stand alone, but other than that I'm at a loss for which to get. A few questions: Are there any differences in gameplay between them? Do they have different levels of strategy, player interaction, or replayability? Any other prominent differences between them? 
2441	boardgames	 Coloretto is MASSIVELY different to Zooloretto and Aquaretto. To be more specific: Coloretto is the mechanic on which the other two games are based, but to compare them is a bit like comparing, say, addition to mathematics. In Coloretto, your move is either to play a card onto a pile, or pick up a pile. Once you've done that long enough, you look at everything that all players have picked up, and then score. In Zooloretto and Aquaretto, the piles have become "trucks", and the cards have become animals, or fish. You still have the same basic mechanic - either draw and play an animal onto a truck, or take a truck - but collecting animals is no longer the sole object. Once you take a truck you have to place the animals in various parts of your zoo. There are placement restrictions, bonuses for filling areas, the chance to get extra free animals by placing breeding pairs in the same enclosure. Players can, instead of taking their normal turns, pay to buy animals from each other, swap animals between enclosures, discard excess animals. As you can see, just because the central idea of Coloretto is present and correct in all three of these Michael Schacht games, comparing them is like comparing milk and cheese! I like all of them, but Coloretto is good when you want a quick, abstract game, and the others for when you want a moderately (but not very) complex game... with cute baby pandas. (I think it's really the cute baby pandas, much more than the mechanic, that made Zooloretto a hit in my gaming group!) ETA: One final point. You might assume that Zooloretto and Aquaretto are fundamentally the same game but with mammals instead of fish, but they really aren't. They have extremely different enclosure rules, animal behaviour rules, and ways of scoring points off specific animal configurations. Essentially they are the Coloretto mechanic taken away and used in two different boardgames. But they are of a similar complexity level. I felt Aquaretto was a little bit more complicated, but maybe that's just because I've played Zooloretto a lot more. I'm told that it's possible to combine Zooloretto and Aquaretto into one mega-zoo game, which would be intimidating but definitely fun. Our group hasn't tried it yet, but it can only be a matter of time! 
2442	boardgames	 I've played Agricola (my favourite game) about a million times, and Le Havre only once so far. But I'll give you some of my basic impressions. Agricola and Le Havre are much more similar to each other than, for example, to other Uwe Rosenberg games like Bohnanza and At The Gates Of Loyang. Both are about creating a working food engine in an environment of resource scarcity and then making whatever profit you can on top of that. The key differences, as I see it are these: in Agricola, the resource tiles come out in a partially randomized but largely predictable order. Once they're out, they're not "owned" by any player: if you're the start player, you get first dibs, but that's all. In Le Havre, though, the development of the game can be intimately shaped by the players, because they choose which resource spaces to buy and introduce to the game. Who owns that space is then a consideration - you may desperately desire a resource but desperately not want to pay its owner for it! In addition, there's quite a nice mechanic in Le Havre that means you can sit on a resource square and thus deprive other desperate players from using it - though quite often you have much more important things for your people to be doing than sitting around, of course... This makes Le Havre sound much deeper and more interesting than Agricola so far, and it's true, if you're a fan of games on the Caylus end of the complexity spectrum, then Le Havre may be more appealing to you. But of course, Agricola has some tricks of its own up its sleeve. Le Havre is completely lacking in an analogue to Agricola's "Occupation" and "Minor Improvement" cards", which are basically hands of cards that are private to each player, and which can exert dramatic effects on the game. Now, some people HATE these cards: because they add a big whack of randomness to the game, especially if you just deal them out and don't draft them or anything. I personally like them: they ensure that every game of Agricola is really different, even if, yes, sometimes someone will play a busted Occupation card for their first move and it'll be a huge uphill struggle for everyone else to win for the rest of the game. Personally, and please forgive me for entering into subjective territory for my final paragraph, so far I prefer Agricola because the theme and mechanics mesh more satisfactorily for me. Assembling a "food engine" just seems like a more appropriate occupation for a farmer in the Dark Ages than a businessman in an industrial port! Plus the Occupations and Improvements, with their cartoony illustrations and all, bring the world of Agricola to life with greater verve than the world of Le Havre. And Agricola is still a fantastic little game, mechanically, if you don't mind the randomness for the card deal. Le Havre takes a bit longer, is a bit more complex, has a bit more interaction, and has enough randomness to keep things interesting but almost certainly not enough to give any player a significant advantage through sheer "luck of the draw". I feel like Le Havre was an attempt to improve the Agricola experience for really hardcore gamers, and it does succeed! But it's still Agricola I want to bring out all the time, saving Le Havre for special occasions. 
2443	boardgames	 You can drop them at any time or sell them when you are at a the market. The curse applies when they are equipped and the curse can be removed by dying or by buying the voodoo doll for 200 gold in the store. It came with one of the expansions and removes 3 status marks, which includes the curse marker. 
2444	boardgames	 With the Road to Legend or Sea of Blood campaigns you can start the campaigns at the silver or gold level to make them go much faster. I think the campaigns are designed for about 20 hours per campaign level so starting at a each higher level cuts about 20 hours. 
2445	boardgames	 This question was apparently put to Fantasy Flight Games and their ruling was that the current player would simply discard the Crisis card and then resolve the top card of the Crisis deck (as instructed in the parenthesis). (According to this link: ) I've only played BSG once and I was quite drunk at the time, so I'm hesitant to unpack things any further than that, but I hope this link is enough to settle your doubts! 
2446	boardgames	 Descent actually has more character progression. You gain more equipment than just guns as you advance. 
2447	boardgames	 Tsuro Quick, fairly light game. Very quick to teach new people and can be played even with 7 year olds. Every other players turn is going to change various players' locations, so its pretty riveting and keeps everyone intent on the gameplay. 
2449	boardgames	 Category 5 or slide 5 The games play exactly the same and have the same cards, they only vary slightly in the endgame condition Both well with anywhere from 4-10, and even potentially up to 12. During the game, player's choose a card from their hands and reveal them simultaneously, so there's no real conception of turns. This also means a 10 player game won't take much longer than a 6 player game. 
2451	boardgames	 Arkham Horror is an atmospheric, cooperative adventure game set in the Cthulhu Mythos of H.P. Lovecraft . Players take on the role of investigators, seeking to uncover clues about a series of strange events taking place in the city of Arkham. Along the way they can acquire allies, skills, spells, weapons and arcane artifacts which can assist them in battles against wandering monsters. The main goal of the game is to close the portals to other dimensions which have been opening up all across the city, before the Ancient One awakens... with unpleasant consequences. Official website at Fantasy Flight Games The Arkham Horror Wiki has details of all the cards/monsters/investigators/etc. BoardGameGeek summary Arkham Horror has many expansions, some of which have their own tags here: Curse of the Dark Pharoah curse-of-the-dark-pharaoh - There is a second edition with a fair number of changes What are the changes in the Revised Edition of Curse of the Dark Pharaoh? Dunwich Horror dunwich-horror Kingsport Horror kingsport-horror The Black Goat of the Woods The King in Yellow ah-king-in-yellow Innsmouth Horror - ah-innsmouth-horror The Lurker at the Threshold Miskatonic Horror - ah-miskatonic-horror 
2452	boardgames	Arkham Horror is an atmospheric, cooperative adventure game set in the Cthulhu Mythos of H.P. Lovecraft.
2453	boardgames	 Agricola (1-5 players, 2 hour playtime) is a deeply strategic farming simulation game. Starting from almost nothing, you aim to build a prosperous farm based on the efforts of your hard-working farmer and his wife. You'll need to plow and sow fields, build pastures and stables, acquire different sorts of animals, and gather natural resources. You can expand your home, upgrade its construction, and even raise children to help out on the farm. But all these people need to be fed, so you'll need to learn how to bake bread, stew carrots, roast animals, or go fishing. The game revolves around the worker placement mechanic. While players do not interact directly with one another's farms, they do select actions and acquire resources from a limited communal game board, so competition for actions is fierce, and the source of much of the strategy of the game. The full version of the game makes use of two large decks of cards - Occupations and Minor Improvements. These ensure that no two games of Agricola are alike. There are a number of expansions available for Agricola. Some, like agricola-fotm , add significant new mechanics that greatly increase the depth and complexity of the game. Others provide additional new cards that adjust gameplay, or provide more aesthetically pleasing gaming pieces and farming plots. Useful Links Official website BoardGameGeek summary 
2454	boardgames	A man and wife, a wooden shack, and an empty field. Get to work! Agricola is a deeply strategic farming simulation game.
2455	boardgames	 The goal of Power Grid is to have the most number of cities and be able to provide power to the most number of cities. The game has a unique system of going first -- players are ranked by how many cities they have, then their greatest-numbered power plant. In some phases, whoever is ranked first gets to act first; in other phases, they will be last to act. This gives the person who is ranked the lowest a chance to catch up. Each turn, players will have the option of bidding on power plants; after the initial standard plants have been bid on, other plants will be randomly turned over each turn, with the highest-ranked person bidding first. These plants can be either coal, oil, trash, nuclear or green plants. After buying plants, starting with the lowest-ranked player, each player has the option of buying resources for their plants. Resources are replenished each turn, but it is possible to collectively buy more resources than will be replenished, cause the price of these resources to increase. Resources will replenish at different rates depending on the number of players and the current phase of the game. Once resources have been bought, starting with the lowest-ranked player, each player has the option of buying into cities by paying the cost of buying into the city plus any connection costs necessary to connect to another city of yours. As the game progresses into later phases, more people will be able to buy into the same city. Finally, players use resources to power their power plants, and gain money based on how many cities they can power. The first person to reach a pre-determined number of cities (based on the number of players) will trigger the end-phase of the game. Whoever can power the most number of cities once the end-phase of the game has been triggered is the winner, with excess money being the tie-breaker. There are a number of expansions for the game, each providing new rules and a double-sided board with a different country on each side. Power Grid core game (company web site) Central Europe/Benelux expansion Italy/France expansion Brazil/Iberia expansion w/box to hold the other expansions Korea/China expansion Russia/Japan expansion In addition, a new set of power plants is available as an expansion deck . 
2456	boardgames	Power Grid is a strategy game from Rio Grande games for 2-6 players in which you try to build the largest network on the board, and provide power to all of the cities in your network with a variety of power plants.
2457	boardgames	 My friends have grown to love Bohnanza for its simple rules and constant negotiations, so I've grown curious about the expansions. Here are a few of the higher ranked: Bohnaparte high-bohn plus ladybohn mutabohn several more here Here's my questions: What does each one add to the game? How does each change the strategy and gameplay? How does each one change the overall feel of the game, in terms of competition, complexity, etc.? Which are your favorites and why? Any other differences or recommendations would be awesome. :D 
2458	boardgames	 There is a set of one of each card, but with blue inner border on their backs instead of beige. What are they for? 
2460	boardgames	 They are called the randomizer cards , and they are supposed to be kept separate from all the other cards and used to select 10 random kingdom cards at the start of the game. I personally use one of many online deck randomizer ( my favorite) , for this and just leave them in with the rest. You can cheat and try to bring them to the top of your deck when shuffling so you can draw them more quickly, but I've never played a serious enough game for this to be an issue. Also, leaving them in will make the game infinitesimally different since each kingdom pile has one more card. If you were running a tournament, you might want to leave them out for maximum fairness. 
2461	boardgames	 Does the third field stay forever once you have 3 coins to buy it? If not when does it disappear? The rules aren't terribly clear (or maybe I should say "are terribly clear"). 
2462	boardgames	 This question about Dominion organization and setup has some related answers. lilserf talks about an iPhone app that helps with game setup my answer "fine the way it is?" explains how we use the randomizer cards if you're interested in using a computer program as a randomizer, Pat asked a question about which apps are the best 
2463	boardgames	 The blue backed cards are the randomizer cards. They are listed among the contents (on page 2) and the main use is detailed on pg 5 of the rules . For example, the players can shuffle the Randomizer cards for all Kingdom cards and draw 10 to select the cards for the game. Or, players can take turns selecting cards. Players may also use the Randomizer cards as Placeholders to mark the card piles so empty piles are easily seen. A lot of folks use a random deck generator, we have a list here at B&amp;CG . If you use sleeves, it may be helpful to use a different color sleeve for the randomizer cards so that they catch your eye easier. Do not add them into the piles unless you want to change the balance of the game. There are supposed to be 10 of each card, not 11. Some game strategies revolve around depleting piles fast or unexpectedly and you would impede those by having 11 cards in each stack. Also, since they have a different back, they will be noticeable unless you are using opaque sleeves. 
2464	boardgames	 You keep the third bean field for the duration of the game. It would be harsh if it was limited as it does cost you 3 gold coins (victory points). Here is a discussion about when to buy or not buy that third field . Due to the cost, it is not always the right thing to do to purchase the field. 
2465	boardgames	 I can't answer your question in its fullness, as the only one of these expansions I have played is Bohnaparte, and it was once and a couple of years ago! But I can tell you what my impressions of that were... Bohnaparte constitutes a pretty drastic reworking of the Bohnanza game (to use a topical example, it's on a par with how Zooloretto expands on Coloretto). Instead of a simple bean-farming game, you are now playing a Napoleonic wargame! Albeit a simple, cartoonish one. You lay out a map with areas of varying strategic import, and you now have to conquer it with your bean-troops, as well as growing beans in the usual way to maintain your economy. At the time, I wasn't really a fan. It didn't seem to me like a particularly deep wargame, or a particularly logical extension to the Bohnanza theme. However, I do recall some nice mechanics: I believe the "valuable" beans (like Red) are weak in combat compared to the "common" beans (like Blue) - so it was a lot less clear which were the best beans: do you put a premium on combat or economic profit? On the minus side, I remember the scoreline of our game being very close, and the result being basically decided on one player getting an extra turn over me due to the vagaries of the seating order. That is probably true to the spirit of the original Bohnanza, I guess, but I remember being quite miffed at the time! I guess if you play a whole lot of Bohnanza, to the point where you're getting jaded, Bohnaparte will certainly inject fresh interest into proceedings! But I did think it was more of a novelty expansion than a must-purchase. Unless your two favourite things in the world are the Napoleonic era and Bohnanza. Then you should almost certainly buy it without delay! 
2467	boardgames	 What information do you gain when another player discards a tile apart from seeing which tile it is? In particular from the position from which the tile is discarded. I neglect the timing side-channel in this context. You can sort your tiles, but no good player will do that, since it increases the information your opponents gain while giving you no advantage. As I understand the rules at you can't regularly shuffle the tiles. In particular not between taking and discarding a tile. From this I conclude you can find out in which turn the discarded tile was drawn(all initial tiles count as a single turn), but nothing more. Is that correct, or did I miss a way to gain additional information, or hide information about when the discarded tile was drawn? 
2468	boardgames	 If player A reaches 10 victory points on his turn but forgets to count, and immediately after his turn, the following player, player B, also reaches 10 victory points and claims victory, does player A have any grounds to be considered a winner? It recently happened when a player reached 10 victory points but forgot to count and claim victory. The player whose turn is immediately after also reached 10 victory on her turn and claimed victory. Only after player B counted her victory points it was also determined that player A had already reached 10 victory points. Who is the rightful winner in that situation? Can the true winner be objectively determined based on anything in the rules? 
2469	boardgames	 According to the rules: "If you have 10 or more victory points during your turn the game ends and you are the winner! If you reach 10 points when it is not your turn, the game continues until any player (including you) has 10 points on his turn." I can't really find any way of interpreting this as reading "if you have 10 or more victory points during your turn you may claim the victory". If at any point it was your turn and you had 10 victory points before anyone else did, you were objectively the winner, and the game should have stopped at once. Sure, you've been really annoying in allowing the other players to labour on under false hopes, and deserve a slap, but in my opinion you cannot be said to have forfeited your rights to victory. To mollify the other player, I'd tell them that at least your doziness allowed the objective determination of second place! 
2470	boardgames	 While your question is different than this one , the answer is the same. The rules state: If you have 10 or more victory points during your turn the game ends and you are the winner! If you reach 10 points when it is not your turn, the game continues until any player (including you) has 10 points on his turn. Even though your opponent reached 10 points on their turn, you technically had 10 points first during your turn, and are the winner since the game should have immediately ended there. This is why I always count how many victory points everyone has on the table -- barring victory point cards in players hands, it should be pretty obvious where everyone is VP-wise. Next time, you probably want to keep a close eye on your VP total though. 
2471	boardgames	 They were primarily intended to be used for randomizing, but most people use some sort of application for that. However, as is suggested in the rules, they can also be used as placeholders to indicate depleted stacks. This can be useful, as it's easy to lose track of how many stacks have been used up. 
2472	boardgames	 After some further reading it appears that the Almanac adds further information and ambiguity, so it's worth noting; filed under E with a title of Ending the Game it reads the following: If you have--or reach--10 victory points on your turn, the game ends immediately and you win. You can only win during your turn. If somehow you find you have 10 victory points during another player's turn, you must wait until your next turn to claim victory. The initial line states the following: If you have--or reach--10 victory points on your turn, the game ends immediately and you win. One could interpret this in the following manner: The turn that followed player A's turn--where player B won--was illegal, and should not have happened. This is because player A reached 10 points first; the game should have ended immediately. The rules do not state you must "claim" or "declare" that you have 10 victory points. Thus the game should have ended immediately and any further turns were illegal. The Almanac goes on to say: You can only win during your turn. One could interpret this as one can not win if it is not one's turn; thus player A missed the opportunity to win as his turn had passed. However, I think this reasoning is invalid in this context since it is written to address other circumstances where one may find they have inadvertently reached 10 victory points, and must wait until it's their turn to claim victory. The following is one such scenario given by thesunneversets supposing one of the players has Longest Road or Largest Army, but suddenly realises his bus is leaving in 5 minutes. The rest of the players agree to carry on. Suddenly you notice that if the other guy packs it in, YOU will have Longest Road and that will take you to 10 points. The Almanac goes on to say: If somehow you find you have 10 victory points during another player's turn, you must wait until your next turn to claim victory. This sentence also falls under that aforementioned reasoning where, inadvertently a player could find themselves with 10 victory points out of turn. Can anyone describe other scenarios where this could happen in the original game? Given my interpretation, I would argue that player A should stand to win as any subsequent turns after a player had reached 10 victory points are illegal. 
2473	boardgames	 There are rare cases in Elfenland , where it is not possible to move away from a certain place for the whole remaining game. E.g. if you are in the desert city and you have no transportation cards for desert terrain. As you cannot play some cards, they never get exchanged. It seems not to be described in the manual. What would you do? Exchange the players cards? 
2474	boardgames	 Blue Max Works well with anywhere from 2-21 according to BGG. You're constantly fighting the other players as you skillfully maneuver your various planes, so you need to keep an eye on as many people as possible to be successful. 
2475	boardgames	 Shadow Hunters Kind of like Werewolf as everyone's secretly assigned a role and trying to survive without being killed by the other players, but a bit more involved as there's more character abilities and special items. Very player flexible. 
2476	boardgames	
2477	boardgames	Puzzle Strike is a deck-building game published by Sirlin Games that uses chips instead of cards and simulates a Puzzle Fighter-like video game.
2478	boardgames	 Battlestar Galactica is a 3-6 player game based on the Sci-Fi TV series, published by Fantasy Flight Games. It is a mostly cooperative game featuring a "hidden traitor" mechanic. Players select characters and work together to save humanity, but some portion of them are secretly Cylons, evil robots bent on destruction. (Playtime: about 3 hours.) There are three expansions: pegasus (Includes support for an additional Cylon leader player, the Pegasus board, New Caprica, and other additions) exodus (Includes the Cylon fleet board, trauma, allies, and other additions) daybreak (Includes mutiny, missions, two location boards, and other additions) 
2479	boardgames	Battlestar Galactica is a 3-6 player game based on the Sci-Fi TV series, published by Fantasy Flight Games. It is a mostly cooperative game featuring a "hidden traitor" mechanic. Players select characters and work together to save humanity, but some portion of them are secretly Cylons, evil robots bent on destruction. (Playtime: about 3 hours.)
2480	boardgames	 Carcassonne is a game where create a map of medieval countryside one tile at a time, scoring points by completing cities, roads, and other features. It is published by Hans im Glück and Rio Grande Games. 2-5 players, 30-45 minute playtime. It won the Spiel des Jahres prize in 2001. There are several expansions for Carcassonne (ie. playing up to 6 player, new tiles, monsters, princesses, trading and so on...). Expansions (that have tags here): carcassonne-catapult carcassonne-the-river carcassonne-new-world Editions: There have been 3 editions of the rules since the game was released. We have several posts detailing the differences. There seem to be several different scoring systems for fields/cities in Carcassonne -- which is correct? How is game feel and strategy different between the 1st and 3rd edition scoring rules? 
2481	boardgames	Carcassonne is a game where create a map of medieval countryside one tile at a time, scoring points by completing cities, roads, and other features. It is published by Hans im Glück and Rio Grande Games. 2-5 players, 30-45 minute playtime.
2482	boardgames	 Are you playing with the Caravan rules? From the rulebook: If a player cannot play the Travel Card(s) required by the type of transportation, he can play any three Travel Cards (including Raft Travel Cards) instead. This move is called a “Caravan”. “Caravans” only move on roads that provide a type of transportation. Caravans do not travel on rivers and lakes. If there is an Obstacle on the road, the player must play any four instead of three Travel Cards. As I understand it, Elfenroads did NOT have this rule, making it easier to get stranded. Apparently some people hate the Caravan rule because it means players don't have to be supremely careful not to get themselves stuck any more... 
2483	boardgames	 Where can I find official tournament and league rules for Dominion? 
2484	boardgames	 I'm of a somewhat different opinion. The interpretation of the Almanac rule entry under ending the game seems to hinge on two key sentences: Alpha : If you have 10 or more victory points during your turn the game ends and you are the winner! If you reach 10 points when it is not your turn, the game continues until any player (including you) has 10 points on his turn. and Beta : If somehow you find you have 10 victory points during another player's turn, you must wait until your next turn to claim victory. In Alpha above, the meaning seems to support the view that indeed, the game should have ended on player A's term (per the original post/question). This seems to be Mohamad's interpretation in declaring player B's turn an "illegal" turn. Indeed, were there some neutral, omniscient 3rd party (e.g. perhaps on a webbased game), victory would be determined by proxy immediately any player has 10 points on their turn, through some basic boolean calculation. No next turn would arise and there would be no potential for this mishap or oversight to occur. However, the reality (not hypothetical) of playing a face-to-face strategy game, is that one is responsible for declaring when one has won. e.g. The rules of Monopoly state that when a player goes around "go", they collect 200. In an automated version of the game, one's bank account may increase by 200 automatically upon passing go. However, in most competitive games, one must remember to actually claim that 200, or once the turn passes to the next player, your "right" to the 200 (per the rules) is often forfeited. Similarly, when one buys a lottery ticket, one must choose the winning lottery numbers to win. However, while a person may take personal satisfaction from their ability to foresee winning numbers, they are not in fact rewarded for this if they fail to actually claim the winning numbers. In such a scenario, they would have picked the winning numbers (analagously, been the first to 10 points), but do not win the lottery (receive no reward for doing so) because they did not claim their win (analagously, person A did not in claim his win, and so the game did not in fact end - though, per the rules, it should have ). As a result of person A's miscalculation/oversight, the game did not in fact end. As person A seems to have handed the dice to person B and passed the turn onto B, the game in fact continued. In the absence of an omniscient, neutral, rule enforcer, the onus must be on the player to declare that they have won. Consider the robber. If on Person X's turn, person X rolled 7, but moved the robber, but "forgot" to rob an opponent, and then passed his turn on to Person Y, it would seem that despite the rules clearly stating that when a person rolls 7 they must move the robber AND take a card from an opponent of their choice, person X through his own oversight, allowed the game to continue and therby forfeited his "right" to the card theft. Of course, if playing with lenient friends, one might expect them to allow one to fulfill that turn, however, play having moved on, there would be no obligation on the remaining players to allow him to return back to his turn and do what he should have done, per the rules, on his turn. Similarly, by failing to bring an end to the game when he had 10 points, person A ignored the rules through his own oversight. The game should have ended - just as person X, in the example above, should have robbed a card from an opponent of his choice. In the absence of a neutral, omniscient, rule-enforcer, the onus is on each player to remember to claim his rights. By failing to end the game on his turn, person A allowed the game to continue. Person B's turn can not then be rendered illegal as a result of Person A's oversight. Similarly, if person Y (following person X's failure to rob his card) was then to use a card to buy a development card, or build a settlement etc, person X could not then say "oh wait - i forgot to rob you on my turn, so take back your settlement and let me do what I should have done on my turn, per the rules". That would require great leniency and tolerance! Person B should not be punished for Person A's oversight and consequent failure to follow the rules, and end the game on, just as Person Y can not be expected to reverse his turn to allow Person X such a great advantage that he forfeited through his own carelessness. Having allowed the game to continue to Person B's turn, Person A finds himself now in the condition described by Beta above: Beta : If somehow you find you have 10 victory points during another player's turn, you must wait until your next turn to claim victory. Now certainly there are multiple ways to find yourself in this situation. (e.g. someone builds a settlement inbetween an opponent's longest route and you now have the longest routes and suddenly have 10 points!). And in some of the expansions, indeed, there are other ways to earn points out of turn. This does not change the fact that person A is also now in this situation. And the rules are clear on what Person A's options are: he must wait until his next turn. As such, it seems person A is unfortunately, simply out of luck. The game continued as a result of his own oversight, and as such, he has no claim to the victory as although the game should have ended, in the absence of a neutral, omniscient, rule-enforcer , the onus to end the game was on him. He neglected to do so, and thus, the game did not in fact end. His turn passed, and person B declared victory. Any other conclusion would require retroactive enforcement of rules, just as person X would wish he could retroactively steal a card as he was entitled to do on his turn when he rolled a 7. Alas, such a request would require the leniency of their opponents, and such leniency can not be compelled. Moral of the story: one needs to pay attention! Forgetfulness and inattention to detail are very costly in all strategy games and Settlers of Catan is no exception! 
2485	boardgames	 There are intentionally no official tournament rules for Dominion. There is a long, meandering discussion of tournament rules for Dominion on BGG. I was pretty happy with the tournament rules used for Dominion at the 2010 World Boardgaming Championship. Two things that it got right were An emphasis on game placement rather than points per game to determine advancers Playing two games per round and reversing seating order between games But don't expect anything near consensus on the best tournament rules for Dominion. 
2487	boardgames	 As thesunneversets answered, Coloretto just uses the same basic mechanic, it's utterly different and incompatible with the other two games, and really shouldn't be associated with them. I'm adding an answer to note that Zooloretto and Aquaretto can be played together as one larger game, and the combination makes for a really great, much more strategic game that takes about 90 minutes. It's by far my favorite way to play, and I was fortunate enough to be taught it by the designer himself, who did a good job of explaining the greater depth imbued by the pairing. 
2488	boardgames	 Where can I get a good cheap set of blank cards? Amazon sells them, but it is apparently difficult to get a pen to work on them. In my case I ask because I like bohnanza, but can't tolerate the illustrations. Others may have other uses. 
2490	boardgames	 Long Shot Horse racing game for 3-8 players, good amount of strategy. 
2491	boardgames	 I wrote Mayfair Games and asked them for clarification. Their response was as follows: According to Rules Guru (rules /at/ mayfairgames.com) You can only declare a victory on your turn. If player A has 10 pts visible on the board then he wins(kind of like poker “cards on table call”), if player A had VP cards and did not turn them over to declare victory on his turn, then he lost. This means player A, even if he forgot to end the game on his turn, should win. However, in the context of this particular case, player A only reached 10 points by indeed drawing a Victory Point Card, which he failed to declare. Therefore player B won. I wrote back to clarify this point: Based on your answer, I would stand to reason that if player A had 10 points showing on the board, but forgot to declare victory, then player B declared victory, player A would still win (even though it's no longer his turn). This makes the line "you can only declare victory on your turn" not entirely accurate, unless we acknowledge that declaring victory does not automatically make you winner as this would have been the case had player A had 10 points on the board. To which I received the following response: Yes it is accurate. If you’re playing you should know your point total, I guarantee most people playing with you know it. If you build and achieve 10 on the board most people will say good game you win, even if you didn’t notice. In a friendly game that is how it is played. 
2493	boardgames	 I was poking around the other day looking for the same answer. Plaincards.com sells software to design your own cards and blank cards to print your designs on. Seems pretty cool, but it looks like you're limited to standard playing card sizes (i.e. no tiny Arkham cards). Their complete product line appears here . I'm not sure what size cards Bohnanza uses. I'm in the midst of designing my own game but I need different sized cards (1.5" by 2.5") so their apparent lack of that size is kind of a deal breaker. DeLano Service is another site that could get cards made. Sounds to be a bit more fancy that what you're looking for, perhaps more like a prototype company that an supplier of blank cards, but perhaps they'd sell blank cards if asked. (Note: I have no affiliation with either site.) 
2494	boardgames	 Can't even do the solo game without a question! Just opened and punched Castle Ravenloft. Running the intro solo adventure. Place Strahd's Crypt Put your hero anywhere on the tile I put my Hero right on the edge of the crypt. After all, the further he can get from Strahd the better! The turn order is Hero phase Exploration phase Villain phase So it appears that during my first turn, I have a 4x3 area on Strahd's Crypt to explore. (There is nothing there). I can find no rules on placing new tiles during your hero phase so I don't believe my hero can move off the tile edge and needs to wait for the exploration phase to place a tile. Is this interpretation correct? I feel like I have to be missing something here. 
2495	boardgames	 This is correct. Tiles are normally placed during the exploration phase. I haven't found a time when they are placed any other time. With this scenario, the first turn is, basically, "skip your hero phase", then explore, battle monsters and possibly deal with an encounter. 
2497	boardgames	 Although not a particularly cheap solution, you could use a service like Artscow to print off this redesign of Bohnanza: 
2498	boardgames	 For some reason, I agreed to play Risk with my wife and her friend the other night, and we decided to try the Mission cards in Risk because no one wanted to go for global domination. I would soon be reminded why I don't play this game. One of the mission cards states "Control two islands". While there is nothing in the rules that states what exactly is an "island", to me, islands would be any of the following countries: Great Britain Iceland Greenland Indonesia New Guinea Madagascar Japan However, our friend also claimed Australia was an island, albeit a "very big island". Pulling up the Wiki Answers article as well as the Wikipedia article state that Australia is a technically a continent and not an island, partly due to being on its own tectonic plate. The Wikipedia article does mention that Australia has been dubbed the "island continent", which was enough to give our lawyer friend something to hold on to. Barring common sense, are there any rulings as to which countries count for the mission card? 
2499	boardgames	 Within this context, I would define an island as a territory which is completely surrounded by water. By this definition Australia would not be an island, since in the game it's divided into two territories. That said, from a mechanical standpoint there's no difference between an island and a landlocked territory. 
2500	boardgames	 Consulting Wikipedia , I see that the Secret Missions have been changed. Unfortunately, I cannot find a full list of the newer mission cards. Looking at the old cards, there are several of the form: capture Europe, Australia and one other continent capture Europe, South America and one other continent capture North America and Africa capture Asia and South America capture North America and Australia As long as your set of mission cards contain missions worded similarly then I think most reasonable people would grant you that Australia is a continent and therefore not an island . 
2501	boardgames	 Australia is not an island. The rules for the 2003 edition define an island as follows: A mission may require you to control an island. An island is a territory completely surrounded by water and only connected to other territories by sea-lines, for example Indonesia. See page 18 of the rules here: 
2502	boardgames	 I like Scrabble for learning a foreign language or enriching my vocabulary in my native language. What other games also help you do that? Please submit one game per answer only - that works best with voting. If you want to submit multiple games, just leave multiple answers. 
2504	boardgames	 In a Pickle (English). For up to six players. Can a giraffe fit in a phone booth? Does a sofa fit in a shopping cart? It all depends on how you size it up in this game of creative thinking and outrageous scenarios. Try to win a set of cards by fitting smaller things into bigger things — there's some juice in a pickle, in a supermarket, in a parking lot. Play the fourth word card to claim the set, unless one of your opponents can trump with a larger word. The player with the most sets at the end is the big winner! Includes 300 cards and instructions. I can tell from personal experience that the game is quite fun, for native and non-native speakers alike. It encourages thinking outside the box, re-interpreting words and defending your interpretation. Someone puts a president in a jam, but then someone else puts that jam in a glass. Or someone plays the card with the word "universe", thinking that no one can beat that, but then the next person plays the card with the word "dictionary" and wins the set (after all, "universe" is a word in a dictionary). 
2505	boardgames	 Quizzle I have a board game called Quizzle in Dutch. I couldn't find the English name - I'm not sure it even exists in English. The idea is, every player has an 8x8 square board in front of them and places letters and "black squares" on it; players take turns selecting one or multiple letters that they can use, and then every player has to use a copy of that letter on their board. This yields a crossword-like arrangement on every player's board. At the end of the game, you get points for every horizontally or vertically oriented valid Dutch word delimited by either the edge of the board or the black squares. 
2506	boardgames	 Fictionary (Balderdash) There's a game called Fictionary by wikipedia, variations of which are known as Balderdash and under several other names. In it, one player selects a very uncommon word from a dictionary and tells the other players what the word is. It should be a word that none of the other players know the meaning of. Then the player that picked the word writes the dictionary definition on a small piece of paper, and the other players all try to come up with a definition of the word that sounds plausible and also write these definitions on pieces of paper. These pieces of paper are then shuffled by the first player and read in random order. All of the other players select which meaning of the word they find the most plausible (but they are not allowed to select their own invention). Once everyone has made their selection, these selections are revealed. Every player (other than the first player) gets a point if their definition was selected by another player or if they selected the correct definition. Then it is the next player's turn to pick a word from the dictionary, and the game continues. The best part of the game is the insane word definitions that you sometimes can't resist writing down, even though you know they will not attract any votes. 
2508	boardgames	 I personally feel as if there could be a strong argument for switching the way that Longest Route works. After all, you already get lots of points for building the efficient 5- and 6-length routes that are the bread and butter of winning the Longest Route bonus. Wouldn't there be a more interesting tension in the game if building lots of inefficient, low-scoring routes was what lined you up for the bonus? This is precisely why all of the TtR versions after the first don't use the Longest Route mechanism, and at least two use exactly the method you describe. 
2510	boardgames	 Quiddler (follow the link to see the rules) is "a cross between Scrabble and Rummy" that might suit your needs - it's just a deck of cards with letters on really, so you could probably make your own if you needed to, and it'd be good for playing on trains too! I enjoyed it the few times I played it, though it suffers from all the same problems as Scrabble: one player with a phenomenal vocabulary can easily outmatch the rest of table; plus you will definitely need a good dictionary on hand to resolve disputes! 
2512	boardgames	 The True Winner is player A . The first player to obtain 10 points on his or her turn is the winner. From the online FAQ about this situation at catan.com The game ends as soon as a player has reached the required number of victory points on his turn. If he’s unaware of it, you should tell him, because you can’t take an already gained victory away from him. This means my earlier comments to the contrary are WRONG , please ignore them as the rantings of a madman. :) 
2513	boardgames	 Someone introduced us to Forbidden Island the other day. Easy to learn entertaining race against the system to recover items then escape as the waters rise and tiles disappear. Not without some flaws though: our first game was over in failure almost as soon as it began due to some unlucky turn-ups, and sometimes it's so obvious what each player/character needs to do the game feels like it's running on rails. 
2514	boardgames	 Several cards beef up monsters (such as "...with Eyes In the Back of Its Head"). These cards do not say "Play at any time" on them, so according to my reading of the rules they should only be playable during your own turn, but people I've played with claim you can play them when a opponent is facing a monster. What's correct? 
2515	boardgames	 Check out the side bar entitled, "Non-Helpers in Combat" on page 10 of the rules for the explanation of when you can play monster boosters. Play a Monster Enhancer on one of the monsters in the fight ... You can play these at any time, not just during combat 
2516	boardgames	 I agree with Pat I think, but it was a different section of the rules that caught my eye: Certain cards, called monster enhancers, raise or lower the combat strength of individual monsters. (Yes, you can have a negative enhancement.) Monster enhancers may be played by any player during any combat. I don't know if we're looking at the same version of the rules or different ones, but the general facts of the case seem clear! 
2518	boardgames	 Bananagrams Though it may be too similar to Scrabble, as an answer to your question, in Bananagrams your playing a more or less solo scrabble board. Playing tiles to make words in a "crossword"/Scrabble pattern. When playing with others, there's a speed feel because when a player uses up their last tile, they yell "peel!" and everyone else is forced to take another tile and added it to their pile of tiles. It's pretty enjoyable. I've rarely seen a game won by someone making a come back, once you're beating everyone a win is almost guaranteed. 
2520	boardgames	 In a 5 player game, if the 2nd player gets coffee, they may take prospector and then builder on the next round and build a coffee roaster as their first building. It can work out well for them, since the player will be able to trade coffee unblocked for several rounds. 
2524	boardgames	 Bohnanza Wikipedia is a card game where the goal for the player is to plant the maximum of beans in its two fields. During the first step of a player's turn, it is possible to play the two first cards of his hand. Is it possible to plant the two cards in the same field in order to get rid of these two cards without touching the second field ? (I mean, you plant the first bean in the field that you harvest immediately to be able to plant another type of bean in it.) 
2525	boardgames	 It certainly is possible. The cardinal rule of Bohnanza planting is "you must plant your first card, you may plant your second card". The only restriction on those two plantings is that they must both be legal. And you can harvest at any time, even for no profit, even between one planting in the first step and the next. Initially I misread your question and answered as if you were asking "is it possible to play two cards of the same type in the same field in the first step of the first turn", which of course it is. Simply because it would be totally bizarre to overplant in the same field. (Someone will doubtless correct me if I'm wrong, but I think there's no possible advantage to keeping the second bean field free in this way in the first turn. If you plant and then overplant, and then turn up two copies of the bean that is now in the discard pile, or someone (mystifyingly) wants to give you three free copies of the bean in the discard pile, then you have presumably lost out! The absolute worst case scenario is that you will have to overplant the first bean field later in your first turn, or in your second turn, but that's not actually a very bad scenario at all: you lost nothing by letting the bean hang around in your field for a short time, while you were considering your options.) Later on, it's possible to rapidly plant and overplant to cycle through your beans. Just remember that you can never plant over a single bean if you have another field planted with multiple beans! 
2530	boardgames	 Yes , You may plant both beans in the same field on any turn. The rules state that during step one you: Must plant the first bean If it matches a currently planted bean then plant the new bean there If you have an empty field plant it there Otherwise you must harvest and sell all beans in one field before planting the new bean in the newly empty field You may plant the second bean using the same rules as the first bean. When planting the second bean, it is legal to harvest and sell the bean you just planted. It's often a very good move to do so. 
2531	boardgames	 Note: this is an old answer. I now recommend a 10% increment rule: any new bid must be at least 10% higher than current high bid. This is simple and enough to keep the bidding from dragging on and on. Been playing this way with my sons and need to help my 1st grader by announcing the next allowable bid. The house rule I have come up with is that the minimum bid increment must be: 1. At least 1% of the current bid (round up) AND 2. At least 50% of previous bid increment. Here is an example aution of a railroad under these rules A: $100 B: $101 (minimum based on #1) C: $103 (minimum based on #1) A: $203 delta $100 C: $253 delta $50 (minimum based on #2) A: $280 delta $27 C: $294 delta $14 (minimum based on #2) A: $301 delta $7 (minimum based on #2) 
2533	boardgames	 We have played with a minimum 1st bid of 1/4 the price of the property (to vary with property value, but to allow for unchallenged bids to be profitable from immediately mortgaging; this puts upward pressure on the 2nd bid, pushing it towards the mortgage price). Incremental bids are then at least the no-house rent amount (and so also varies with property value). 
2534	boardgames	 Poker Some may object to a gambling game, but it's easy enough to just give everyone 5K or 10K in chips and play tournament style for the points. Or you could play candy poker: split a big bag of miniature chocolates up to use as chips. Omaha Hold 'Em is a very exciting game that can play up to 11 (5 table cards, 3 burn cards, and 4 to a person, deals out the whole deck). Texas Hold 'Em is quite strategic and popular as well, and can actually seat up to 22 people. Mind you a 22 person Texas Hold 'Em game would be quite random and hard to follow, but you could do it. 
2536	boardgames	 The way I usually tell it to people is this: what do you like about Catan, and what would like to improve on? Because each expansion generally tweaks one broad area. Seafarers is ideal if you think Catan is fine, but wish it was bigger. More space to place things, more exploration, and generally just more Catan. Same basic rules, new maps. Cities and Knights is best if you think Catan is too simple, or too easy, or something like that. It makes the game deeper instead of broader, and adds more strategy options. Traders and Barbarians is actually my recommended expansion in general, because it is very diverse. It's good if you just want to tweak the game a little (I never play without Harbourmaster now, and I often bring in Fishers). It's also great if you want something different: from a minigame that's like Cities and Knights light to a modification that basically turns Catan into an entirely different game. I think, for the money, T&amp;B really just gives you the most stuff. Seafarers I recommend second, unless as I said, you just want bigger Catan. C&amp;K I recommend last, unless the group just really wants a more complex game, and even then T&amp;B probably covers that. The 5-6 Player expansions I consider obvious: if you often have 5 or 6 people who want in on Catan, you need the expansions. You could also get the 5-6 basic game expansions as a kind of mini-seafarers, if you just wanted to play with four people a little less aggressively with a bigger island. 
2540	boardgames	
2541	boardgames	Advanced Civilization (1991) is the upgrade to Civilization (1980) designed by Francis Tresham. It's a game for from 2-8 people of civilization building; involving population expansion, trading, war and technology advances. You must own Civilization to be able to play Advanced Civilization, though there is no in-print English edition currently.
2543	boardgames	 It seems like you may be asking for a variant. You can vary things in many ways Pre-seed roles with money. Use a closed money auction mechanic instead of turn order. Make a certain role unavailable first round Draw roles randomly first round Invert benefits first round. 
2545	boardgames	 Player 4 shouldn't be playing Craftsman, knowing that player 5 will Captain. Sure, if he player 4 uses Craftsman, players 4 and 5 get a 1-2 VP advantage over players 1-3, but they'd both be better off Prospecting this early in the game. So the following is a good alternative: Player 4: Prospector Player 5: Prospector or Craftsman 
2546	boardgames	 We were playing the Days of Wonder game Pirate's Cove earlier this evening; it's a lot of fun but the rules aren't exactly watertight , and more than once I felt there was considerable ambiguity in how they should be interpreted. Here's one that I remember: If a pirate ship flees or is sent packing from combat, their opponents remaining in the fight get 1 Fame point for seeing them off. At one point two of us sailed to the same island and a third player sprang the Royal Navy on us. The Royal Navy crippled one ship, which was forced to set sail for Pirate's Cove. The question: does the remaining player get a Fame point, on the grounds that they have outlasted an opponent in battle? Our group majority-voted no, because at the time both ships were fighting the Navy together, so it didn't count as seeing off an opponent. But I wasn't so sure... 
2547	boardgames	 We were playing the Days of Wonder game Pirate's Cove earlier this evening; it's a lot of fun but the rules aren't exactly watertight , and more than once I felt there was considerable ambiguity in how they should be interpreted. Here's one that I remember: You play the battle card that gives you a bonus of +6 to your Sails, when your Sails are the weakest aspect of your ship. Does this bonus only extend as far as letting you fire first in combat, i.e. if you get hit on your sails a couple of times are you still out for the count? Or do you have to be hit six extra times to be eliminated? I suspect the answer is the former, but as I've narrowly lost the game at least once because my Sails got speedily knocked down despite receiving the bonus from this card, I'd love to find out that the latter was true! 
2548	boardgames	 We were playing the Days of Wonder game Pirate's Cove earlier this evening; it's a lot of fun but the rules aren't exactly watertight , and more than once I felt there was considerable ambiguity in how they should be interpreted. Here's one that I remember: One of our pirates was fortunate enough to draw a Parrot as his starting card. Within the first couple of turns, though, our ships came into conflict. Being a hater of birds, I opened fire on his parrot and shot it clean off the mizzenmast instead of concentrating on sinking the shap. Losing one's parrot is obviously worth a humiliating -2 Fame. But if you had 0 Fame when you lost it, do you go to -2 or stay at 0? The scoring track is circular so it was easy enough to represent a negative score, but was this correct? 
2549	boardgames	 I am looking for a wargame of any genre that has rules for creating stats for any miniature from any company. I know I've seen at least one set of rules like that, but I can't remember what the name of it was, nor can I find it through Google, as I'm not sure what to look for. It doesn't matter if it's a free game or if I have to pay for the rules, I just need a game where I can use the minis I've already got. 
2550	boardgames	 From the Settlers of Catan website FAQ: "Requirements for Victory - What if someone has reached the required number of victory points for a win but is unaware of it? Did this player win anyway? Answer: Yes. The game ends as soon as a player has reached the required number of victory points on his turn. If he’s unaware of it, you should tell him, because you can’t take an already gained victory away from him." Therefore, the only way it seems that you can gain 10 points in the regular game is when it's not your turn is if someone breaks up a longest road. So it's likely that the confusing language was used in regards to the breaking up the longest road; and in anticipation of the fact that in the expansion sets there are ways of getting points when it's not your turn. 
2551	boardgames	 On a tie vote, the Yes votes carry. Mayfair Games released this game as Wacky Wacky West , on their website is a play demonstration/rules explanation video. At about 3:15 the voting is explained and contains this: If there are more yes votes than no votes or if it's a tie the tile is played and the outhouse is destroyed. On BoardGameGeek, there is a file uploaded entitled Rule clarification - tied voting which has: The German rules state the following: &quot;Ueberwiegen die Ja-Stimmen oder waren Nein- und Ja-Stimmen gleich stark, bleibt das Plaettchen ueber dem Toilettenhaeuschen liegen.&quot; This can be translated as follows: If there are more &quot;Ja&quot; votes than &quot;Ne&quot; votes, or if the &quot;Ja&quot; and &quot;Ne&quot; votes are equally strong, the tile remains in place. 
2552	boardgames	 I just got Intrigue, and it seems cool that it opens up the game to 5 or 6 players. However, the common consensus seems to be that its possible, but not recommended . Is there anything I can do to make Dominion play better with 5 or 6 people? 
2553	boardgames	 The biggest problem with extra players that I usually see is down-time . Dominion is partially a group solitaire game. There is some interaction between players with attack cards, but otherwise your opponents turns won't matter a lot besides keeping an idea on what piles are low and the game end. I find with 5 the main problem is "I know what I'm going to do, I just have to wait through 3 more people's turns to do it". You also might want to tweak the number of kingdom card piles to somewhere between 11 and 13. The first and easiest thing you can do is lessen the cards that take longer to resolve . Spy, Throne room, Adventurer, Contraband, Counting House, Possession, and many others tend to make turns take a little longer. This doesn't mean that they are bad in any way, it just means if you are worried about long down-times with 5 or 6 people you might want to forgo them. Removing certain cards may annoy hardcore players who want a truly random layout, but my games usually aren't super serious and its worth it to fit in the extra person. Another thing you can do if you are adventurous with 6 is play 3 teams of 2 . Turns pass from one team to another. Both members of that team take their turns at the same time and have totally separate decks. Their attack cards only affect the players on the other teams. It helps to use attack cards that don't depend on order very much in case you both attack. What do you do if one of you plays a spy and the other a thief? What order do they go in? Instead of trying to make rules about this, just use attacks that don't clash with others too easily, like militia and witch. The team mechanism is mainly to allow some simultaneous turns; you can play as a team and do some minor collaboration, like who should buy what or who should focus on attacks vs. victory points, or still make it every man for themselves and have the player with the most victory points win. 
2554	boardgames	 Not forever, but for a while at least, don't play with the cards that require a player to make a choice for every other player. I'm thinking of cards like the Spy, where you get to choose whether or not to trash the top card of each player's deck. I suggest this because, if your group is inexperienced at Dominion, this kind of thing can easily slow the game down to a crawl. Personally I find that a lot of my Dominion actions are really simple things like "buy a Treasure" or "buy a Province". It drives me crazy if I'm waiting 5 minutes between each move when I'm just autopiloting my strategy. Once everyone is experienced at Dominion, of course, they can get their moves done quickly and efficiently, even if multiple additional actions and draws are involved. As long as the game is going pretty much as fast as it can go, there are no grounds can complaint. But until then, it can be really frustrating to be sitting around non-interactively for minutes on end waiting to play a move that requires no thought on your part anyway. So, yes, that's my suggestion: phase the more complex and fiddly cards in gradually! 
2555	boardgames	 One suggestion I have is that, once someone finishes playing all their actions, have the next person start playing. There is only one Treasure card that involves any other player doing anything, and that is Contraband, where the person to your left can name a card you cannot buy. Having said that, if a player has a card that affects other players, they need to stop and wait for the other players to catch up. Two non-attack cards this applies to are Masquerade and Vault. If you're going to play an action that requires you to count cards (Counting House, Philosopher's Stone), count the cards in advance. The only time you can't do this is if you have other actions that will affect the card count. In the case of Philosopher's Stone, this is any card that causes you to draw cards (cards in your hand and in play are not counted by Philosopher's Stone). For Counting House, this big one that affects this is Chancellor, as long as you have two or more actions this turn. This next part wasn't really what you were asking for, but for each player over 4, you should add 3 Estates, 7 Coppers, 10 Curses, and 3 Provinces to the game. The Estates and Coppers make sure these piles stay at their respective starting numbers despite the number of players (12 and 32 respectively), as there are cards that may or may not manipulate these piles. Increasing the number of Curses and Provinces is mentioned in the Intrigue rulebook. 
2556	boardgames	 In Elfenland, it states that on step 6, all the transport counters that were placed on the map are to be removed and shuffled with the remaining face down counters. Should I understand from this, that the map will never be completely filled with counters? If that is indeed correct, then if 4 players are in separate regions and have no way of interacting directly and no interest, can you only use your few counters to move around your position? 
2557	boardgames	 Can you pay with houses or hotels or do they remain with you forever? 
2558	boardgames	 From the Monopoly Deal FAQ (scroll down to near the end): Q - WHICH CARDS CAN I USE TO PAY OTHER PLAYERS? (E.G. FOR RENT, BIRTHDAYS ETC.) A - You can choose to pay: from your Bank (with money or Action cards that you've Banked as money), with Property cards, or with a combination of both. Remember, you can only pay with cards that are on the table in front of you, never with cards from your hand. You cannot pay with Houses or Hotels you have on properties because they are not in your bank nor are they Property cards themselves. If you had Banked them, you could use them to pay for things. 
2559	boardgames	 As far as I understand it, the Transportation Counters are removed at the end of the turn, but all players play out the Transportation Counters before the movement phase starts. In the movement phase, you can use the counters that other players have played onto routes. If the players start the turn isolated from each other, it seems likely that a successful tactic would be to move towards and make good use of the Transportation Counters laid by another player! 
2560	boardgames	 At present I only own the Dominion Base set and my girlfriend and I have only played the game a few times. I figure we'll stick to the starter layout for a few more games but after that I'm curious what are some fun initial setups for 2-person play? As I noted in comments below I'm looking for multiple setups which will be well suited for a fun two person game. By fun I mean multiple strategies and some interaction. I'm playing with my girlfriend, when we've played random setups we have had fun but have found many that aren't as engaging as others. Cards such as Council Room (which some don't like) at least engaged the other player during a turn. I am open to buying expansions in the future but initially I'm looking for suggestions to have fun with just the base set. 
2561	boardgames	 I find most setups usually work equally well with different numbers of players, especially in the base set. Make some yourself, try an online randomizer , or look for highly rated games with just the base . Its hard to go wrong whatever you do. Oh, but if you want to keep your relationship together you might want to leave out the witch and the militia. :D 
2563	boardgames	 FASA's Vor was designed to do exactly this for generic science fiction - it's set in a huge void which sucks in planets and life from all over the universe. Unfortunately FASA's collapse prevented the detailed rulebook for custom miniature stats from ever being published, but the basic rules in the main set are workable, just not detailed. Mechanically it resembled a conventional 40k-ish skirmish wargame, d10-based, with an interesting order system that allowed for good tactical use of cover. (A new version has been in development, but it's Kickstarter project has just failed to raise the funds to get art and printing for the main rules printed, so I don't know if anything will happen.) Aetherverse is also intended to allow flexible use of any force; this one set on multiple-parallel-Earths. I haven't played it, so can't comment on the mechanics. 
2564	boardgames	 When playing as Japan in Axis and Allies, 2nd edition, should Japan attack Pearl Harbor on its first turn? If so, why and what force structure do you use? Do your actions depend on what Russia and the UK have done on their first turn (e.g. heavily fortified Eastern Russia or build an Indian factory)? Do you press on with the attack no matter what or is there a point at which you'd cut your losses and retreat? If you win, do you take your fleet back to home waters on turn two, or do you continue South or East? If you don't attack, what's your rationale and what do you do with the units that might have participated? 
2565	boardgames	 I was under the impression that the play time in Settlers of Catan was more modest than say, Risk. However it seems almost as long. This is often due to a lot of trading and talk which drags on for a lot of time as people propose variations on a declined trade. Have any of you found similar problems? How would you solve this? 
2566	boardgames	 First, make sure you're following the rule that the person who's turn it is must be involved in all trades during that turn. If you let everyone trade during the trading phase, discussions could take a while. Assuming you're following that rule, it really shouldn't take that person very long to figure out all of the available trades. If you start out by saying "I'm looking for sheep and ore. Is anyone willing to trade those to me?", you can very quickly get a sense of whether any trades will be possible. If anyone says "yes", you say "I have wood or brick that I'm willing to trade, are you interested in either of those?" Now you allow them to propose the precise details of the trade, or you let them say "I'm interested in brick" and you propose a precise trade. There really shouldn't be much of a back and forth; either there's a trade that both of you are interested in, or there isn't, and it shouldn't take more than a few seconds to figure that out. Yes, occasionally you will have a back-and-forth negotiation, but it shouldn't happen in the majority of trades. It can take some practice to get into the habit of trading quickly and efficiently. I'd recommend trying out Bohnanza ( bgg | wikipedia ) with the group; it's a fairly quick and easy game that consists almost entirely of trading, so if you play it, you will get in the habit of trading quickly and efficiently or else the game will drag on forever. Beyond that, it's really a matter of being disciplined while you play. In almost any game, if you allow people to take too long making up their minds or getting distracted by something trivial, it will take a while. Try and set a reasonable pace for the trading by example and by encouraging other players to trade efficiently, and it should speed up after a little while. 
2567	boardgames	 If analysis-paralysis is your issue see here . Some minor encouragement to speed things up usually helps, and if not you can think about imposing a turn timer if you think its necessary. Its tempting to figure out every possible trade you could make, but its rarely beneficial or a good use of time. If you've played the game a few times, solved your long trades issue, and still want quicker game there's a few other tricks you can try. Granted these will change the strategy of the game in minor ways. play to 9 victory points. use cards instead of dice. I just combine two decks to simulate a dice roll. Having one player do all the card picking can make things go a bit faster. give the beginning of the game a little jump-start. roll the dice twice before each player's turn in a 2 or 3 player game. 
2568	boardgames	 Someone just spilled water on my Carcassonne tiles. The illustrations are coming apart from the cardboard (they're wrinkling). What's the best thing to do? How can I dry them with best results? 
2569	boardgames	 Sorry to add another non-answer, but I'd say that if you play several games in a row with the exact same set of cards, you'll quickly tire of it. Especially with the base set, most 10 card sets will have one or two best strategies, but often not much beyond that. Pretty soon, you're both just going to be going after the same strategy each time. You'll learn the specific strategy of how to play those 10 cards well, but you won't really be learning the game the way you should, and will be slow to pick up on new strategies when you start mixing it up. 
2570	boardgames	 We were playing Cities and Knights at the weekend and halfway through the game realised that no one had earned the largest army card. The reason behind this was that no one knew what it was earned for. A couple of us scanned through the rule book in search of the answer, but to no avail. Having since looked at the Wikipedia page (linked above) I see that it's the player with the most knight points, but do the knights have to be active, and is there a minimum requirement? 
2571	boardgames	 The sad answer is that the only real shot you have at saving wet die-cut cardboard counters is when they're still wet, as far as I know. If you immediately put them on a tray, or in a plastic box (if in layers, separate the layers with wax paper), and put them in a very cold freezer and leave them there for a long time (i.e. weeks or months), then the water freezing will tend not to mis-shape the cardboard, and gradual sublimation will happen very slowly over time and your counters should dry out. Taking them out of the freezer later will require care as condensation will occur on the counter surfaces: best to bring them into air that's as dry as possible and as cool as possible, and have lots of blotting material ready until the counters' temperature gets warm enough. If all you're concerned about is functional tiles that don't have separating layers, you can try re-gluing with a decoupage solution (good decoupage glue will dry clear), but I have never tried that and I suspect such a project would require great patience and care (and again, I suspect would meet with more success if done while the tiles were still wet/damp). In terms of this particular game where it's important to have relatively non-distinguishable tiles, I suspect this solution isn't going to produce happy results. In the long run, you may find that the easiest, least expensive (in terms of materials and time) solution is to simply buy another copy of the game (and ask the water-spiller to help defray the cost, if you feel comfortable doing that). 
2572	boardgames	 I'm not massively familiar with wargames, but I thought this suggestion from another question may be of interest to you. Brikwars is a gaming system intended to be played with Lego-esque figures. However, the stats for each figure are largely based on the figures dimensions (e.g. rules about weapons ), and so it is possible to create stats for any figure of any kind. 
2574	boardgames	 The Largest Army card is not used in Cities and Knights . See the rulebook p2, under &quot;What you need from your Settlers game&quot; Set aside ... The Largest Army card 
2575	boardgames	 I have the German Ohne Furcht und Adel version in the tin. The Dark Lands. The rule book gives clarification on a handful of purple cards. It is quite clear. The Wishing Well itself does NOT get an extra point. 
2576	boardgames	 What I have seen people do is try to brig a player making a final attempt to sway someone to help. The best success I have had in a game was grab the admiral position for a turn with a character power, and hit the FTL early. Are there any better strategies? Do you think you should deny it to the bitter end no matter what never taking openly hostile actions? 
2577	boardgames	 Manners dictate the clumsy culprit should offer to buy you a new set. Beyond that, you can laminate the tiles. That said, you have to see this from a cost-to-benefit perspective. Unless this particular set is dear to you, I would buy another one. Especially since laminating the damaged tiles also means laminating all of them; you don't want to make damaged tiles distinct from their intact brethren. Short of that, you can try a one-sided pseudo-lamination by sticking plastic sheets only on one side. 
2578	boardgames	 Most of the absolute best reveals I have seen typically involve either getting an executive order, or playing a critical situation, whilst abusing things like arrest orders. Most recently, we had Laura Roslin, who had moved to the Admiral's Quarters with the intention of visiting the Ally there, receive an Executive Order from another player. Roslin immediately played an arrest order with her first action, brigging that player, and then with her second action, activated the location, targetting another human, and then playing the new 6-strength yellow skill card that auto-passes locational checks in order to force him to the brig as well with no check. That ended the turn of the unfortunate human; next up was... Laura Roslin, who played another arrest order, brigging the last human player, and then revealed as a Cylon (the shock!) damaging Galactica. That particular game ended in a hurry as the two revealed cylons were now opposed by three inmates, and the damage mounted up fast and furious. The lesson: NEVER XO the player whose turn is next, unless all cylons are accounted for. The contrapositive lesson for the cylon: Get an XO when your turn is soon or next for maximum carnage. Other tips: Use communications to move civilians out of their defended areas straight into raider fleets. Make sure you use up any Once-Per-Game effects you have; you lose them when you are revealed to be a Cylon. That means re-roll successful FTL checks(Gaeta), force humans to decide badly on skill cards (Helo), force humans to lose on Legendary Discovery (Boomer), shoot the President/Admiral (Cally), etc. Brigging the admiral is more effective than brigging the president; it throws the title in the air, and you may wind up with it. If you do, squander the nukes :) If you are playing with the New Caprica expansion, the most lethal thing you can do is jump Galactica away before any civilians are launched. Watch for timely opportunities to either be the Admiral (very difficult, lots of groups will execute the Admiral on principle to try to find the Cylon) or be someone who can become Admiral by power (Ellen Tigh) or by succession (be next in line, execute the Admiral). As soon as Galactica returns, jump out, which causes EVERY CIVILIAN SHIP IN PLAY TO BE DESTROYED . I've never seen a group survive that. If you are playing with the Ionian Nebula, visit lots of allies. You can set up negative consequences on powerful allies, and then recommend to the other humans that they be visited :P. If you are playing with the Ionian Nebula, you can try to eliminate a key human player during the trial by dumping trauma tokens on them with certain trial-crisis cards. Also, in the leadup to that point, the more turns you can force humans to spend in sickbay/brig, the more likely they are to lose their trial or be flat-out executed. If you are Lee Adama, you can use your once per game to remove viper cover from civilian ships at a key moment. Don't forget that every viper launch is a mini-XO for you; if the player before you launches a Viper, you can use that to launch yourself, trigger your once-per game, wreck the humans viper coverage, and then on YOUR turn, carry out the rest of your nefarious plot. Overall, the key to a successful reveal is to either cripple mankind directly with big stat hits, or to gain an advantage by wrecking their hands/freedom of movement through execution or brigging. Bear in mind that in the Ionian Nebula, the longer any given person is in the brig (or sickbay) the more likely they are to get executed or eliminated in the trial. 
2579	boardgames	 Being the Admiral before revealing is definitely the most damaging for the humans. Firing nukes unnecessarily and making one or two really expensive FTL jumps (i.e. low jump distance and high fuel cost) can easily win the game for the Cylons, especially with the latest two expansions. Putting someone in the brig, damaging Galactica, or killing a character is also good (and fun!), but the effects of those are usually temporary. 
2580	boardgames	 In the early days, Magic had crazy, subpar mulligan rules: you could shuffle up and draw a new 7 if your hand had no lands or all lands, otherwise you were out of luck. A long time ago the Paris Mulligan rule was introduced and it seems to have stuck. If you don't like your hand, throw it back and draw 6. If you don't like that one, try again drawing 5, and so on. This seems like a pretty good rule and I didn't question it, but recently I've been playing "Duels of the Planeswalkers" on XBox (incidentally, if anyone else has that and wants to challenge me, let me know!). The mulligan rule there is a little different. You can throw your hand back and draw a new 7 once for free. After that Paris rules are in force: every subsequent time you mulligan your hand size goes down by one. It seems to me that this "lenient mulligan" rule is really good for the game. Magic is a game with a large element of randomness from the shuffle. Quite often players will draw a 7-card hand that's basically unplayable and have to throw it back, unless they're crazy gamblers with nothing left to lose. If your opponent keeps and you mulligan to 6, you're at a significant disadvantage already. If you have to mulligan to 5 or fewer, you'd better hope somebody up there likes you. Does anyone know (or have an informed idea) why Magic retains a mulligan rule that allows unbalanced games to happen as often as they do? It just feels like the XBox mulligan would allow players to play their decks "as they were meant to work" more often, and have to battle against long odds much less often. What is the defence for the continued predominance in the Magic world of the Paris mulligan rule? 
2581	boardgames	 Informed idea: The problem with a more "open" mulligan rule is striking a balance between "fair randomization" and "how a deck is supposed to work." It's fairly easy to construct a deck in which the correct 6-8 cards being in your starting hand gives you a near-guaranteed win in 1-3 turns. Preventing this is the reason decks have a minimum size, and individual cards have a quantity limit. But if players could freely reshuffle and re-draw, they would. Over and over, until they got that perfect hand which won the game. The concept of "how a deck is supposed to work" would morph into perfect, 7-card combos. To prevent this, and create more options in deck design, mulligans are very, very costly. 
2582	boardgames	 I'm old and tired, and I haven't played Magic much in the last 15 years. With that as a caveat, my recollection is that the harsh penalty for declaring a mulligan was to prevent excessive "gaming" of declaring a mulligan. Part of the point of M:tG was to create a deck that was playable despite the fact that the order of the cards would be random. Being able to mulligan out of a "bad" hand lets players create a less balanced deck that needs a specific start hand to succeed. In other words, playing decks "as they were meant to work" should take into account the fact that sometimes things won't come out the way you expect. Related link of possible interest: 
2583	boardgames	 Customer Service at Rio Grande Games will replace pieces for a fee upon request. I ended up with a set second hand that was missing a tile, and they sent it to me. I'm not sure how cost effective it would be if a lot of tiles are damaged though, compared to getting a new set. 
2584	boardgames	 Here's what I did, and they don't look bad. Used a towel to pat dry the tiles. Used my fingers to press out the wrinkles and squish the expanding cardboard back together. Laid them down between two towels, put a textbook on top, and pressed down to get some more water out. Pressed out the wrinkles and squish cardboard together again. Laid them down between two paper towels (paper towels are thinner and I wanted to make sure they stayed flat) and laid several textbooks on top. After several hours, squished with fingers again. Dry paper towels and textbooks again. The next day, I pulled them out and laid them on a dry towel. At this point they're holding together really well and are only marginally thicker than the undamaged pieces. The damaged piece on the left is only a bit thicker than the dry one on the right. 
2585	boardgames	 While you have to disclose your system to the opposition there is certainly skill in designing bids and systems in the first place, which of course any partnership is free to do. the bidding space forms a fixed code-space in which you would like to communicate much more than you can, so there are trade-offs. Every conventional bid you add replaces a natural bid so the trick is to replace 'boring bids' with conventions which give you extra help in e.g. finding slams or games, as they are weighted much more than getting part games in the scoring. Another thing to bear in mind is that your opponents aren't necessarily just going to sit there and let you bid to slam uninterrupted. There are numerous conventions for disrupting opponents bidding while not risking too much. The bidding space is potentially even more limited when your opponents bid as well. 
2586	boardgames	 A more DIY answer: if the top has come off of the tile but not the bottom, then you could: Wait for the remainder of the tile to dry. Cover in paper towel and press it with heavy books until it's dry and as flat as you can get it (two blocks of wood and a vice can help with this). Print out the image of the tile (there are lots of images on the game's entry on BoardGameGeek: ). Cut it out roughly, and paste to the top of your existing tile with PVA glue (white glue). Make sure the edges of the image slightly overhang the edges of the tile, and that you cover the back of the image in only a thin but consistent layer of glue. Take a bit of that transparent, self-adhesive book-covering plastic, and smooth it over the top of your pasted-down image. Turn the tile over, and using a sharp knife (wallpaper knife, scalpel, that kind of thing) trace lightly around the edge of the tile, applying only a little pressure until you've cut through all of the overhang of the image and the plastic. For bonus points, press it in the vice again to make sure it's as thin as you can get it; home lamination will nearly always be thicker than commercial printing, and waterlogged card will often swell. 
2587	boardgames	 Since random setups have already been recommended, let me suggest a couple of individual card combos that can form the core of an interesting set. Option 1: Core strategies in the base set. Choose 2 of these, and fill in the rest of the cards randomly. Woodcutter/Workshop + Gardens (+ Cellar): obvious gardens path Throne Roome + Remodel/Mine: TR helps the fact that these strategies are slow on their own Chapel: trash as fast as possible and race for provinces Witch/Militia (interesting both with and without Moats): slow down your opponent with attacks Smithy/Moneylender: accelerate the early game to 5+ coin hands Option 2: Interesting card interactions in the base set. Choose one and fill in the rest randomly. Witch + Gardens strategy cards: do you curse your opponent and make his/her Gardens more valuable? Militia + Library: you can attack to slow down your opponent, but if he/she has a Library in hand then the attack is mostly wasted. Do you go for offense or defense? Chapel + Thief: if you trash your starting cards to accelerate your deck, you will be more vulnerable to having your few (and good) treasure cards stolen. Finally, if player interaction is a really important criterion for you, you should seriously consider adding the Intrigue expansion. Not only is it built around the theme of interaction, but it also has lots of cards that combo well with base set cards to create interesting strategies (Duke/Duchy, Gardens/Bridge, Gardens/Ironworks, etc.). 
2588	boardgames	 The remaining opponents get 1 Fame each. (Quotations are from the rules ( English , German ) ) The Scoring section is somewhat confusing in the English version: Pirates GAIN fame from each of the following actions Winning Battles (1 point per player that is defeated or flees after being hit) The German version (note that the original game was German) translates to: Winning battles (one point per player whose ship has been destroyed or flees after being hit) However, the emphasis seems to be on the action of a ship being disabled or a ship fleeing, not in the outcome being called "winning" a battle. The Forced retreat section follows this thinking: A crippled ship brings all remaining opponents on that island 1 point of fame. And the German is even clearer: All opponents remaining on the contested island receive one fame point for a destroyed ship. The fact that the word "opponents" is plural and that the German still calls it a "contested" ("umkämpften") island both refute the fact that a battle must be completely "won" by dispatching all other opponents. 
2589	boardgames	 Sails aren't strengthened; how would you track hits? Because Blow me down! is a Battle card, it lasts only for the duration of the battle. Damage to any of the ship's sections is represented physically (e.g., moving a ring, turning a card sideways). Likewise, the results of repair/upgrade are represented physically and they require discarding a payment (e.g., gold, the Going on the account event card). If it made your sails temporarily able to take six more hits, how would that be represented without losing track of your sails' real strength? (Note: This argument is weakened by the fact that the answer, "the same way as you'd track the legendary pirates' hull," is quite a reasonable counter-argument.) 
2590	boardgames	 Sails aren't strengthened; the deck composition would be different. There are already cards that add strength to sections of the ship (Parrot cards and the Mastercraft card). These come with a cost for losing that additional strength; why would Blow me down! strengthen your sails without a cost? Why would a card strengthening only sails be needed in addition to these cards? Wouldn't the rules also make it clear which card takes damage if you had Blow me down! in addition to a Mastercraft on sails, or Squire Trelawney’s Parrot (who is "equipped" to the sails)? Also, if Blow me down! was intended to absorb hits on the sails, why aren't there similar cards for cannons or crew (or hull, for that matter)? Perhaps a Battle card stating "For the rest of this battle, your cannons and crew each have a bonus of +2". On the other hand, the Grapple attack card increases your ability to damage a ship, without increasing the strength (against damage) of crew or cannons. I'd say a similar effect is intended for Blow me down! . 
2591	boardgames	 Sails aren't strengthened; this doesn't work in the representation of the theme. Days of Wonder games attempt to do a good job matching the rules to the game's theme. I can see Blow me down! thematically as having an advantageous positioning for the wind. I can also see the Parrot and Mastercraft cards' thematic workings. However, it doesn't make sense that sails would suddenly, and temporarily, become harder to damage in a combat. 
2592	boardgames	 Sails aren't strengthened; it doesn't make sense with the game's RPG-like mechanics. I haven't played many role playing games (I'm not meaning RPG video games here—I'm referring to stuff like Dungeons and Dragons ), but I think I know enough about them for this argument. Pirate's Cove shares several mechanics with RPG gaming, so I'd expect the terminology to have a similar meaning. The rules describe Blow me down! in this way: "For the rest of this battle, your sail has a bonus of +6." It seems to me that RPGs use terminology like "+6 bonus" to represent an additive benefit to only one specified attribute of a character. For example (and correct me if I'm wrong!), if I had a +2 speed bonus from equipping certain shoes (making me run faster), it wouldn't necessarily mean it's harder for my character to hurt his/her foot or that the shoes are harder to break. Similarly, I'd expect Blow me down! to mean I'm getting a +6 speed or initiative bonus without implying a +6 defense bonus on my sails. 
2594	boardgames	 Especially for games which involve frequent card shuffling by multiple players of decks of uneven sizes is there is a technique for shuffling which is quick and easy for everyone to learn yet also reliably random? Ideally this would work with cards which were sleeved. I'm asking in particular for games of Dominion but have run into this question around many other games involving multiple decks as well. Back in my days of serious Magic the Gathering playing deck shuffling was always a complex subject especially in tournament situations (and even in more casual play as keeping the cards undamaged was a priority) 
2595	boardgames	 From what I know of M:tG, a common shuffling technique is to deal the cards to a number of piles, say about 5 to 8, randomly sending a card to each pile until all are used up. Then stack the piles in random order. For Dominion, I commonly just use an under-over-hand shuffle. That is, with cards in my right hand, I splash some amount off the top into my left. Then I flip the left side up and splash some more so this new set is on the bottom of the left hand stack. I'll randomly pick between top and bottom, sometimes even splitting the deck in my left and dumping some cards in the middle. Its not highly random, but if you do it several times in a row, it seems to mix the cards up pretty well. 
2596	boardgames	 When I shuffle I use a mixture of two techniques: riffle and stripping (as defined quite adequately in the Wikipedia article on shuffling ). Riffle separates adjacent cards while stripping cycles cards from the top of the deck to the bottom. I use both because riffle alone will very slowly push cards in the bottom half of each cut down, but tends to leave the top of the deck the same; stripping mitigates this drawback. Stripping alone takes too long to separate adjacent cards. Early in the game when the deck is small (&lt; 20 cards) it's very difficult--and unnecessary--to riffle so I only strip. Wikipedia points out that riffling can be hard on cards; however, I've found that damage typically occurs because the person isn't good at shuffling and either excessively bends the cards or doesn't get good interspersion between the cuts. Being able to execute a bridge also reduces card wear as it evens out the bending and prevents the cards from acquiring a camber. In fact, I think proper riffle shuffling breaks in cards and makes them less stiff and prone to sticking to each other. It seems that you're looking for something potentially easier to learn the riffling, but nothing is as fast (vital in Dominion) or as reliable at randomizing a deck. Honestly, anyone with reasonable motor skills should be able to learn to riffle with practice. Wash shuffles are great for randomization but totally infeasible for Dominion since they take so long and take so much table space. Weaves have the same end results at riffles, so if you weave you should strip as well. A weave is easier for many people to do, but will damage cards quickly as you have to slam or wiggle the edges of the deck together. Cards were made to return to their original shape when gently bent; they were not made to take stresses on their edges. 
2597	boardgames	 What the Expert Says... In his excellent essays , Don Rae says Japan should always attack Pearl Harbor on its opening turn (see Essay #1 ): The Pearl Harbor attack (this should be obvious to all players) should be conducted, always, without exception. If this U.S. fleet is not removed, it will be used against you in the Pacific (non-optimal), or it can be driven through the Panama Canal to assist the U.S. Atlantic invasion front (optimal). Any anticipation of anything less than the optimal response movement from the U.S. player is generally considered as weak play.... Because of this, you must always use enough forces to take out this sea zone area decisively. Don then goes on to describe what units to use, which depend on whether you follow his suggestions for &quot;basic&quot; tactical play or &quot;advanced&quot; play. In the basic approach, he suggests throwing everything you've got at it except for your transports. That is, you're going to send two battleships, your sub, two fighters, and the carrier. If you use the advanced play, Don suggests a more muted attack: 1 battleship (Japan) 1 submarine 2 fighters (one from Japan, one from the carrier) 1 bomber With the carrier stationed off Solomon Islands. 
2598	boardgames	 I've read a few reviews , and these are the things I've picked up: game will be longer. This is totally fine and normal, but I'm curious, what's the average time increase? Ports are a little less valuable and harder to get, and trade with other players increases. Intermediate building between turns makes the robber a little weaker because its easier to get rid of resources. Are these accurate? What other differences have you noticed when playing with 5 or 6 people? 
2600	boardgames	 The time increase depends a LOT on who is playing. But probably double a normal game. I think the fun payoff of the extra people is worth it, though. There are still only one each of longest road and largest army, with two more people, so those tend to get stolen a bit more. I suppose the increase in shoreline is not quite in direct proportion to the increase in acreage, but I don't think ports are dramatically different. You add real estate to make up for the added players, so the overall ease of getting good position is about the same, I think. Building in-between turns is probably the biggest contributor to the game going longer, since you have an extra phase to do it in. That said, if everybody knows what they want it can go pretty fast. And yeah, it can save you from the robber, although IMO the robber would be way overpowered if you couldn't do it. I think that 5-6 is the most fun when you do it with Seafarers, perhaps the scenario with the fog-of-war, since now you can have everybody exploring in different directions. Pretty cool. 
2601	boardgames	 I've heard some praising reviews of shuffling machines . I don't know how well they work with sleeved cards, but they are very quick, easy to use and fair. They aren't prohibitively expensive either, and could certainly be justified for casual use if you play a lot of card games. 
2602	boardgames	 I need to find a simple game in which several people need to interact with each other. The game should be simple for an analysis (it should be simple to describe what happens in the game, what players did). Because of this last reason, video games are not appropriate for my purposes. I am thinking of a simple, schematic, strategic game where people can make a limited set of simple moves. Moreover, the moves of the game should not be conditioned only by a pure logic (like in chess or go). The behavior in the game should depend on psychological factors, on relations between people. In more detail, I think it should be a cooperation game where people make their decisions based on mutual trust. It would be nice if players can express punishment and forgiveness in the game. Does anybody knows a game that is close to what I have described above? ADDED As requested, I would like to provide more details. I do want to use a game for experimental purposes. To elaborate, my hypothesis is that people play differently depending on who their partner is in the game. Or, in other words, a player's strategies depend on their interpersonal relations. It is a very general statement. At the moment I do not know what kind of interpersonal relations can exist. In the simplest case we can speak about "friends" and "strangers" (people who know or do not know each other). Another aspect of interpersonal relations I can think of is trust. People can play differently depending on the level of trust between them. I am looking for a game that captures several aspects of interpersonal relations. The repeated Prisoner Dilemma game is close to what I need. But I am afraid that it is too trivial (people will just cooperate). 
2603	boardgames	 I cannot think of a better game to match what you describe than Diplomacy . It requires seven players, and it is lengthy. You can speed it up by having all the negotiation happen at the table in front of everyone, but that changes the nature of the game. However, there are plenty of places on the internet where you can play "by email" for free (for example, The Diplomatic Pouch ) -- there, you can enter games all by yourself, but the time taken to play a game typically spreads out over days, weeks, or months (because you spend a few days emailing negotiation letters, before each time you "submit orders" for the next turn's actions). Diplomacy's rules do include strategy, and the rules are quite simple. The game has been around for fifty years, so there are lots of online resources describing various strategies and tips and so forth. Note that BoardGameGeek has a Negotiation style category for boardgames, and there are lots of other games listed in it; many would be suitable for fewer players and less playing time, but Diplomacy is pretty much the prototypical experience for what you describe in my opinion. 
2604	boardgames	 Rob's answer on using a large population database to evaluate the roll of luck is absolutely the way to go--assuming this data is available. But the question also seems interested in how to evaluate the roll of luck during game design, when no such data is available. In this context, the question is about how to model or simulate a game to test the mechanics. The answer depends on the type of game being evaluated. Trial and Error The least satisfying method because it's so slow. Basically this means play testing to see if something rewards luck too much (based on the designers desire for luck/skill balance). Unfortunately since we're talking about luck you might have to play a lot to get a good feel for the balance. Basically you're generating Rob's database yourself. :( Statistical analysis This is more appropriate for modeling portions of games that involve dice--or a similar randomization mechanism. In a game like Arkham Horror (or even Risk) it's easy to test out individual battles (or write a computer program to do it) and quantify the impact of a change to the rules. This might be useful for making sure a custom Arkham character isn't too weak or too powerful, or if you were experimenting with a different Risk combat engine. The easiest to implement computer-based method is Monte Carlo simulation: use a random number generator to simulate a single battle, then re-seed the generator and run it again; repeat tons of time and calculate statistics on the results. Such tools exist for games like Axis and Allies, but if you were savvy you could code one up yourself. Situational analysis I think I just made this term up, but it's supposed to explain looking at a certain game situation and determining to what extent luck could influence the outcome--usually by bounding the best and worst case outcomes and seeing how large the variance is. Similarly, you can evaluate the extent to which the player can tailor their game play to insulate themselves from risk. Games that enable or encourage conservative play and that ultimately reward the more skilled player can greatly reduce the influence of luck. For example, in a game of Axis and Allies where multiple aircraft are being shot at by an AA gun, the swing between best- and worst-case outcomes is huge: its varies from total annihilation to no damage. Obviously in this case luck can play a huge factor. That said, an experienced player over-matched verses their opponent probably shouldn't use aircraft to attack territories defended with AA guns. They know if they wait it out they'll win eventually and shouldn't take the risk of letting the dice even the playing field. 
2605	boardgames	 The shuffling question What is a safe and accurate technique for shuffling cards? reminded me of a recent game of Munchkin with many expansions that taxed our shuffling endurance to the limit. My wife picked up a cheap shuffler locally but it has several problems: The left side doesn't draw cards as effectively as the right, so it always has remaining cards. It also deposits the cards into an annoying tray which is difficult to remove and prone to spilling the cards. It actually takes far longer to rotate a normal deck through the machine than to riffle it by hand. We had hoped it would speed up Cribbage games (with many short hands) but we went right back to alternating between two decks. Can anyone recommend an effective, fast card shuffling machine? 
2606	boardgames	 Mafia is a party game I've played which I've discovered was actually designed by a Russian psychologist. It's also commonly known as Werewolf , Assassin or Witch Hunt . One person is a moderator. Everyone else is dealt a card that gives them their secret role as a player. Roles: Townspeople (The innocents ) Mafia (Who win by killing off the innocents) Sheriff (An innocent who can detect mafia members) Nurse (An innocent who can protect other innocents from attack) There are two phases of the game, night and day. During the night the moderator tells everyone to close their eyes (the villagers are asleep.) There is then some general tapping by everyone involved to mask movement. Then the moderator tells the Mafia to wake up and acknowlege each other. Wordlessly, they must choose someone to &quot;assassinate&quot; (i.e. remove from the game.) They silently gesture until they show unanimity. Next the Sheriff wakes up. He is asked to point out someone as a suspect. If the suspect is indeed Mafia, the moderator nods. The Sheriff is told to go back to sleep, then the Nurse wakes up. She is told to point out someone to protect. Then the day phase begins. Everyone is told to &quot;wake up&quot;, open their eyes, and the moderator reveals who was assassinated (unless that person was protected by the Nurse.) For the enjoyment of all, this is embellished with narrative detail, etc. Then the players deliberate over who should be nominated for execution. Once the deliberation is over the moderator asks for a vote and whoever gets the most votes is &quot;lynched&quot; and removed from play. In some variants of the game (the way we played we did this) that player's card is flipped over so everyone knows the accused's true role. The game ends either when the last Mafia member is killed (Innocent victory) or the Mafia members outnumber or equal the Innocents during the day (Mafia victory). When I played it with several families, I found especially fascinating the interaction between spouses, and between spouses and their children. It doesn't take that long to play, and I think it might be close to what you're looking for. The Wikipedia article I linked in the heading has many different variations including additional roles that you can tweak to investigate what you want. One variant we played was a Spy role, an innocent who was able to peek at any one person's role card each night. 
2607	boardgames	 Modified Iterated Prisoner's Dilemma I think an ideal co-operative game for your experiment is the Iterated Prisoner's Dilemma : There is substantial literature in the field of experimental economics on this game, and ample theoretical and experimental bases for determining optimal play strategies. These experiments can form a baseline control group (as they are typically played with strangers) for you to compare your results to. You mentioned that you think the game is too simple and that people will simply co-operate. However, the experimental results show that for strangers this is not true. Tit-for-tat is one of the best strategies, yet even this only works if both players use it and if the game has indeterminate length. So I think it would be significant if the experimental results demonstrated alternative optimal playing strategies given non-stranger relationships. The game is simple to play and players can quickly gain an intuitive feel for how they're doing. Compare this to a game like Diplomacy, where teaching your subjects to play with any skill is going to consume enormous amounts of time (unless you drew from a pool of experienced gamers, which would probably introduce unacceptable bias into the results anyway). I would be fascinated to see this kind of experiment with various types of uni-lateral and bi-lateral relationships: strangers (baseline) uni-lateral stranger: player A knows and trusts player B, but B thinks that A is a stranger false pretenses: player A plays many games with a fake player B who always co-operates, but then B is switched out part-way through the game for someone more nefarious perfect collusion: players who know each other very well or who are required to evenly split their winnings perfect collusion with mutation: same as above, but sometimes, randomly, the computer switches their choice sympathy: player A is given back story on B that B is a nun or an orphan or something else sympathetic and told that B gets to keep their winnings but A will not (hypothesis that A might as well co-operate because they have nothing to lose but has the ability to help B in the "real world") 
2608	boardgames	 I own this 6-deck shuffling machine . I can highly recommend it for the specific circumstances we purchased it for: shuffling lots (4 decks) of expendable (i.e. cheap to replace) cards. We just run the decks through, cut a few times, and repeat. Say 3 or 4 times. It fed evenly from each side for us, but I could see an identical model not not working as well; it's not like its precision machinery. We like it because the only real way to shuffle that many cards by hand is to split the deck up into multiple piles to be shuffled by humans and then combined, re-parsed out, and reshuffled. This way is much faster. Reasons I would not recommend this machine for your purposes: it's not worth the trouble to load it for a single deck (although for Munchkin with expansions perhaps it would work) it also has a tray, although we didn't have problems with it it's murder on cards (they're technically riffled, but get slammed together so hard the edges start to break down) we replaced the decks fairly frequently you still have to strip, since this machine only riffles It looks like there are professional models that riffle and strip, but they're expensive, like $500 instead of the $15 we paid. 
2609	boardgames	 In chess draws are not usually arbitrarily decided. There are very specific conditions that trigger draws. The most common is just the kings (and a knight or bishop) remaining. This is the only time a draw should be accepted. Any situation that is not listed as a read draw should be played out. Chess games cannot be stuck if all rules are followed including the automatic draw for repeating a situation on the board, and people knowing basic mates (like the queen king mate) Why do they happen often in high level play? In chess the black side is considered at a disadvantage and in a very high level game is playing for the draw. So the goal of a grand master is often, win all white games and draw all black games. 
2612	boardgames	 Something I think is important, mainly because I think it's the reason why I win more games than I lose, is adaptability . The first, basic step in being good at boardgames is being able to get on top of, and not be confused by, the rules. But just because you know all the rules doesn't mean you're out of the woods yet! In my experience, a lot of players, having comprehended the rules, will locate what they think is a strong strategy and then repeatedly play that strategy. And at first this will probably pay off. A good boardgame, though, doesn't have a completely dominant strategy. Any strategy should fall when met with an appropriately strong counter-strategy. A bad player, when their strategy starts getting repeatedly thwarted, may blame bad luck for the sudden downturn in their fortunes. (Actually, let me add this to my list of prime indicators of boardgaming talent: never blaming bad luck for a loss . Always looking back for a way you could have turned the game in your favour is a much better sign.) A great boardgames player not only quickly understands what is likely to be a strong strategy in a game, he is also able to see numerous other strong or potentially strong strategies at once. When he loses, he will be able to understand what weaknesses of his strategy permitted it to be undermined; he will refactor his strategy accordingly or try out a new one in the next game. A really strong player can see his strategy starting to be undermined as it happens and be able to switch to a different strategy mid-stream. When you have a counter-strategy planned, or can quickly create one, for any possible counter-strategy to your strategy adopted by your opponent, then you are what I'd call truly "adaptable". And I'm a little bit scared about the possibility of you joining my group and beating me lots! 
2613	boardgames	 Food Poker and other games of chance can be played for fun using small foods. Cookies and M&amp;Ms are pretty good, though people concerned with germs and crumbs may prefer to use fun-size wrapped candies. One interesting advantage of playing with mixed candies is that since different people like different candy, each &quot;chip&quot; takes on unique, asymmetrical value. Some people will gladly gamble off their Milky Ways if it means a shot at winning some delicious mini Snickers, and vice-versa. Just be careful not to eat away all your stakes before you've had a chance to win more! 
2614	boardgames	 Aside from what others have said, certain variations of poker also take on very different aspects depending on the wagering structure and if there are stakes to back it. A clear example would be Texas Hold 'Em, as played in one of three variations: Limit Ring Games, No-Limit Ring Games, and No-Limit Single Table Tournament. A ring game is a "sit down, buy in for some chips, and play" kind of game. Each chip has a real, 1-to-1 correlation to a value of money. In a tournament game, sometimes called a Sit-and-Go, players all pay a set wager (say $10 flat) and get a set number of chips (say $10,000 worth of chips). Players compete until only one is left holding all the chips, and then the last few out (usually the top 3 players) get paid a percentage of the total stake. In a tournament, the required bet (the blinds) will increase constantly to add pressure to the game. The way that each game is played, and the psychology of the players, varied quite a bit from each game type. In a Limit Ring game, top players will tend to be very technical in play. Since there is a limit to how much a bet can be, the correct play (check, call, fold, bet, raise) can be evaluated purely on a risk-vs-reward basis. In a No Limit ring game, any bet amount is allowed at any time, but this actually makes most players very cautious. Since each chip is equivalent to real money, most feel an attachment to it and are afraid to bet too much, lest they risk a lot of money. Good players can use that restraint to "steal pots" by wagering a large amount and scaring people into folding. In contrast to the methodical play of Limit games, No Limit games require a bit of savvy in knowing how much to bet. Too much and you over extend yourself or scare off players. Too little and lots of players call your wager, and you risk that one of them will luck into a better hand than you. Finally, in contrast to both the Ring game types are tournament games. A tournament still has the allure and risk of real money, but diluted into a large number of chips. It can almost feel like play money at times, and the play reflects this. Weak players will often wager all their chips on a long-shot, basically hoping to win a coin toss and win a big pot. A typical tournament game goes through stages: an early game where good players play safe while loose players bust out, a mid game that resembles Ring play, and a late game of high-stakes bluffing and luck to try and be the last one at the table. Sorry, that was a bit long, but what I'm trying to express is this. It's not just the notion of real money being at stake that affects the way a game of poker is played, but also the structure of the game and how much "per chip" value the players have. 
2615	boardgames	 Can you play an item card (like a Barrel) if you don't already have one, but someone else does? 
2616	boardgames	 Several of the characters in the game have special rules that allow them to do things when they are damaged. For example, one character, when "damaged by another player" may then draw a card from their hand. Do these abilities trigger only when directly damaged by another player (i.e., Bang!) or do they also trigger off of effects like Duel! (which deal damage, but lack the Bang! icon) or even effects like Indians (wherein every player who does not discard a card loses a bullet)? 
2617	boardgames	 Certainly you can. Per the rules: no player can ever have two identical cards face up in front of him. There is no restriction on an identical card being face up in front of another person! 
2618	boardgames	 In the copy of the rules I've consulted, El Gringo's rules text begins: Each time he loses a life point due to a card played by another player... I think it's pretty clear from that that, as long as a card was played that can be held responsible for damaging him, El Gringo's special power will trigger. Whether or not the damage was "direct". 
2619	boardgames	 In general whether playing a "serious" (i.e. tournament, rated game) or playing casually a draw should be considered when a game is no longer interesting but isn't a clear victory by one side (which is when in either tournament or casual play the losing side should realize this and probably should resign). What do I mean by "no longer interesting" - this will vary by your level of skill but it isn't uncommon at all for players a high level to try out an opening variation but if via their opponents play the game transposes into a position known from past games and openings both players may decide that they should call it a draw and in a casual situation play another game. In casual play there are many types of games people play - casual games without a clock can take almost literally any amount of time both players want to dedicate to it (if play by mail this could be months or even years) but in person it is polite to play reasonably quickly and to offer (and accept) a draw when the game bogs down or shifts into a fairly known area especially if the goal of playing is to explore new avenues of play between players of nearly equal strength. In casual games with a chess clock (which could be speed chess or could just be close to a tournament speed) again draws may be offered when the game is falling into a duller, more repetitive pattern - but the opportunity to win via time often means that one player or the other may have a real advantage and often presses that even in an otherwise drawlike situation. I used to be a very serious chess player - my favorite non-accepted draw came in a team tournament, the last of the season when I was in high school. I offered a draw to my opponent even though I was slightly down in pieces (but had some advantages in position) because I knew that my team's position would not be effected by a draw or my win and I knew that my opponent would advance to the end of the year individual tournament if he accepted my draw. However he either forgot that or decided to press his luck and he turned my draw offer down. But then proceeded to fall into time pressure and in a few short moves he lost his queen and I won the game handily (though on later analysis with correct play he should have beaten me at the time I offered him the draw - but in time pressure he was unlikely to have found the right set of moves to do so as the position was highly dynamic) Offering a draw and NOT playing a game to the very bitter end is also a mark of respect to the other player - whether in a tournament or in casual play. Knowing when a game is drawn and equally importantly knowing when you have likely lost the game is a sign of a chess player of some skill. One of the signs of chess players of less skill tends to be that they play every game to the bitter (and often for more serious chessplayers observing painfully slow) end. This isn't to say that you should resign or should offer (or accept) a draw when down a bit or when in a seemingly disadvantageous situation but it is to say that you should recognize when the game is mostly equally balanced and rather than play for dozens or more moves and often hours more, take (or offer) a draw (or if losing resign) and play another game. You will learn far more in the long run when you learn to recognize the difference between games which still have a lot of dynamic possibilities and games where they are drawn or where one side has a clear path to victory (even if it isn't a forced checkmate). I disagree, strongly, with the other answer that suggests the only times when a chess game should be drawn is when it is technically a forced draw (i.e. neither side has sufficient pieces for a mate). Above all else chess when played casually should be fun. Playing games out to their bitter end is rarely fun for both players and should be avoided. 
2621	boardgames	 Why no more recommendation questions? There was extended discussion on the Board and Card Games Meta site regarding whether or not to support/tolerate/allow recommendation questions. This culminated in a comprehensive ban. You can read the final decision and discussion thereof here , and searching the meta site for "recommendation" while let you catch up on the history. Some recommendation questions can be shaped into good, allowable questions. In the comments on the meta discussion linked above, someone asked about the question "What games can I play with my blind son and my seeing son?" As is, this is a recommendation question that we'd rather not have. One of the issues about answers to recommendation questions is that voting is more of a popularity contest than a measure of quality, which would be an issue here. However, reworked as "How can I play games with both my seeing children and blind son?" it becomes a question where more ideas could be shared, often with specific examples to back them up. There's a strong possibility of more helpful, creative answers that could be voted on somewhat objectively. That said, if you're just interested in finding more deck-building games like Dominion, try some of the resources below. Where should I go for game recommendations? The Board and Card Games Chat is a great place to ask for recommendations, or to just shoot the breeze with other board gamers. Don't be discouraged if no one's there, just leave a message and people will tag you in responses so you get notified. Boardgame Geek has lists and reviews, lets you search games by categories such as number of players, game mechanic, and appropriate age, and forums where you can ask for all the opinions you want. Most online retailers selling games have reviews and can help you find games similar to others that you like. Your Friendly Local Game Store: Do a search, you might be surprised at how many there are. Other customers and the staff are great people to talk to about what you like, and they can usually help you find something and even let you try it out before buying. 
2622	boardgames	Do Not Use&#xD; &#xD; Generally off-topic. Suggestions for games that meet specific requirements. (tag exists primarily for historical reasons)
2623	boardgames	 In Hearts, before three out of every four hands you get to pass three cards to another player. Some people seem to always pass the Queen of Spades while others like to keep her under certain conditions. Some people like to drain themselves of a suit, while others seem to like ditching hearts as a top priority. What strategies/considerations do you evaluate when deciding what to pass, and why? Does your decision depend on if you're passing left, right, or across? 
2624	boardgames	 As with most strategy games, I don't think there's an optimal way to answer this. I tend to focus on what cards I want to keep. I'll address a non-Shoot-The-Moon hand because that's the majority of hands I play. I like the Ace of Clubs. Having the early lead puts you in control. I prefer to void Clubs or Diamonds as soon as possible. I won't ever pass 2 through Jack of Spades to void the suit. That leaves you open to get passed a single high spade that might stick you with the Queen. I'll hold the Queen of Spades if it's protected by several other spades and I can easily void another suit. Otherwise, I say pass it so you reduce the risk of being stuck with it. Again, it's about being in control. I like holding A-2 of Diamonds. I'll pass middle Diamonds to set that up. You can usually win an early trick (before Hearts are broken) with the Ace, then lead the 2 (or similar low card) to void the suit. I don't mind holding a high Heart or two. At worst it's 4-8 points, and you have a play to stop a Shoot-the-Moon by someone else. I've never really considered where I'm passing cards. I probably should, but I'm not serious enough of a player to learn why it might matter. My main goal is flexibility . Unless I'm holding 2-5 of each suit, I'd rather not have to play follow-the-leader. 
2625	boardgames	 The answer given is correct. If you consult the rulebook in the Bullet, which gives great explications of the character abilities, it says the following about El Gringo: "each time he loses a life point due to a card played by another player, he draws a random card from the hands of that player (one card for each life point). If that player has no more cards, too bad!, he does not draw. Note that Dynamite damages are not caused by any player." Thus, any card played by another player that damages El Gringo, besides Dynamite, enables El Gringo to take a card from the attacker's hand. The same goes for Bart Cassidy, who for "each time he loses a life point, he immediately draws a card from the deck." Thus, he draws a card for when he is hit by Indians!, BANG!, Gatling, etc. Since this character ability's activation is not specific to cards being caused by other players, if Bart Cassidy has Dynamite explode on him (and he survives), he draws 3 cards from the deck. If you are interesting in BANG! modding, custom expansions, strategy, variants, card production, and FAQS, check out The BANG! Blog ( TB!B released Death Mesa, and is also working to release Robber's Roost, both unofficial expansions to BANG!. 
2626	boardgames	 Never try to pass away all your spades. If someone then passes you the Queen, you have a high chance of getting stuck. Similarly, never pass away a bunch of low hearts. This again leaves you open to catching lots of unwanted tricks if you are passed the high ones. Only pass the Queen of Spades if you don't have a bunch of other spades; having other spades makes you more likely to be able to drop the Queen (and only the Queen) at the most devastating moment. If you can completely get rid of all (or all high) cards of a certain suit, do it IF that suit is Diamonds or Clubs. Don't do it otherwise. 
2627	boardgames	 Assuming you're not trying to Shoot the Moon , I usually approach it from the strategy of trying to take as few tricks as possible: Can you short yourself out of a non-Spades suit? The sooner you can be out of a suit, the sooner you can be dumping high cards from other suits (or just unloading hearts in general). If you have spades, look at tossing the K&amp;A - they're just plain dangerous. If you have the Queen of Spades, you need to decide if you're likely to be able to dump it on someone else. (If you had Q &amp; K or A and are passing left, you can set them up as a patsy, for instance). If not, toss the sucker. If you're short on clubs, feel free to hold on to one and pass a higher card from another suit. Since you always start on clubs and you can't take points on the first hand, one club is always safe. 
2628	boardgames	 I find it's slightly easier to get boxed in - even with the additional real estate, there's still only a few sweet spots that everyone will cluster around and fight over. Ports are slightly less valuable, but I find that's balanced by the fact that most players avoid the water so you have more room to work. 
2629	boardgames	 The old "you can mulligan if you don't have lands in hand" rule was killed fairly early on, because players would build decks with no lands (Moxes and other artifacts for mana instead), and then legally mulligan over and over until they drew their perfect hand. 
2630	boardgames	 Foam core board and spray adhesive I had a similar problem. The board in my case wasn't creased, but it was printed on flimsy card stock. The board was black so I bought a sheet of black foam core from a hobby store (Michaels in my case, but they carry it at Target, Staples, and many others). I sprayed the back of the game board with some spray adhesive and glued it to the foam core board. You can either cut the foam board to size before gluing or after. I cut it before and it seemed to work okay, although it made lining up the board during gluing pretty critical and difficult. I found a sharp Exacto knife was the best way to cut the board. You have several options about how to mount it: If you cut the foam board to full-size obviously you won't be able to fit the board in the original box. Perhaps you don't care; or it could be a deal-breaker. If you don't care, this is the best option as it will take the most wear. You could cut the board at the seam (leaving you with two mounted boards that will lie flat but won't be connected). You could leave the board uncut but cut two pieces of foam and glue them to each side of the crease. This will enable the board to fold in on itself and the two halves will be connected by the crease. Similar to above, you could try and cut through only the foam core backing and the foam, but not cut through the facing sheet that you intend to glue to. This would supply one more layer of paper connecting the halves besides the game board itself. 
2631	boardgames	 In a well-designed deck, the possibility of a truly unplayable hand is small. The possibility becomes vanishingly small after a single mulligan. Thus, there really should never be a need to mulligan more than once (unless you're fishing for your golden starting hand). Being down a single card is NOT a "significant disadvantage" - it's relatively minor. The current mulligan rules are established in such a way to discourage fishing for gold while not preventing a relatively fair start for each player. 
2632	boardgames	 The other answers are good but I'll also add, never pass your highest heart if it is J or higher. Otherwise, you are handing the other person a moon shot. 
2633	boardgames	 Jungle Speed Very nice game revolving around turning cards with similar symbols and grabbing a wooden totem in the middle of the table if cards match up. Very easy to learn! Caution: you might get injured, especially when playing with people with long fingernails - you are warned! 
2634	boardgames	 In Battlestar Galactica, there is a card (Political Prowess) whose text reads thusly: Play before making a skill check triggered by a location. Do not make the skill check; instead, it automatically passes or fails (your choice). Another player is in the Brig. He wishes to escape, so he attempts to activate the location. Can I use this card to force him to autofail the check and remain in captivity? 
2635	boardgames	 Your card-passing strategy should also take into account the opponent you're passing your cards to. For example, if you are passing to an opponent that semi-regularly tries to shoot the moon , make sure you aren't playing into their hand. For example, don't pass them the Ace, Queen, and Jack of Hearts. Mix in a low heart or a mid-range non-heart card. 
2636	boardgames	 Hearts is a trick-based card game where the players compete against each other to avoid taking Hearts and the Queen of Spades. It is played with a standard deck of cards and typically 4 people, although variants exist for other numbers. One point is awarded for each heart and 13 for the Queen of Spades, but it is possible to take all 26 points and shoot the moon, which subtracts 26 points from your score (or gives 26 to each opponent). The winner is the player with the lowest score when the first player reaches 100 points. 
2637	boardgames	Hearts is a trick-based card game where the players compete against each other to avoid taking Hearts and the Queen of Spades.
2638	boardgames	 Questions about do-it-yourself aspects of board and card gaming. Question may include discussions about how DIY change impact gameplay or balance, but should focus on the physical creation of game materials. For example: How to manufacture custom cards, miniatures, boards, or other game materials to replaced lost or damaged materials, improve on what came in the box, or for use in a homemade game How to extend the life of poorly made game components (e.g. card sleeves, board mounting, etc.) How to build custom characters to expand a game like arkham-horror , or custom cards for a game like dominion Questions purely focused on rule changes not concerned with physical game materials are more appropriate for house-rules or variants ). 
2639	boardgames	Questions about do-it-yourself aspects of board and card gaming: questions about expanding published games, making gaming supplies, or modifying commercially bought games to extend their life or make the games easier to play
2640	boardgames	 My favorite bids in Spades are the riskiest ones: 10-for-2, nil, and blind nil. 10-for-2 is always worth 200 points, and most rule sets I've seen put nil at 100 and blind nil at 200. In our group, we eventually had to put restrictions on these bids because they were making it too easy for people to catch up from being behind, which was diluting the value of solid play in less dramatic rounds: no bids of 10-for-2 or blind nil unless the bidding team is down by at least 100 points only one bid of blind nil per team per game players do not get to trade two cards if someone calls blind nil What other house-rules do people suggest for limiting the bomb effect of these three bids, or alternatively, do you not agree that it is a problem? 
2641	boardgames	 The main rule I strongly endorse is that you only trade ONE card, on blind-nil bids only. No trading cards in any other situation - the only purpose is to avoid the "oops, guy going blind nil has the Ace of Spades" case which makes the whole round more or less pointless. Other than that I have also frequently played with a "must be X points behind" rule on blind nil. Is it really happening (successfully) so often that it overshadows all else? 
2642	boardgames	 The core question here seems to be: does "make a skill check" refer only to yourself, or just refer to executing a skill check regardless of who triggered it? My gut feeling is that this phrasing usually means you can only use this on skill checks YOU triggered at a location. The person taking the action is "making the skill check". For one thing, this card would be extremely powerful (for cases like the one you describe) if it could be used on anybody's skill check any time. 
2645	boardgames	 Hive This game is made of bakelite tiles showing different insects. On your turn, you play a tile touching the others or move one according to its specific move. The goal is to surround the opposing queen bee. The tiles are very sturdy, and there is no board, so the game is very easy to play anywere (I've played in the sand on the beach). 
2646	boardgames	 In a game we just finished one player used the Surveyor's Map minor improvement. When the field came up in round 11, he couldn't place it adjacently to his existing fields. Should we have allowed him to place it elsewhere? 
2647	boardgames	 This question has now officially been answered in the latest FAQ : Q: Can the result of a die roll be modified to be more than an “8”? A: No. After all modifications to a die roll have been calculated, any number greater than an “8” is treated as an “8.” 
2648	boardgames	 As far as I know there is no official ruling on this. However, most people seem to agree that the field should still obey the general rule for placing fields, i.e. it needs to be placed orthogonal to an existing field. This is for example the ruling for Surveyor's Map on page 28 of the unofficial Agricola compendium : Surveyor's Map M018 Place a field tile on the space for round 11, a moor tile on round 12, and a forest tile &gt; on round 13. At the start of the rounds, you must either place the tile on an empty space in your farm or return it to the supply. =&gt; Placing the field tile does not count as a ploughing action. =&gt; If you already have fields, you must place the field tile adjacent to an existing field. 
2649	boardgames	 I believe anyone can play Political Prowess before a location-based skill check, not just the current player. If not, the card doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Why would anyone activate a location and then use this card to fail the skill check? Even if the player were a Cylon, is there any location in the game which has a negative consequence for failing the check? 
2652	boardgames	 Yu-Gi-Oh! has 6 phases, of which only 4 are actually visible to a player playing in real life. Main phase 1, battle phase, main phase 2, end. I personally do not like the way these phases work, and am considering designing new rules that allows players to play without these phases being visible, so that there's only 1 phase where you can attack or play magic cards (and then end turn). The one problem that my friend has pointed out to be is that this changes the effectiveness of certain cards like Call of the Haunted. If I have no monsters on the field and the opponent has a panoply of monsters on the field, I would normally be able to save myself with Call of the Haunted. As a trap, I can activate it when the opponent attacks, and revive a strong monster to defend myself. However if the opponent has a magic card such as exiled force, they can kill my strong monster immediately, something they wouldn't be able to do in the attack phase of normal Yu-Gi-Oh! rules. Now my solution to this is to add special exceptions to cards like Call of the Haunted, so that they or the monster they summon cannot be targeted by magic cards within the same turn as their activation. Would that fix the problem of trap card balance? Are there any problems with my proposed system? Some context: This is a new rule set based on Yu-Gi-Oh! rules. I don't intend to try to get anyone to play Yu-Gi-Oh! with my rules. Thanks. Edit: Some more context: Not working on existing cards, I have new cards. Here is a video demonstrating what I mean: In this new game note that there are no attack/main phases, just one END TURN. 
2656	boardgames	 A recent quandary came up with some friends in a game of Ticket to Ride. If, in the last turn, you have the cards to play a route longer than the number of trains that you have left, can you do so? Or are you limited by your number of trains? 
2657	boardgames	 No , you are limited to the 45 trains you started with. From the rules , under Claiming a Route (emphasis mine): The player may claim a route on the board by playing a set of Train Car cards that match the color and length of the route and then placing one of his colored trains on each space of this route If you do not have the trains available to place on each space needed then you may not claim the route. This is also how Days of Wonder's electronic implementation works. 
2659	boardgames	 My family and I have very much enjoyed playing the original Ticket to Ride, but I've noticed one issue that keeps coming up. It is very easy to be cheated out certain critical routes that could easily cost you 30+ points if they stopped you from completing a big destination card. In the American map every city has a least 3 ways out of it, but losing a critical route, even one that's only one train long in the case of Portland, can force you to use alternatives that are over 9 trains long, IF they are even available. I understand part of the strategy of the game is making sure you get the critical routes you need, but its gotten to the point where people want to quit if someone takes the last route out of a major city they needed as they now have almost no chance of winning. A good strategist will try to avoid this at all costs, but it seems unfair that if you get a tiny turn of bad luck at a critical point you're basically doomed to compete between last or second to last place. I've found in most other games, like Settlers, Citadels, Dominion, etc., even if you get a streak of bad luck you can usually find some path that will lead you to victory...if you can find it. This doesn't seem to be as true with TTR. When I was in this situation I started to focus on blocking everyone else and getting as many points as possible through 6 car routes, but I was only able to squeak out 100 points for 4th place, only beating the least experienced player. Have I just not played the game enough? Is there always a path to victory in TTR that will out-weigh whatever bad luck you've been hit with, be it bad train cards, terrible destination combos, or loosing critical routes? What can I do to reduce these total screw-overs to make the game slightly less cut-throat and luck based if I'm playing with new gamers? This is currently one of the few things holding TTR back from being one of my top choices as an intro game . Here's some of my ideas: You can create a duplicate route between any two cities that can only be claimed with the same number of locomotives. This would help if you lost that critical one-train route, but would still make you pay for not claiming it earlier. You can always create new routes by using twice as many cards of the required color. This still makes claiming long routes normally important, but lets you snag that other one you needed in proportion to how difficult it was to take from you. add trading to the game. I know TTR was not designed with trading in mind and doesn't have the most conducive environment toward it, but it would make for a very different game and allow more ways to catch up. I'll probably start a different question for how specifically to add trading to the game and keep it as playable and well-balanced as possible. 
2660	boardgames	 One obvious reason: space on the card. Squares and hexes lend themselves to game text, while it can be tricky to fit a significant amount of game text on a triangle. 
2661	boardgames	 Dominion is a game of widely varying strategies and paths toward victory. But the most important part of any winning strategy is a strong opening. How can I tell if a kingdom card is a good opening card? What are some of the best cards to buy in your first 4-6 turns? What are some good tactics for getting to your later game strategy as soon as possible? This question discusses evaluating kingdom sets in general. , and this discusses general tactics. This is sort of a combination of both, focusing on openings. :D 
2663	boardgames	 I've been hunting everywhere for this and am leaning toward the answer being yes but can't find it explicitly stated anywhere: is his nobs (or knobs) separate from a flush in cribbage? For example, would a hand of of all hearts (1,2,3,J) and a starter card of a 4 of hearts... would you award 5 points for the flush and a point for knobs? Or just 5 points for the flush since the matching suit of the jack and starter card are already counted in the flush? I'm new to the game and thus perhaps my lack of playing with more experienced players and having this situation actually come up has not occurred. I still can't find it online. Rule sites will list a flush and knobs but not state what to do when both occur. Thanks! 
2664	boardgames	 Good cards to buy early: Chapel : this is close to a must-buy if it is on the board. Sea Hag : another almost must-buy so that you don't fall behind on curses. It's less valuable in a multiplayer game (because if everyone else is firing it, the curses will run out quickly, and then it just takes up space in your deck). Ambassador : functionally trashing your deck while bloating your opponent with bad cards. Ambassador/Silver/Ambassador can be a devastating opening. Militia : especially in 3+ player games, this is brutal. Less effective if a Library is on the board. Moneylender : trashing + accelerating you to 5/6 coin cards. But, it can potentially clog your deck in the mid/endgame. Envoy / Smithy : these cards accelerate the entire game. Big Money buys 4 provinces in 17 turns, on average. Purchasing one of these cards lowers that to 14.5 turns. Cutpurse : also deadly in multiplayer games, but still great for slowing your opponent early. Less valuable as an attack late in the game, but it's still worth a Silver if you have actions to burn. Trading Post : if you open 5/2, this is a great card because it trashes your junk into silvers, which also allows you to save your initial buys for non-treasure cards. Mining Village : trash early for a 5/6 coin hand. Baron : useful early for an easy 4 coin. Can clog a deck later in the game, but its ability to give you an extra Estate and an extra buy can sometimes tip the balance in a close game. Loan : useful for trashing coppers without costing an action and can also be used to cycle your deck, getting new cards shuffled in faster. Quarry : useful if there are expensive actions in the set (King's Court, Forge, Peddler, and game-changing 6 cost cards like Goons). Pawn : there are many times where the +buy or +coin will be useful; in the worst case scenario, it's a self-replacing card (+1 card/+1 action). Because it only costs 2, you probably want to buy it earlier instead of wasting a 7 coin hand on it. 
2665	boardgames	 In my opinion, there shouldn't "always be a potential path towards victory". I've never found it a big problem to get my routes finished - though obstacles and impediments are often flung in my way! There are a few things you should be doing to ensure that you always have the best chance of success, though: (1) Obviously, don't overcommit. Know how far 45 trains can actually get you. Also, when calculating how many trains a route is going to take you, don't count up the optimum route. Leave yourself plenty of wiggle room if a colour you were banking on doesn't become available... or worse, if another player starts building routes that you were planning on being the backbone of your strategy. (2) Don't start building too soon! My wife often does this, starts methodically building her cross-country route from point A, slowly and steadily towards point B. This only succeeds in giving me plenty of warning where we are likely to come into conflict in the middle. As such, I usually have plenty of time to save up for and grab those routes, she gets mightily teed off, and I get to sleep on the couch YET AGAIN. But really, if she didn't telegraph her plans, I wouldn't find it so easy to thwart them! Obviously, you can't fall too far behind the other players' builds, you don't want them to run out of trains way ahead of you. But extra information is often a lot more valuable than being first out of the starting gate. (3) Conversely, if a route really is essential to your plans, don't hesitate, grab it straight away. This is particularly important in variants like Nordic Countries, where there are several key one-train routes linking the left and right halves of the board. It's no accident that you get dealt some train cards BEFORE you have to choose which routes to take on; quite often I will only keep a route that relies on getting from one side of the board to the other if I have the right colour to snap up the link in my first turn. Don't take risks on the really important stuff. In general, I think you may be overvaluing routes. Huge cross-country routes are worth a lot of points because they are hard to pull off without a hitch! One of the players in my group has what I think is a possibly better, and certainly funnier strategy: she takes a few short, simple routes at the start of the game, that can't possibly give her any trouble. She builds those and as many random obstructive long routes as she can, bringing the game to a speedy conclusion. Very funny when this results in people getting -50 instead of +50 points, because all their destination tickets were too ambitious in the light of this playing style... I know we've said "Ticket to Ride is a well-balanced game, don't mess with it", in response to your questions before, and you haven't really appreciated it, but I really do believe it. There's more going on delicate-game-balance-wise than I think you appreciate, and I think you should try to learn to love it for a bit longer before you tamper with it! 
2666	boardgames	 Part of being good at strategy games involves dealing with bad luck. Everybody has the same opportunity to get screwed over in TtR. It's all in how you deal with it. Here are some things you can do to mitigate the effects of the other players: Claim your critical routes first. I often build outward from the middle of a ticket, not from end to end. Avoid high value tickets with lots of players. The big ones are worth 20 points for a good reason. It's all about risk vs. reward. Consider that there are other ways to score points besides completing tickets. If the people in your group are getting so frustrated that they want to quit, then by all means, play something else! You don't have to use Ticket to Ride as your gateway game just because everyone else has. 
2667	boardgames	 Nobs is counted separately. It will always be one extra point if it is in your hand or in the crib. Likewise, nibs (if a jack is cut for the dealer) is always two points, and the dealer still gets to count the jack for a flush if the suit matches. Rules of Cribbage . 
2668	boardgames	 Alhambra The basic game has very little variation and really only two methods to score victory points... buy buildings and place them so you have long walls. The expansions each add some small element to the game, many of which are alternate methods of scoring victory points, but some of them are minor gameplay changes which create more interesting variations. Bazaars as an example, are a tile which are more valuable the more tiles of particular types that are adjacent to it. Treasure Chamber lets you buy and stow chests in your Alhambra for VPs. On the other hand the expansion with coins gives you change for overpaying for tiles! These little things help make an otherwise fairly humdrum tile drawing game into something pretty cool. Or the thief you can use to steal money cards when it's not your turn. There are multiple expansions and each comes with four of these game play elements and they are completely independent of one another. So you don't have to own them all, or even play with more than one or two of them. You can have a bit of variety every time. 
2669	boardgames	 Trash your cards! Get a trashing card, and max out its trashing capacity every time, even if you think, "Oh, but I might need that copper later". 
2670	boardgames	 Thrash your opponents' decks. If there is a Curse-dealing card, be the first to get it, and get as many Curses in other people's decks as possible. This hurts them, and protects you. 
2671	boardgames	 Various combos Big Money combined with a card-drawing strategy will usually beat out a plain Big Money, and of course there are tons of great combos or specific cards that can boost your ability to get to your mid-game very quickly. However, this answer is very supply-dependent, and what you really need to do is take a minute at the beginning of the game to decide what cards will play well with others. 
2672	boardgames	 Race for the Galaxy is an entirely card-based game of empire building and struggle. Players settle and conquer worlds, construct economic and military developments, and produce and consume goods to power their empire. The following expansions add new cards, rules and additional players to the game. The Gathering Storm - Cards, goals, solo play, extra player Rebel vs Imperium - Cards, goals, military takeover rules, extra player The Brink of War - Cards, goals, prestige, drafting rules See also " How do the expansions for Race for the Galaxy alter the game - are they worth buying? " for more information about the expansions. Official website BoardGameGeek summary Free open source computer game implementation with smart AI 
2673	boardgames	Race for the Galaxy is an entirely card-based game of empire building and struggle. Players settle and conquer worlds, construct economic and military developments, and produce and consume goods to power their empire.
2674	boardgames	 I recently bought Ticket to Ride to play at our monthly game night, which consists of three couples, i.e. six people. Stupid me, didn't read the five player limit before ordering the game. I've played a few times now, and I really like the game, but can't think of any way to accommodate an extra player. So, am I stuck making someone sit out or putting two people on one team if we want to play this with six people? Or has someone else come up with some modification to make this work with one extra person? 
2675	boardgames	 There are also some similar answers on early game strategy: Transitioning to Dominion late-game and Evaluating a Dominion Kingdom set . 
2676	boardgames	 The obvious approach is to simply reduce the number of carriages each player has available, by enough to allow another player to join in. Normally each player has 45 carriages. In the 5 player game that makes 225 carriages available to place on the board. Divide by 6 instead, and you get 37 carriages per person. So your only issue then is where to get your extra carriages. You can either make substitutions yourself, or buy one of the other versions (e.g. Ticket to Ride: Nordic Countries , or Ticket to Ride: Märklin Edition ), which come with other train colours. I wouldn't expect to see any other significant balance issues with the extra player - Ticket to Ride is a pretty straightforward game. 
2677	boardgames	 I think lilserf's suggestion is the best way to go - either eliminate passing altogether or limit it to that one worst case scenario. But, as another alternative, if your group has gotten "nil-happy," perhaps you could try the "suicide" variation on Spades where one partner from each team is forced to go nil every round. It wouldn't eliminate the large point swings, but perhaps it would better fit some of the player's playing style in your group. Certainly changes the dynamic of the game and it's fun to mix it up every now and then. 
2678	boardgames	 Ticket to Ride is a simple yet engaging train route building game. Players collect train carriage cards, then spend them to place routes on the shared map. Longer routes earn more points, and destination tickets provide additional bonus points for connecting more distant cities. Players must weigh up collecting additional cards and tickets against the possibility of losing routes to their competitors if they hold off for too long. Ticket to Ride won the 2004 Spiel des Jahres prize. The original game is set in North America. Several alternatives with different maps and some extra rules also exist: Ticket to Ride: Europe Ticket to Ride: Märklin Edition Ticket to Ride: Nordic Countries Ticket to Ride also has several expansions available. Official website BoardGameGeek summary 
2679	boardgames	A simple yet engaging train route building game (2-5 players, 45 minutes). Players compete for overlapping routes. Tradeoffs: blocking opponents vs. completing routes, low-scoring low-risk routes vs. high-scoring risky routes.
2680	boardgames	 Pandemic is a cooperative game in which players work together, racing against time to combat the spread of four deadly diseases before they overwhelm the planet. Each player brings a distinct skill to bear on the problem; only through careful teamwork can they ultimately save the Earth! Players must balance fighting disease hotspots with the need to work towards global cures. The problem is complicated by unpredictable epidemic outbreaks, which intensify the urgency of the situation. Teamwork is essential; each player role is different, and provides particular advantages. For example, the Scientist can discover cures more easily than other players, while the Medic can more effectively treat outbreaks in the field. An unusual feature of the game is that all players must work together, or shared disaster for all is ensured. Pandemic has three expansions, pandemic-on-the-brink , pandemic-in-the-lab , and pandemic-state-of-emergency . pandemic-on-the-brink adds extra roles, 5 player rules, new events, and several 'challenges', each one a distinct twist on the base game. It also provides attractive petri dishes for disease cube storage. pandemic-in-the-lab adds extra roles, new events, and a new game board that allows players to research cures in a laboratory, much like the base game, but with added complexity. In addition, it added a one-player mode and a team play mode. pandemic-state-of-emergency adds even more roles, more events, and three new challenges: The Hinterlands, Emergency Events, and Superbug. Official website at Z-Man Games The rules are available at Z-Man Games as well. BoardGameGeek summary If you're interested in Pandemic, you may find the following questions useful: What changes to the game will the “On The Brink” Pandemic expansion offer me? 
2681	boardgames	Pandemic is a cooperative game in which players work together to combat the spread of four deadly diseases before they overwhelm the planet. Each player brings a distinct skill to bear on the problem; only through careful teamwork can they ultimately save the Earth! 2-4 players, 45-60 minutes.
2682	boardgames	 A recent question about a good mix of board games got me thinking about how one could even objectively define "a good mix". My idea is to try and define a set of attributes that could describe, compare, and contrast various board games. I hope this exercise will help me discover some attributes unrepresented by my gaming experience and achieve better insight into the common elements of my favorite games. An example attribute might be inter-player cooperation , which would slide along a continuum from fully co-operative to team-based to free-for-all, with arkham-horror axis-and-allies and risk being examples of each type, respectively. I think answers could either work as one-per-attribute (with votes for ones that make sense) or as a comprehensive set of attributes (with votes for the most thorough and complete answers). Comments seems like a good place to flush out the pros and cons of each approach. 
2683	boardgames	 In the grim darkness of the far future, there is only war. Warhammer 40,000 is a detailed futuristic table-top battle simulation. Players pick different races or factions and engage in combat over large, varied terrain boards. The game is complex and highly configurable - players choose their armies and the individual units of those armies from a wide selection, choose the squadron composition, upgrades and weapons for their troops, design and build their own terrain, and select the specific objectives of any given battle. Warhammer 40,000 is also a complete mythos in its own right. The back-story to the game is codified in a series of rulebooks , novels and magazine articles . It is extremely detailed, and is constantly evolving. A great deal of emphasis is also placed on the construction and painting of the high quality figures used in the game; for many players, the collecting, painting and personalisation aspects of the hobby are equal to or more important than the game itself. Official website BoardGameGeek summary 
2684	boardgames	In the grim darkness of the far future, there is only war. Warhammer 40,000 is a detailed futuristic table-top battle simulation.
2685	boardgames	 Attributes that I use to evaluate games: Replay value (Over time how much do you enjoy it) Randomness (how much it's out of your hand) Learning curve What kind of skill does it require (strategy, resource management, deductions, spatial orientation, etc) Time required to set it up Expected time to have a game Time-ness (is it per turn? all at the same time? you bid for who to be first?) Degree of interaction (it's similar to what you say but it includes more things. Games like Bingo are outside of your scale) Handicap-aware (How does it react to players with different levels. Is it easy for a newbie to give by accident the game to another player?) 
2686	boardgames	 Often, one plays a computer game through once and then is done with it. "Replay-ability" is something that is a great plus with a game, but not every successful one has it. But with board games, being able to play again and again is a basic necessity for its success. And some games are still loved (e.g., Monopoly and Risk) generations after they were first invented. The ultimate in replayability. Why is it that some games continue to hold lasting appeal even when society, culture, and the people themselves have changed so much since they were invented? 
2687	boardgames	 I eant to order some games from the USA (I live outside the US). Is there an online store or some other site that specifies the dimensions and weight of a board game or the entire order and not just the shipping fee before checkout? Thank You. 
2688	boardgames	 A totally different approach would be to download the old PC game "Shandalar", it was produced by wizards of the coast and should be freely available nowadays as it is quite outdated. I played this before going out and buying a lot of decks and boosters etc. it was definitely a big factor in drawing me to the card game. 
2689	boardgames	 Monopoly and Risk were better than many others when they came out, so they were successful and became very widespread: now their "appeal" is only based on either nostalgia, or "getting used to them", or "not knowing the better alternatives", because overall they are very very poor games (especially Monopoly). In general boardgames have a better replayability value simply because they are designed to have it, as opposite to some videogames that are (more or less) designed to be played just once. You will notice how PvP videogames usually have an higher replayability value than the PvE one: that's because playing against your friends makes the game more unpredictable than playing it against fixed opponents/levels. Since boardgames are almost exclusively PvP... It's worth notice that both the videogame and the boardgame industry are recently experimenting different kinds of gameplay, so what I just said is only valid up to "a few years ago": now things are changing. 
2691	boardgames	 I believe I played the original Khet a few years ago, now I notice there is a "2.0 version". Could anyone point out the main differences? 
2692	boardgames	 You may want to consider adding stations (or increasing the number of stations if you have Ticket to Ride: Europe) if you find the board gets too crowded and people are blocked completely from their routes too often (Note: too often. It should be allowed to happen sometimes) A Train Station allows its owner to use one, and only one, of the routes belonging to another player, into (or out of) that city to help him connect the cities on his Destination Tickets. Stations may be built on any unoccupied city, even if it currently h&gt; as no claimed routes into it. Two players may never build a Station in the same city. Each player may build a maximum of one Station per turn, and three Stations throughout the course of the game. To build his first Station, a player plays and discards one Train card from his hand, and places one of his colored Train Stations on the chosen city.To build a second Station, the player must play and discard a set of two cards of any one color; and to buil his third, a set of three Train cards of any one color. As usual, you can replace any number of cards by Locomotives. If a player uses the same Station to help connect cities on several different Tickets, he must use the same route into the city with the Station for all of those Tickets. The Train Station owner does not need to decide which route he will use until the end of the game. A player is never required to build any Stations. For each Station a player has not used, four points are added to his score at the end of the game. &nbsp; Remember that each Station played allows its owner to use one (and only one) route belonging to another player into that City for the purpose of completing a Destination Ticket. If a player uses the same Station to help connect cities on the paths of several different Destination Tickets, he must use the same route into or out of the city with the Station for all Tickets. 
2693	boardgames	 I agree with Lo'oris' argument that most older well known games are still widespread mostly because they already are everywhere. How many people go out and buy chess boards compared to the number of people who simply have them around from previous generations? I think there are some additional aspects: Simplicity In my experience games need a good balance between complexity and depth in order to be popular. Basically the ratio of options a player has divided by the amount of rules he has to learn. A lot of games that are popular in our family are relatively easy to learn but offer a lot of possibilities in comparison. This can be illustrated especially well with games that are in very similar but somehow one of them just feels better. Compare Pachisi and Dog/Tock. The have the exact same basic concept — move your pieces around the board one time and get into the safe haven. But in all the groups I've played in Dog/Tock has completely displaced all other Pachisi variants because with a few additional rules it has become a much more interesting game. Uniqueness Most modern boardgames aim to produce a specific atmosphere or experience that is perhaps unusual for the players — a feeling they would otherwise not have. With so many games out there a lot of times games can feel similar to each other. There are countless games where you throw dice, move along a path and do something according to the field you landed on — nothing special. And then there are games that somehow manage to capture something special. For example Pandemic expertly captures the rush of working together against an overwhelming threat, Bohnanza produces an intense trading atmosphere, and games like Werewolves or Battlestar Galactica allow people to play out their mischievous and paranoid traits. Whenever a game is released that succeeds with a good combination of these two (and maybe other) aspects then it is likely to become quite popular. Of course others will try to copy and improve that mixture. Some will fail but others will eventually succeed. At that point a battle will take place between the improved qualities of the newer game and the established following of the older one. 
2694	boardgames	 I'm going to be running Magtheridon for some friends and was looking for advice in general and wondering specifically about bloods. Should I try to keep them around, or spend them on various effects? We will be running the raid allowing only cards that had been released at the time. 
2695	boardgames	 After re-reading your question, I realized that I didn't actually answer it! I just responded to the general sentiment of feeling screwed over. So here's a separate answer that responds to your game balance proposals: You can create a duplicate route between any two cities that can only be claimed with the same number of locomotives. This would help if you lost that critical one-train route, but would still make you pay for not claiming it earlier. If you add a new turn action to create a blank route (that you would then presumably claim on your next turn), you're telegraphing to the other players that you need it. If it's short (1-2 trains), I'd claim it immediately just to mess with you. Maybe your group is different from mine, but I'd really be afraid of this rule leaving you feeling worse about your gameplay experience. You can always create new routes by using twice as many cards of the required color. This still makes claiming long routes normally important, but lets you snag that other one you needed in proportion to how difficult it was to take from you . That last bit implies the route was yours to begin with. The competition for limited space is the essence of Ticket to Ride. Remember, the goal is to score more points than the next guy, not just to complete tickets. I honestly feel like this rule would leave you with a completely different game. add trading to the game. I know TTR was not designed with trading in mind and doesn't have the most conducive environment toward it, but it would make for a very different game and allow more ways to catch up. I'll probably start a different question for how specifically to add trading to the game and keep it as playable and well-balanced as possible. I like this idea, but you'd have to be careful with it. It could help someone catch up just as easily as it could put the leader way out in front. I can't imagine the game designers didn't think about it. They probably left it out for a good reason. But, I say try it out and let us know how it goes. Overall, I'd like to echo @thesun's sentiments. Ticket to Ride is a good game. If you constantly feel the need to modify it, then maybe you should try to find something else. Railroad Tycoon comes to mind. It's a much more complicated game, but you have a little more freedom about where to place your routes. "Screwosity" does happen, but I've never found it to be a productive use of your turn. 
2696	boardgames	 From ThinkGeek : For those of you that loved the original Khet, you're gonna just flip for Khet 2.0, but we'll sum up game play for you who are new to the game. In Khet 2.0 Laser Game, there are four types of playing pieces, and two of them have mirrors. Game play is simple, and easy to learn, as there are only a few movement choices. The goal is to eliminate your opponent's Pharaoh. And, you eliminate the Pharaoh just like they did in olden times - by firing a red laser! And this is where Khet 2.0 kicks the game up a notch. In the original Khet, the lasers were part of the board. But in Khet 2.0, the lasers are built in to special Sphinx pieces that perch in the corner and can now rotate to change the angle of the beam (because of this change, the board is very slim and now built to travel)! Your laser is fired after your turn and bounces from mirrored piece to mirrored piece (always shooting off at a 90 degree angle). If the laser hits any piece on a non-reflective surface (with one exception we'll leave as a surprise), that piece is removed from play. If you eliminate your opponent's Pharaoh, you win. If you eliminate your own Pharaoh, you will be mocked for all time (because it is possible). Khet 2.0 Laser Game is the next generation of the best laser game of all time. So it seems that the form factor has changed, the lasers can be rotated, and there's a new piece added. 
2697	boardgames	 I think this simply comes down to the game mechanics. What makes a great game great, is that depending on the strategy employed by the person you are playing against, it can significantly change the outcome of the game. Not one strategy is going to last you through winning at all times, but requires you to shift and change your strategy based on the approach your opponents are playing. A good game mechanic can ensure that the available strategy for winning is varied and dynamic. Predictability is boring, variety is not . That said, I am a much bigger fan of luckless games. Whilst I like to try to outsmart my opponents, I hate to lose or win by the luck of the dice or the random turn of a card. 
2698	boardgames	 Check with Board Game Geek . On pages for games, they have a list of all versions with the size and weight. For example, see this entry for Race for the Galaxy . It states that pretty much all versions are 10.83 x 7.48 x 2.56 inches and 1.44 lbs. Other games should also have version sections with similar information. 
2699	boardgames	 I would suggest a game called Warewolf, it is more a role game, where after each 'night' you have to discuss with everyone and find killers in the village, there are different roles in the game, each player gets its role on the card and has to keep hold of it till the end of the game, it is really fun game. as to board games, maybe Pandemic, where all the players battle with four different viruces spreading around the world, it is simple team game. 
2700	boardgames	 Something I find that helps tremendously in replayability is variable start-up. This is critical to games like Settlers of Catan and Dominion. Every time you start things are going to be very different and require a different strategy. Compare this to something like monopoly, which is going to start exactly the same and have the exact same strategies almost every time. If you've never played Dominion with a certain kingdom card, or never played Catan where you end up without any brick, its going to feel very different and re-engage you possibly as much as the first time you played it. New strategies and evaluations of new situations make up most of the difference between the game you end up playing 5-15 times and the game you end up playing 50+ times. How this variability in strategy is achieved varies as widely as board games themselves do. Dominion has different kingdom cards, Catan has variable islands, bridge has your starting hand, Carcassonne has what tiles you draw, werewolf has different personalities you're playing with, and many cooperative games have different player roles and varying threats that need to be addressed. But the more similar a game is each time you play it, the less you'll tend to want to play it again. 
2701	boardgames	 In the same vein as the Mafia and Werewolf suggestions, I'd suggest The Resistance . It doesn't have the player elimination that Werewolf or Mafia has, which means you have more ongoing relationships throughout the game to study. In The Resistance, the players are a resistance cell fighting against the empire. Some number of the players (1-3, depending on the total number of players) are spies trying to sabotage the resistance in their fight. There are 5 possible missions in the game. Either side needs to win 3 of them to win. For each mission, the leader (a role that rotates frequently during the game) first selects his proposed team (which is a subset of the group) to go on the mission. The entire group debates the proposal and then after the debate there's a vote. If the majority of people approve the mission, then the mission is a go. If the proposal fails, the leader role passes to the person on the left who then makes a proposal. The cycle repeats until either a mission passes or 5 proposals in a row fail (at which point the spies automatically win). When a mission is a go, each of the people on the mission are given success and failure cards. They secretly pick one (each person who is a loyal resistance member always votes for mission success, while spies can vote for success or failure) and the chosen cards are shuffled together. Most missions fail if there is a single failure card played, though one requires 2 fails. With each mission, the entire group analyzes the information they have (who voted for or against a proposal, whether a mission passed or failed, who was on a given mission) and try to determine who the spies are so they can make proposals guaranteed to pass. There are a lot of elements of trusts and interpreting behaviors in this game, and the playing time clocks in around 20-30 minutes per game, so I think it might be an ideal choice for a psychological experiment like you describe. 
2702	boardgames	 I've seen these games compared very often, with steadfast advocates on each side (that thread has a lot of interesting stuff as well). I'm mainly concerned with: depth of strategy suitability for new players (length of time to explain, etc.) overall feel of the game what situations you'd recommend playing each of them in. anything else you think should be included in regards to comparing and contrasting them Puerto Rico vs. San Juan is discussed here. I'm more concerned about how RFTG compares to both of them. If it matters, Puerto Rico is the only one I already have. 
2703	boardgames	 Axis and Allies is a franchise of World War II simulation board games that pit the Axis powers of Germany and Japan against the Allied powers of the United States, United Kingdom, and Russia. Axis and Allies is played on a world map that integrates an economic model with a strategic combat simulation. Capturing territories increases a nation's industrial capacity, which can be used to research advanced technologies or purchase military units to be fielded at production centers. Axis and Allies has a diverse set of air-, sea-, and land-based combat units, each of which has a unique strength in attack and defense. Armies, Navies and Air Forces are maneuvered on the map to gain strategic and tactical advantages and combat is resolved by rolling dice. There have been four major versions of A&amp;A (First Edition, Second Edition, A&amp;A Revised, and A&amp;A 50th Anniversary), each of which has slightly modified the rules and game play. Additionally, several theater-specific variants have been developed, such as A&amp;A Pacific and A&amp;A Europe. Axis and Allies is designed for between 2 and 5 players and average game play is several hours. 
2704	boardgames	Axis and Allies is a franchise of World War II simulation board games that pit the Axis powers of Germany and Japan against the Allied powers of the United States, United Kingdom, and Russia. 
2705	boardgames	 I've seen these games compared very often, with steadfast advocates on each side. link1 link2 link3 I'm mainly concerned with: depth of strategy suitability for new players (length of time to explain, etc.) overall feel of the game what situations you would recommend playing each of them in. anything else you think should be included in regards to comparing and contrasting them Some things I've noticed: Shadows supports more and fewer people better, and seems to be easier to understand. Both are Cooperative with the traitor mechanic. Battlestar seems to be the 'improved' version of Shadows. (What's really improved that was 'wrong' in Shadows?) 
2706	boardgames	 One thing I noticed is that Shadows is much more... unfocused. There are a ton of quests all over the board, and the players are going to be split up doing various things the whole time. They're not much interacting with each other, just responding to the general board conditions and their own quests. In Battlestar, you still have multiple threats (4 dials, 3 kinds of Cylon ships, Cylon boarders) but it seems like you're all working together more against these threats. Perhaps it's the fact that the roles (Political/Military/Pilot) make it clear that each person is most useful in one area (whereas in Shadows it feels like any character can do any quest, mostly). Most of all, though, the fact that all players are actively involved in every skill check that happens gives Battlestar much more interaction - there's more opportunity to really sabotage, but more opportunity to be exposed, and the Brig offers a way to "hedge your bets" and contain someone you suspect to be a traitor. I also really like the second round (Sleeper Agent phase) in Battlestar, where some players may discover they're a traitor after all. This means nobody's past behavior can totally prove anything, and that in the first round nobody really wants to do TOO well as a human, lest they turn out Cylon and be hopelessly behind. When Jeff declined to help us pass that skill check, was he really out of green cards? Or is he a Cylon? OR is he a human, but afraid he'll end up Cylon and lose to the humans? 
2707	boardgames	 Does anyone have the instructions and rules for the Pegs and Jokers Game made by Fundex? They used their own deck of cards instead of a poker deck. I would also be interested in obtaining a complete game since the company no longer makes it. 
2708	boardgames	 Why Did the Chicken...? (English). For up to eight players. Each round, you'll have two minutes to create funny answers for a randomly generated riddle. But know your audience: One player will be judging answers instead of writing them! The judge's choices for the two best answers earn points. When the game's over, tally up your points to see who's the life of the party. So basically, each round there's: a randomly drawn question card, e.g. "What do you get when you cross ... with ...?" "What is the difference between ... and ...?" "What did ... say to ...?" and two randomly drawn noun cards to fill in the blanks. And then whoever turns that into the funniest joke within two minutes, earns points. There are 20 different question cards and over 300 different noun cards. The game can be useful in improving both your active vocabulary (by trying to come up with the funniest joke) and your passive vocabulary (by trying to understand other's jokes and wordplays). 
2709	boardgames	 When Goons are on the board, you usually have a Goon-focused game. Chapel has a similar property. If you don't like Goon-focused games, don't put them in your kingdom set. Goon games flow differently than non-Goon games, so it's understandable you'd like the rest of Dominion but not Goons Still, if you're new to Goons, give them a few more games before you pass judgement. 
2710	boardgames	 If I play a Forge and for whatever reason choose "none" as the amount of cards trashed (say if I played it via Golem by accident), do I gain anything? I could see 2 possibilities: Don't gain because nothing was trashed Gain a cost 0 
2711	boardgames	 The Prosperity rules cover this exact situation: Forge - "Any number" includes zero. If you trash no cards, you have to gain a card costing 0 if you can. 
2712	boardgames	 Just use the Train Station rules from TTR:E. 
2713	boardgames	 I recently inherited a handful of games from a family member. One of those games happened to be Word Thief. When I sat down to play, I realized that the rulebook had been lost or was not included in the box. Is there anywhere that I can go to find the rulebook for this game? The publisher appears to be Faby, which doesn't seem to have any sort of web presence. 
2714	boardgames	 How to ask an identify-this-game question When asking an identify-this-game question, it's important to add an informative title. "Looking for an old game" is bad. "A game on a blue polka dot board with yellow dinosaur pieces from the early 90s" is great. If you want to ask about more than one game, separate the question into multiple questions and post each separately. In addition, try to touch upon the following points in your question: Give us the general description of the game and its gameplay. Were there any novel or interesting game mechanics that stand out? Describe any of the pieces you can recall, for example the board. Did it use dice or cards? If so, what kind of cards? When was the game released / when did you play it? Do you remember anything about how the game box looked? Do you recall who the publisher was? Was there a television commercial for it? Any memorable moments? In addition, if you can provide a basic diagram showing how the game looked like it will greatly increase your chance of getting a good answer. Are identify-this-game questions always on-topic? It has been decided in this meta-thread that identify-this-game questions are valid for this site as long as they are specific enough. 
2715	boardgames	For questions on which game the described game is. Include as many details as possible, so we aren't left guessing!
2716	boardgames	 Did you try Googling? The top hit for the search rules word thief card game seems to be what you want: Rules for Word Thief, by Faby games 
2717	boardgames	 Like you said, you can't shuffle your tiles at will, but if I'm remembering correctly, you can put the tile you just drawn anywhere in your "hand", so you can't know when the discarded tile was drawn (at least not if you haven't a perfect memory ;) ). However, each player has his own discard location, so you can easily see all tiles he has already discarded and maybe find a pattern in his discards which may prove useful to guess what he is waiting. A player which is always discarding quickly the tile he just drawn is also a strong indicator that he is close to finish. 
2718	boardgames	 Axis and Allies Europe is a board game set in the European theater of World War II. It is a spin-off of Axis and Allies . 
2719	boardgames	Axis and Allies Europe is a board game set in the European theater of World War II. It is a spin-off of [Axis and Allies]( 
2720	boardgames	 Suppose you wanted to design a quiz game in which knowledge questions are asked. What would be a good set of topics to subdivide all of human knowledge into? Try to avoid bias towards academic or pop-culture topics; try to cover everything. Also try to limit yourself to a reasonable number, let’s say around 20 topics. 
2721	boardgames	 RftG, in terms of gameplay, falls fairly in the middle of the two other games. Similar mechanics of role selection, cards as money, 'big building' cards, victory points, shipping strategy (consume) vs. building. There's slightly more relevance to role selection in RftG than in San Juan, but not as much as in Puerto Rico. Seating order doesn't matter as much as in Puerto Rico. In terms of learning, San Juan is easier to teach because it has a more accessible theme and RftG has an intimidating iconography. Still, it's a game where it's hard to make real mistakes, just sub-optimal choices, so winning is usually determined by luck, game experience, and familiarity with the cards. RftG has more luck than Puerto Rico, since it's based on card draws (even though this is mitigating by multiple reshuffles per game). Still, all these games are 'group solitaire games' at their core. I'd only suggest RftG to someone with some 'real' board game experience (i.e. not Monopoly or Apples to Apples), AND if they enjoy the space theme. Rules take about 45 minutes to explain fully, but this can be done, in part during a first practice game. Strategy isn't as important in RftG as it is in Puerto Rico, as the extra randomness tends towards good tactics being more important. This is because it's a progressive build game where early decisions affect victory point 'velocity'. Strategy comes in when you know the cards and can selectively optimize for one or more 'big building' cards, and usually is only relevant fairly late game. 
2722	boardgames	 There is, unfortunately, no official ruling. You can attempt to get one by contacting Days of Wonder directly: Question Submission Form . However, as it's a popular question and no answer has appeared for some time, I wouldn't hold my breath. As with any rules dispute, I highly suggest the group agree on a strategy for resolution beforehand (for all games). My group usually does not like to halt the action, so we take a quick vote, go with the majority (or flip a coin on a tie), and then look it up later. As for my personal opinion, Pirates Cove makes no distinction between Fame and Notoriety, so when even bad press is good press, the concept of being 'less than a nobody' doesn't make much sense. All the pirates start out as absolute nobodies, and there's no where else to go but up. A better defense than theme is that many games which take into account the possibility of going negative will often give an in-game way of tracking that, such as a -1 token, card (e.g. dominion's curse cards), or to start the players out with some points to lose. Since this game did none of those and there are not explicit negative numbers on the fame track, the evidence points towards no negative fame. 
2723	boardgames	 Obviously this question has no correct answer, as it's completely subjective, but if you're just looking for an idea, I'd suggest making your categorical break-down theme based. If you compare other popular quiz games, say Classic Trivial Pursuit and Jeopardy, the first is trying to cater to being a family game that everyone can play, so it makes its categorical breakdown along typical areas of interest for different types of people Arts people, Sports people, Science people, etc. Jeopardy prides itself on cleverness and wordplay, so its categories reflect that. Keep in mind that the act of categorization isn't sorting things into existing buckets base don obvious differences, it's about creating a differentiating metric and categorizing things based on that metric. For example, if you restrict your set of things to visible objects, you have an infinite set of metrics like color, weight, size, density, use, origin, lifespan, etc. One you choose a metric there's often a continuum within that metric which you must create arbitrary points. For example, you take color and break it into Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Indigo, and Violet. Those categories now artificially group your world. Of course, you could just as easily have chosen lifespan and grouped thing into "fleeting", "temporary", "normal", "durable", and "indestructible". It's really unbounded. So, what's your theme? Is this about energy aliens, looking at a human world and trying to figure things out in terms that make sense to them? Maybe the categories are "hairy" and "smooth". With those terms in which category would you place "Key" and "Shoe" into? Part of the fun is seeing how the category informs the question's answer. One of the fun things about many board and card games with themes is doing just this trick. For example, Magic the Gathering needs to thematically sort every spell and creature into a color, and does this quite well. 
2724	boardgames	 I'm having a hard time figuring out when Chancellor is useful. Forcing a reshuffle of the deck just seems of little use to me, at least relative to the other actions I could buy with 3 coins. I've seen a few suggestions that Chancellor is useful when paired with cards in some of the other expansions, but can you help me see how it could be useful in the base game? +2 Gold. You may immediately put your deck into your discard pile. (Cost 3) 
2725	boardgames	 You just need to gain a clearer picture of the circumstances in which forcing a reshuffle of the deck is useful. Imagine that: You have drawn a lot of the useful cards from your deck, and few of your victory cards. Obviously reshuffling will save you from the inevitable victory-card-heavy hands. You have just bought a powerful card, that you want a chance to draw again immediately. Or if you have just played one or more of your best cards, that you want a chance to draw again immediately. Why wait to cycle through the whole rest of your deck, before you get that chance? The Chancellor defends against the Bureaucrat, the Spy, or any other situation where you know the top card of your deck is not something you especially want to be part of your next hand. So there are circumstances when it's better to reshuffle your deck. (Though of course, there are equal and opposite cases where it's definitely better not to reshuffle your deck, so you have to be on the ball if you're going to play with the Chancellor, he's not a card you want to just automatically play any time!) Obviously he has a big downside, in that he takes up an Action. But, if you weren't going to spend that Action on anything else, he's all upside compared to a Silver. Early in the game, before your deck is filled with good Action cards that you really want to play, and when you have a clear idea of the total composition of your deck, the Chancellor is probably just plain better than a Silver. And never underestimate the power of getting off to a good start in the early game! 
2726	boardgames	 Has anyone here apart from me played Parade ? It's a simple, cute, yet original and maddeningly addictive little Alice-in-Wonderland-themed card game from a Japanese designer. Basically, there are 6 suits of cards, ranked from 0-10. You want to avoid collecting these cards where possible, as they score their face value against you at the end, unless you have the most or equal most cards in a suit, in which case they score 1 point against you each. It just seems to me that the designer possibly missed a trick with this scoring system. Obviously there are interesting choices to be made in that it's better to collect 5 or 6 green cards rather than the green 7 or 8 on its own; but it still seems like it would have been much more interesting for the cards you have the most of to count positively in your favour. Then it would have been just like Hearts: you'd have had to keep an eye out for players trying to "shoot the moon", and it could often be better to tactically pick up a few cards than just avoid picking anything up as much as possible. As it is, I feel mitigating your losses by picking up more cards in the same colours is semi-interesting, but being able to turn losses into positive points would have been really interesting - especially as the game can be brought to a premature end by any player having at least one card in each suit. But am I missing something? Would inverting the rules in this way ruin the balance of the game, for a reason such as, e.g., it being too easy to score a ton of points and end the game quickly? If anyone has both played Parade and can provide some analysis/insight into why it's scored the way it is, I'd be very interested! 
2727	boardgames	 Although the question states "Try to avoid bias towards academic or pop-culture topics" I would use academic categorisation. There are a number of reasons why academic subjects make a good categorisation. Firstly everyone is familiar with the bounds of the topics. Someone choosing to receive a question from a particular category has some level of confidence that their interpretation of "History" or "Science", will be the same as the question setter's. Secondly each academic subject contains a large amount of information - large enough that it can be studied for many years, and still not be completely learnt. Academic subjects are also broad - two professors in the same department may be ill-suited to review each others research. Finally the definition of academic subjects has come about naturally by people categorising knowledge. They probably don't cover "all of human knowledge" (unless you treat them very loosely), but they give it a good go. 
2728	boardgames	 The variation that my game group played for years and loved was this: 50 points for a nil (no passing) 100 for blind nil (2 cards passing) Can only go blind-nil if the team is 100 points behind Suicide: one person on each team MUST go nil. Minimum bid 4 (even if you first say 2 and your partner's bid is nil, your team-bid is 4). You only score your nil if your team makes its bid. This makes the blind option just a catch-up option, and keep the game competitive. suicide works because often while trying to cover your partner you end up covering the other guy's nil. Finally, the minimum bid rule pretty much enforces playing good cards well, and not turning it into a game of chicken with the other team (a problem with normal suicide). 
2729	boardgames	 Is there a way to play the mafia party game online ? 
2730	boardgames	 Sometimes you get a crisis card that has a choice, such as "-1 Food OR Current Player Discards 3 Cards". In situations where you cannot afford the cost of the latter, are you forced into the former? For example, if the current player has no hand, are you required to lose 1 food? 
2731	boardgames	 Some random additional axes: Theme Aesthetics Quality of construction/bits Shape of the luck/skill curve Accessibility Concrete vs. Abstract Time/difficulty to master Coop vs competitive Experience/immersion factor Cost Expandability Customizability/variations Compactness for travel Table-space required for play Number of players Age level suitability Rarity Appeal to non-gamers Creativity required by players/ group Ability to objectively evaluate relative victory status Turn/off-turn engagement How much attention need be paid (can you play while watching tv) Emotional attachment to avatars Want more? 
2732	boardgames	 No, in these cases you are welcome to choose the "discard 3 cards" option and merrily not do anything. These effects of Crises are not really COSTS per se - in most games costs are non-optional, so your reasoning about being forced to do the other choice makes some sense if you think of these as costs. But they really aren't costs, they're just the effects of that Crisis, and you're welcome to choose the one that impacts you the least, and execute as much of it as you're able to. 
2733	boardgames	 I just played my first game of BSG (solo using the official fully cooperative rules). I've got the german edition so my card names might be a bit off... The green skill cards 1 and 2 say something like: Action: Choose 1 player. This player may move his character and do 1 action OR may keep his character where it is and do 2 actions Now if it is my turn. Can I move to a location in my move phase, play that card in my action phase, choose myself and do the location's action 2 times? It seems a bit overpowered but I've not seen anything in the rules that forbid this use... 
2734	boardgames	 I just played my first game of BSG (solo using the official fully cooperative rules). I've got the german edition so my card names might be a bit off... The card "Inspirational Speech" says something like: Action: Roll dice. If you roll 6 or higher you get +1 Morale and this card is put out of play. Otherwise it has no effect and is discarded. Now apart from gaining the 1 Morale, what is the difference of what happens with the card? 
2735	boardgames	 I just played my first game of BSG (solo using the official fully cooperative rules). I've got the german edition so my card names might be a bit off... In my version the "weapons control" locations says something like: Action: Attack a cylon ship using the Galactica. Is it possible to attack a raider or heavy raider with Galactica's guns? It doesn't say it has to be a basestar and in the show the Galactica is seen doing this IIRC... I conceed that vipers are usually better suited for this job but what if: I'm out of vipers Raiders are about to attack a civilian ship an there's no viper to intercept them in time Or if I simply want to get a head start on those heavy raiders 
2736	boardgames	 Since BSG takes up quite a bit of real estate on the table I found it to be difficult at times to a good random pick among the damage or ship tokens. I've thought about using the dice. Put them in a straight line and pick according to the dice roll. Now this should work easily enough for the damage tokens since there are never more than there are sides on the dice. However there are 10 ships and only a d8 (assuming I don't have a d10 around). I'm thinking about splitting the pile in half and doing 2 rolls. First roll picks the pile (even/odd or low/high) and the second roll simply takes the n-th ship with rerolls if the dice shows too much. Now to my question: Does anyone have a better solution or experience with a solution like this? 
2737	boardgames	 The English version of this card specifies OTHER players: So, no, you cannot play this card on yourself. 
2738	boardgames	 I can't find a shot of the English version of the card that I've played with, but I think I remember the card you mean, and the Morale is the only difference. The fact that the card is taken out of play means you only have a limited number of opportunities to gain back Morale in this way, so you have to hope you roll well. 
2739	boardgames	 We just put the tokens on the table, face down, move them around a bit, and then pick them up at a random order. We never felt as if the result is not random enough, and it doesn't take a lot of time and effort. 
2740	boardgames	 My 4 player catan set has been mixed with my 5 &amp; 6 player expansion set, parts have been lost, and last time I played we had 3 fields with an '8', no number '2' and a missing '10'. Would someone be so kind as to run through the values in the standard game - i.e. A-R where A=x, etc… 
2741	boardgames	 Here you go: A = 5 B = 2 C = 6 D = 3 E = 8 F = 10 G = 9 H = 12 I = 11 J = 4 K = 8 L = 10 M = 9 N = 4 O = 5 P = 6 Q = 3 R = 11 
2742	boardgames	 Seven Pennies is a simple game of chance with a tiny dash of decision-making, and it enjoyed a brief stint of popularity in the NYC and Boston bar scenes. To play, all you need are seven coins and a flat surface. 
2743	boardgames	 That's right. Just because the attack chart doesn't say what happens when Galactica attacks a raider or heavy raider, it doesn't mean galactica can't do it, just that the roll to hit is not different. Blast away! 
2744	boardgames	 Anyhow, I wouldn't want to play on twitter, but if you search there are whole on-line sites dedicated to the likes of werewolf/mafia, so yes. Have fun. This link is more useful than the wikipedia one: The links at the end are what you're looking for. 
2745	boardgames	 I do not believe that any of the games given so far will be quite what you're looking for. You've stated two things are important, one that strategy will depend on pre-existing trust and that there's some notion of 'partnership'. Here's a quick game off the top of my head which might address this: You need 5 players, seated at a table in a pentagon shape. The two across from you are 'enemies' and the two to either side are 'friends'. Each player is given 3 cards or tokens (identical). The only requirement of the tokens is that they are easy to conceal, and can be played in one of two ways as you will see. A random player is chosen to go first. No private or public discussion is allowed (this ensure that decisions are made from pre-existing biases about the people, per your experiment's needs); the starting player chooses a person to attack. This may be a friend or an enemy. Then all the other players choose as many token as they'd like played either in support of the attack or the defense, and kept concealed, but unchangeable. You MAY choose support an attack on your friend, or support the defense of your enemy. Once selections are made, all players reveal and the attack is resolved. Each support of a friend is worth twice as many points, likewise each attack on an enemy is worth twice as many points. The attacker himself cannot play any tokens. Likewise the defender cannot play any tokens (the success or failure is based only on the support of others). whichever had more points win, the other is eliminated from the game (but retains his position on the table for friend-enemy purposes). A tie goes to the attacker. Play continues with the next player making an attack, so one person is eliminated each time. Obviously, at some point two 'friends' must attack each other. The winner is the last person remaining (NOTE: on the last round, no token may be played, and the attacker immediately wins). Optionally, you can have eliminated players gift any remaining tokens to others players of their choice. However, this will have drastic consequences on your results and vastly complicate their analysis. In addition, if you can afford it, I suggest letting players play on a computer simulator first only a few times to get the idea of the game. This eliminates the learning factor from affecting your experiment. The computer players may act randomly, and only feedback like (you friend supports you! Or your friend betrays you!) is necessary. 
2746	boardgames	 Puerto Rico Expansion My family really liked Puerto Rico, and I'm curious what the expansion is like. The only thing it adds are new buildings and some weird rules for drafting buildings at the beginning that some reviews say are pretty bad . I assume the buildings don't really make the game much more complicated, but do they change the game drastically or just add to it? When would you recommend getting the expansion? Does anyone who has it have any other comments on it? 
2747	boardgames	 Having just finished my first game, these are my reactions. The initial explanation didn't take extremely long, primarily because we left the non-production building explanation for later when we would actually need them. We were able to start playing after about 10-15 minutes of carefully guided explanation. If the players are open to new things and aren't going to freak out from a lot of parts or a bit of explanation before playing you should be okay. If not, you may want to spend a little bit of time on intro-games to see if they want to take a bigger plunge. If all the players are new to the game (as in my case) its actually pretty fun to be able to explore it together. I imagine if you had to walk into a jungle when you knew every tree accompanied by 2 people who were still fascinated by the undergrowth you'd be pretty bored. We started really seeing and taking advantage of the strategies as we found them about mid-way through the game. We were able to share insights and start really applying things. I imagine the next game we'll know our way around more and be able to make more informed choices. I'd definitely consider it a success . If you have people who are willing to go on the adventure, you'll be able to have fun learning you're way around. I wouldn't play with any experienced people until you've had the time to wander around, get lost, and find the way our yourself. :D 
2748	boardgames	 Short answer: I don't like the first expansion ("The Buildings" expansion in the Treasure Chest [BGG] set), as there are only a few good buildings; I do, however, enjoy the second expansion ("The Nobles" expansion in the aforementioned Treasure Chest). If you are a completist and want some variety, go for it, but I don't feel the first expansion adds much to the game. Long answer: I feel that the Nobles expansion is the better expansion, as the buildings have good synergy, the Nobles colonists put a much larger emphasis on Mayoring (you replace one colonist on the ship each phase with a red Noble piece; each Noble is worth 1 VP at the end of the game and some buildings function differently if it is occupied by a Noble) and the expansion as a whole seems to try and put more emphasis on roles that might not have been taken as much in the core game. The Nobles expansion does have a few arguably degenerate combos, though. The Buildings expansion to me just has some random buildings with weird rules for the sake of being "different", like the Forest House and the Black Market. There are a couple of bright spots in the first expansion, though, such as the Storehouse, Library and Statue. The drafting rule : very much slows down the start of the game, and while I could be judging harshly, I think the drafting is a major turn-off and slows down the start of the game pretty severely. I don't want to pick buildings, I just want to play! I do like the Variant 2 suggestion in the link you provided to speed up the drafting process, but I find it simply easier to say "We're playing with all of Expansion 1", "We're playing with all of Expansion 2"), or "We're playing the core game". I'm going to cover both expansions, just for the sake of thoroughness, so you can decide if the expansion is right for you. Cost 1 Small Market vs. Aqueduct (Expansion 1) The Aqueduct will give you one more barrel of indigo or sugar for a large plant when crafting, but the Small Market is practically the de facto opening move and a fantastic buy; other than trying something new, I can't see why you would want to take the Aqueduct over Small Market. Verdict: Small Market, hands down. Cost 2 Construction Hut and Hacienda vs. Forest House and Black Market (Expansion 1) vs. Land Office (Expansion 2) Construction Hut is nice for getting a quarry when someone else Settles. Hacienda is nice for getting a random extra plantation, when you're going for the Residence or want to get plantations as quick as possible and don't particularly care what you pull. The Forest House allows you to take a plantation from the stack, place it face-down on your plantation area and call it a Forest; for every two Forests you have in the plantation area, you get a 1 doubloon discount (in addition to any Builder privileges and/or quarry discounts). The Black Market allows you to reduce a building's cost; you may discard one colonist, VP or good back to the supply and get a 1 doubloon discount, but you cannot discard more than one of each type, and you cannot have any doubloons left after using the Black Market. A colonist-occupied Land Office lets you buy the topmost face-down plantation in any of the plantation stacks for 1 doubloon during the trader phase. A noble-occupied Land Office lets you discard a plantation tile from the plantation to earn 1 doubloon. The Forest House does give you a discount above and beyond a quarry at the cost of spending 2 turns doing nothing but getting a forest; I rather just have a Construction Hut for the guaranteed Quarry. I don't like the Black Market because you can almost always do something with the discarded good (sell it or ship it), and who wants to discard VPs? The noble-occupied Land Office is amusing if you get stuck pulling a plantation you'll simply never use, but the colonist-occupied Land Office is a Hacienda that you have to spend an extra doubloon for. Verdict: The Expansion 1 buildings are the worst of the bunch. Construction Hut and Hacienda still probably win, although Construction Hut and Land Office isn't bad. Cost 3 Small Warehouse vs. Storehouse (Expansion 1) vs. Chapel (Expansion 2) Now we're getting to some actual decisions! Small Warehouse is great when you and someone else are producing the same good, but he gets the drop on you and captains first and fills a ship up. In addition to your one barrel kept after captaining, a Storehouse allows you to get 3 more goods (of any type), so you effectively get to keep up to four barrels after captaining. The Chapel, during the craftsman phase, gives you 1 doubloon if occupied by a colonist, and 1 VP if occupied by a Noble. Verdict: All three are great. If you have diverse plantations, I think Storehouse is actually better. If you want a free doubloon or VP almost every turn, the Chapel is pretty tempting. Cost 4 Hospice vs. Guesthouse (Expansion 1) vs. Hunting Lodge (Expansion 2) Hospice is nice because your plantations are automatically occupied when you Settle. Guesthouse is extremely interesting. During the Mayor phase, you may place up to two of your colonists in the Guesthouse. Then, during any other phase, at any point, you may move people from the Guesthouse onto any other space on your board, where they immediately take effect. Great for getting a Big Purple building occupied at the end of the game when no one is going to Mayor again, or when you just bought that Coffee Roaster but haven't had a chance to occupy it yet. Hunting Lodge is such a Johnny combo-riffic building. During each Settler phase, if the Hunting Lodge is colonist-occupied, you may discard a plantation from your island. If the Hunting Lodge is noble-occupied, and you have the fewest plantations on the board (not tied for fewest), you earn 2 VP. Verdict: All three are great again. Hospice is very straight-forward and good at what it does, but Guesthouse is a really versatile building, and Hunting Lodge is really hilarious if you can stay behind in plantations, especially early in the game. Cost 5 Office and Large Market vs. Trading Post and Church (Expansion 1) vs. Zoning Office (Expansion 2) Wow, still reading? Trading Post gives you your own Trading House, but you can't use Small Market or Large Market with it. With the Church, you get 1 VP when you buy anything in the 2nd or 3rd column, 2 VP if you buy anything in the 4th column. A colonist-occupied Zoning Office lets you pay 1 less doubloon when buying anything in the first 3 columns, and a noble-occupied Zoning Office lets you pay 2 less doubloons when buying anything in the 4th column. Verdict: Office and Large Market all the way. Trading Post suffers because you don't get Small or Large Market bonuses, and Church and Zoning Office really don't give great returns. Selling Coffee over and over again, and at a possible +2 doubloons is fantastic. Cost 6 Large Warehouse vs. Small Wharf (Expansion 1) vs. Royal Supplier (Expansion 2) Small Wharf lets you ship straight to the supply, as many or as few barrels as you want, but you only get 1 VP for each two barrels you ship. Royal Supplier lets you ship straight to the supply, and you get 1 VP for each barrel, but you can only ship 1 of each good, and you can only ship up to X barrels, where X is the number of nobles on your board. Verdict: Large Warehouse or Royal Supplier. Small Wharf is reasonably costed, and if you miss out on a Wharf, it's not bad, but I think the Royal Supplier does it better, because you're going to want Nobles anyways; it only takes 5 barrels to get 5 VP with the Royal Supplier, whereas it takes 10 barrels with the Small Wharf. Large Warehouse is great simply for how much it can hold. Cost 7 Factory vs. Lighthouse (Expansion 1) vs. Villa (Expansion 2) My wrist is cramping. The Lighthouse gives 1 doubloon for each shipment (much like the Harbor, but with doubloons instead of VP). If you have a Lighthouse and you select Captain, you get another doubloon just for being awesome. During the Mayor phase, an occupied Villa lets you take a Noble from the supply. Verdict: They're all fantastic picks. If your opponents will allow it, the Villa. The Villa may just be the single most broken building in the game, as an early Villa can fuel Jeweler and Chapel, plus you're getting a free guy worth 1 VP. Cost 8 University and Harbor vs. Specialty Factory and Library (Expansion 1) vs. Jeweler (Expansion 2) Specialty Factory gives you X-1 doubloons when crafting, where X is the number of goods of a single kind you produced. Produced 5 corn? You just got 4 doubloons. The Library is awesome . When you take a role, double the privilege. It's just that simple. Think about it. During the Craftsman phase, the Jewler gives you a doubloon for each Noble on your board. It also counts as a large production building. Verdict: Library and (Jeweler if playing with Nobles, Harbor without Nobles). I hate the University; it is way too expensive for what it does. The Specialty Factory is nice, but I think there is more money-making opportunities with the Jeweler. Cost 9 Wharf vs. Union Hall (Expansion 1) During the Captain phase, before captaining, you get 1 VP for every two of the same good you have. Verdict: The Wharf is just better. If you have a Large Market and the Union Hall, and you somehow keep being unable to ship anything, I could see some big decent VP bonuses there, but I much rather just be able to ship everything at 1 VP per barrel. Cost 10 I'm just going to cover the new ones here. Statue -- it's worth 8 VP, period. No occupation necessary, just fork over the 10 doubloons and collect 8 VP. Fantastic. Cloister -- you get VP depending on how many triplets of plantations you have on your island; 1 VP for 1 set, 3 VP for 2 sets, 6 VP for 3 sets and 10 VP for 4 sets. Tricky to use. Royal Garden -- all your nobles are worth 2 VP instead of 1 VP. Absolutely brutal with the Villa. Boy, I sure hope this helps! 
2749	boardgames	 A coffee mug works well. Put the tokens in the mug and they won't take up much space on the table. You can even shake the mug to randomize the tokens, which prevents people from possibly remembering where a token is on the table. 
2750	boardgames	 To counter the move, I make it clear at the begining of the game that if you ask if I have any brick, I may not tell you the truth. If you ask if I want to trade , that's a different question, and I can say no without implying I don't have any. I may also say, 'maybe,' when I don't have the requested resource, then turn down the ensuing trade offer. Doesn't work if you're playing with people with good memories, but how many of us pay scrupulous attention to every resource people pick up? 
2752	boardgames	 Building a city before building your third settlement does bring in the advantage of more income. If your three target junctions are 12, 10, and 7, a settlement and city bring you income on 34 pips, while three settlement bring you 29 pips. BUT! By building a third settlement a) helps to limit your opponents' options, by occupying a vacant junction, and by building two additional roads, which limit opponents' road building opportunities b) often increases your variety of resources c) contributes to your future effort towards longest road d) offers protection against the robber by making less juicy targets. Not only do you lose, say only 5 pips versus 10, but you may avoid getting the robber entirely when someone else has a city (a bigger target) and you don't. e) probably brings you closer to a trading port, which can be critical in the middlegame. Overall, I've had much better luck with the third settlement strategy rather than the 'city as soon as possible strategy'. Wrt another strand in this thread, I've had excellent luck going after development cards right away. Having several cards often makes you immune to the robber--either you can move it if someone puts it on you, or knowing (or believing) you can move it means other players often pick on someone else. Second, and obviously, largest army means two points it's great to have. Third, you often pick up a victory point card or two. Fourth, you often get back the resources you spend, through road building and monopoly cards, or in resources that diverting roober helps you gain. I don't think resource cards are the best strategy, but they definitely shouldn't be sneered at, a steady stream of them can help you cripple your closest opponent, and if you find yourself with limited mobility it can be a very viable way to win. 
2753	boardgames	 If you find you're often badly placed, initially, it may be that you're either making errors there, or misjudging where other players are going to place their initial settlements. It's easy to pick your optimal placement when in a four player game you place fourth-fifth, and you can usually figure where the fourth player to play will go when you place third-sixth. If you go first you usually grab one of the two best producing junctions, and should aim for brick and wood since if you have those two with your first settlement, if your options are limited when it gets back to you at least you're able to move, and other players are often hungry for brick and wood early in the game, meaning you're the trading king. Going second-seventh is often the toughest slot, since the first player to go typically grabs the best brick and wood combination (assuming there is one), and there often isn't another good brick and wood combo on the table. Then, of course, by the time it gets back to you pickings tend to be slim. Still and all, given the good advice people have offered, above, you really shouldn't run into setup situations too often at the beginning of the game that seriously handicap you. One of the three main lines of play should be open to you. It's unusual to be stuck with setups where all you get are ore, sheep, and brick; or wheat, sheep, and wood; those triumvirates that leave you unable to move, unable to build, and unable to pick up development cards. Avoid those scenarios if you possibly can, since you're absolutely dependent on the tender mercies of other traders to bail you out and let you progress. Even so, if that's the best situation available to you, you may need to try to build to the nearest 2:1 port of a resource you're rich in, just to get the flexibility that'll get you back in the game. 
2754	boardgames	 When exchanging cards between two players in Pandemic, does it matter which player's turn it is? I have seen this rule played two ways: - The active player can only give a card. OR - The active player can give or receive a card. Both actions would still cost 1 point each, but the latter allows the active player to use an action point to take a card from another player sharing the same space. 
2755	boardgames	 From the rules: Share Knowledge Sometimes it’s hard for one player to get the cards necessary to discover a cure. The Share Knowledge action (while difficult to perform) can be useful in these cases. Transfer a card from one player to another. Every card transferred costs 1 action. Both your pawn and your fellow player’s pawn must be in the same city, and you may only transfer the card of the city that you are in together. (For example, if you are together in Moscow, only the Moscow card may be transferred from one player to the other.) If either player holds more than 7 cards as the result of a transfer, the excess cards must be immediately discarded to the Player Discard Pile. Special for the Researcher: The Researcher may give a fellow player any card from his hand when involved in a Share Knowledge action. He is not restricted to giving the card of the current jointly-occupied city, like other players are. is freedom only applies when the Researcher is giving a card—he always receives a card with the same restriction as other players. e Researcher can utilize this ability when involved in Share Knowledge actions on any player’s turn. It does NOT matter what player's turn it is. Either play can initiate the transfer and either give or take a card from the other player. The Researcher only gets to use his special ability of transferring any card when the card is being transferred from the Researcher to another player. In order to transfer a card from another player to the Researcher, they must be in the same city as depicted on the card being transferred. This will make the game a fair bit easier as you don't have to wait for the right players turn to transfer cards. You could play the other way if you wanted a bit more difficulty with 2 or 3 players, but playing it with 4 can be almost as bad as adding another epidemic card. :D 
2757	boardgames	 One of the interesting aspects of Dominion is how you have to plan which kingdom cards you're going to get while they're still there. If there's 2 attack cards available and somebody's snagged all the moats, you're going to be in trouble. Victory cards are obviously in limited supply as well. The basic treasures, copper, silver, and gold however, are pretty much unlimited, at least that's what I've found in my games. We've never even come close to running out of any of them, even with 5 players. There's 60 copper, 40 silver, and 30 gold. Then I had the idea of limiting the treasures, like all the other cards. Not very restrictively, but enough to come into affect if multiple people are playing big money. Maybe 8 silver per person and 5 gold per person. They're silver and gold, they should be rare! Has anybody ever played this way before? Do you think it would have a huge difference on the game? Do 8 silver and 5 gold per person seem like good ratios? 
2758	boardgames	 This would create a little more competition in getting treasures into your deck before they run out. You'd think this would make big money more attractive as you'd want to limit the other player's treasure supply, but as you often buy gold when you have 6 regardless of strategy I don't think it would have a huge impact. You'd be able to play big money at the beginning, but would later be forced to look at kingdom cards to keep improving your deck's power (if there's any good ones left!) Overall I think it would make the game more interesting by challenging the assumption that treasure if always available and making you take that and other player's treasure levels into account. You'd be racing to get treasure as well as good kingdom cards at the same time. I think 8 and 5 per person wouldn't mess with the game too much as treasures are a huge part of any deck, but would make the game a little more interesting as you'd have to consider other options if they ran out. If you just wanted a slight impact, 8 and 5 would probably be good. If you wanted to change the game even more and make actions that produce money and give +cards even more important, you could try limiting down further. I'd probably leave the copper at 60, because I'd rather keep the strategies that make the otherwise weakest card in the game more powerful for variety's sake. Plus, copper should be more plentiful anyway. I'd also say depleting a treasure pile does NOT count toward game end, just like in the normal game. (Once I've tried this a few times I'll report back again :) 
2759	boardgames	 Personally, I don't think this seems like a good idea. The game is balanced around the availability of these treasures. The Kingdom piles change from game to game, so the only reliable element for your deck is treasure at 3 and 6 coins respectively. The first player to buy a Gold already has a statistical advantage in Dominion, but this would enhance that advantage even further, since late-peaking players might not be able to GET any Gold. It seems to me that, depending on how MUCH you limit, this change would have one of two effects: No effect, because there's still more Silver and Gold than your players buy anyway. In many of the games my group plays 5 Gold per player would seldom run out, for example. An overly punishing effect. You got 6 coins this turn, but there are no decent 5-cost Kingdom cards and the Gold is gone! You just got screwed. You say "This would create a little more competition in getting treasures into your deck" but when I play Dominion I'm always competing to get treasures into my deck. If an opponent lands 2 or 3 Gold before I get one, I know I'm in trouble and had better pull off something amazing if I'm going to have a chance. Making the piles run out won't make me any more competitive, it'll just harm everybody later. I'm already always keeping other players' treasure levels in mind, because that determines how soon the Provinces may run out and whether I can even count on being able to afford Provinces or should just go for Duchies. If the intent of this change is merely to discourage players from playing Big Money, I don't think this is the way to do it. Big Money is not an optimal strategy and will lose frequently to even relatively simple Action-based strategies once players figure them out. Play the base set a few times buying one Smithy or Laboratory+Chapel and see how long they keep playing Big Money! It also feels like this change would bog down the middle-to-end game of every game as you would be unable to keep the treasure and victory levels of your decks balanced. Even if everybody got exactly the same amount of Gold during the build-up, your decks will all get slower and slower as you start buying the Provinces, since you won't be able to offset those with more Gold. All in all, the game was definitely designed so that Treasure is not expected to run out - the Intrigue rules even say "these cards are intended to be in abundant enough supply to not run out". I think there are good reasons why Silver and Gold are effectively unlimited, and I don't think limiting those piles would make for much more fun in the long run. Experienced players will already be competing for Gold regardless of the supply, and will already be tracking their opponents' treasure levels to adjust their strategy. 
2760	boardgames	 Blokus Dead simple rules, probably takes 30 seconds to explain, but the strategy really gets interesting. As you get better the game will evolve with you. :) 
2762	boardgames	 Axis and Allies 2nd edition had two primary ground units: infantry (1/2/1/3 attack/defense/move/cost) and armor (3/2/2/5). Axis and Allies Revised increased the defense of armor to 3 and added an artillery unit (2/2/1/4) that has the special ability to increase the attack value of any accompanying infantry from 1 to 2. Don Rae's famous infantry push mechanic was written for 2nd edition rules and argues that a good player will predominately purchase infantry, only buying tanks when they have established solid defensive lines. How does the addition of the artillery unit and the increase in the defensive power of armor change the optimal balance of ground forces? 
2763	boardgames	 Free rolls for colors you've already earned wedges for One variant I've considered several times but never had the opportunity to try is letting someone roll again when they land on a space that matches the color of a wedge they've already won. It would definitely speed up the game but I've been worried about two downsides: first, there would be a lot of rolling near the end of the game, which could get boring to watch; second, it would give a big advantage to anyone who was in the lead. 
2764	boardgames	 Obviously, I don't know Naoki Homma's reasoning for his points system, but probably the answer to your question is that turning the points around would drastically disbalance the game. The main reason is this: A positive point for you is like giving every other player a negative point When playing with multiple players in a game, one must be very careful about giving one player an advantage because it's the same as giving all other players a disadvantage (and visa-versa). This bonus is powerful enough so that a single extra card (making 6 cards) can make a huge point swing: -10 -9 -8 -7 -6 = -40 points to +6 * 3 (in a 3 player game) = 18 points. So one card makes the difference of 58 relative points in the game. The other way, it turns -40 into -6, which is still huge (34 points), but nearly half as big. 
2765	boardgames	 Many quorum cards feature an effect that says "give this card to another player". That player then receives some kind of passive privilege (does not require an action) like determining the next FTL jump destination. My question is: Can the receiving player use that card's action too (and pass it on to yet another player) or is it only to remind people of the passive privilege? My instinct tells me that it's only a reminder but I couldn't find a clarification for either alternative. 
2766	boardgames	 I have previously played on Epic Mafia (which is linked to from the Wikipedia page in the question). They have the largest set of player characters I have seen, some of which makes the game extremely complicated! 
2767	boardgames	 Even if this were allowed, how would the other person play it? It's not creating a new hand of cards and new delegated political powers. There's no precedent in-game for cards to be 'read' twice. And if this worked this way it would be deeply weird . For those reasons I say no "pass[ing] it on to yet another player". 
2768	boardgames	 Instructions on epidemics ask that the discard pile be reshuffled and put back as the last action to take with the card. This means that if a player draws two epidemic cards at the same time, there won't be a discard pile for the pandemic to use for the outbreak step. What's the most appropriate way to handle this situation? 
2771	boardgames	 Is it possible for outbreak chains to loop - would it be possible for a city to experience an outbreak twice in the same round as a result of a chain? 
2772	boardgames	 No. The rules state "Note that each city may only outbreak once in each chain reaction." 
2774	boardgames	 OK. So Mansions of Madness is practically here. I know I can't be the only one who's hotly anticipating this game. The only question I have about it is this: The game comes 5 scenarios included, each with 3 variations, for a total of 15 unique games. Can the included scenarios be hacked, modified, customized or remixed? Can entirely new scenarios be created from the existing components? I know that there are people out there who have had their hands on this for some time already, and I want to know what they think. Sure, 15 scenarios is a lot - especially since players won't know exactly what path they're on until they uncover late-game clues. But I'm interested in the answer to this question from a re-playability standpoint, especially with regard to community-created scenarios vs. officially released expansions. I don't have anything against official expansions - I just imagine that if the game is as good as I expect, my group will be ready for something new well before FFG is ready to release one. EDIT : Now that the game has been out for a while, the community really seems to be supporting it. BGG has a number of scenarios and tools for crafting your own. 
2778	boardgames	 The Epidemic-shuffling instructions in the Pandemic rules seem to sort of lower the odds that two Epidemic cards are ever adjacent: Divide the remaining Player cards into a number of piles according to how diﬃcult you’d like to make the game. Make the piles as equal in size as is possible. Shuﬄe an Epidemic card into each pile. Stack the piles on top of each other to form the Player Draw Pile. (If the piles aren’t exactly the same size, stack them so that the larger piles are above the smaller piles.) Put any excess Epidemic cards back into the box. This will obviously spread the Epidemics out throughout the deck, but my group also interprets "shuffle into" to imply that we shouldn't let the Epidemic we're putting in each pile to end up on the top or bottom. As long as the Epidemics are somewhere in the middle of each pile, you won't get two in a row. Although you might get two very close together and it certainly does suck when that happens. Setting the deck up in this way will guarantee you don't get a double-epidemic. 
2780	boardgames	 Try using existing classification systems like the Dewey Decimal system . The 10 main classes are not all useful for Trivia, but digging through the subclasses may provide a good starting point. Wikipedia also has categories for Knowledge representation and Classification systems . 
2781	boardgames	 You completely resolve one epidemic card and then the other. I don't have any concrete rule to back that up but consider what would happen if you drew the two cards separately: In this case it would be obvious that you resolve each card. And now consider if there should be a difference to what happens in the game depending on how you draw your cards... 
2782	boardgames	 I figured it out. Under "Component Limitations" it says that if the Quorum cards deck runs out you shuffle all discarded Quorum cards into a new deck. Which means that if you fail the check you have a chance of getting the card again IF you manage to burn through the whole Quorum deck. If you succeed then the card won't come again. Until now I just never considered that you might actually get to draw all the Quorum cards... 
2784	boardgames	 After reading so much about how Battlestar Galactica was a better game than Shadows Over Camelot, I became determined to help it and see if I could help it at all in the contest. One of the issues was how easy it is for your turn to become very boring, like when you do nothing but play a grail or other card. This requires very little strategy, discussion, or decision, and it seems like the game could be speeded up a little without any huge disadvantages. Since the game is based on the balance of good vs. evil actions, why not just do 2 evil actions and 2 heroic actions per turn? This could be a small disadvantage as more bad things will happen before your next turn, but is it fairly balanced out by the double good actions? Most other cooperative games give you multiple actions, and as it gives you more choices, it makes the decision of what to do during your turn all the more interesting. Would this hurt the balance of the game? Is there anything I can do to counteract its effect or reduce turns where very little thinking is required? 
2785	boardgames	 I have played both. One thing I find about a weak NT is when the LHO overcalls it, it can be hard for the 3rd player to compete to find a fit. The system I play makes it easier to find a fit when you don't open 1NT. Although finding a fit after a strong NT has been intervened might be just as hard, you will be able to play in 2NT more frequently when there is no fit, and you're certainly unlikely to get doubled there. Catching the opps for a penalty when they intervene over a weak 1NT at the wrong moment sounds great and sometimes it may be but as with using penalty doubles of overcalls in the regular situation, it loses you a bid you can use to compete to find a fit of your own. As for getting doubled in 1NT, not as frequent as you think but at MP vulnerable you certainly risk -200 when the opps are only making a part-score or were only ever going to bid to one, and even -100 going down 1 may be bad as 1NT making for the opps is only +90. 
2786	boardgames	 Nice to see a spades question here. I used to play spades a lot around 2003 but haven't played at all recently. I generally hate blind-nils and we used to outlaw those. I used to discuss scoring with people a lot and we generally felt the nil-bonus of 100 was far too high, as the game just became dominated by nil-bidding. I felt 70 was a reasonable nil-score. 50 was suggested. The "must be X points behind" rule means that you can't catch usually the other team on this board even if you succeed, and you certainly can't win the game instantly with it. It also means a team can try to ensure they don't go too far ahead. 
2788	boardgames	 The process I currently follow is: Scan for broken combos Scan for power cards (most of the list from philosophyguy's answer Look for a quick path to anything found in step 1 or 2 using your starting split Look for blocking strategies if step 3 failed or you are seated poorly If none of the above provide a good path to victory, fall to your default strategy (be it Big Money or other traditional buys) As you get better at the game the combos you recognize in step 1 will increase and the number of cards you can juggle increases. A two-card combo is relatively easy to spot; three or four-card combos are a bit trickier. There is probably room between steps 4 and 5 to look for solid combos that can enhance your preferred play style but are not game winners in themselves. Hoard + Salvager is a good example. 
2789	boardgames	 Shadows Over Camelot or Battlestar Galactica both have interesting player interactions similar to Mafia/Werewolf. The group is working together as a team with a potential for one player to secretly be working against the group. I wouldn't classify either game as simple, however. 
2790	boardgames	 Cosmic Encounter ( BGG link ) is a simple game that offers plenty of opportunities for players to ally and attack each other. This BGG review offers a quick description of the game. The relevant mechanic: Encounter cards can either Attack or Negotiate. Attack cards have numeric values that players add up to count their strength. Attack is very simple with the player with the higher score winning the battle. Defender wins ties. Negotiate auto loses but here's the kicker, the one who Negotiates gets to draw cards equal to the number of ships he had involved in the Encounter, from the winner. If both sides Negotiate, they have one minute to deal (meaning trade cards or colonies), or they both lose 3 ships. 
2791	boardgames	 It seems like you can take any number of different paths leading in the general direction of victory. Build short routes and grab points for being the first to complete a region. Build long routes and grab points for being the first to build long routes. Concentrate on finishing one big region for a hefty points boost. Spread your houses all over the board to be the first to have a presence in every region. Play out as many houses as possible to be in the best position when the game ends early. Play conservatively to maximise the value of the houses you do play. It just feels like any of these opposing and contradictory strategies could win the game, depending on the right cards being available on your turn, of course! But I can't believe that T&amp;T is that random - I must just not have "gotten" it yet. Therefore, what are the best ways to sit down at a table with other relative newbies and do well at Thurn &amp; Taxis? Mega bonus points for describing how/if this changes if you're playing with the quite different rules in the sequel ("The Power and the Glory" I believe?) 
2792	boardgames	 In my experience, this is exactly the fun of the game and all its expansions (and a few others like it): there is not one strategy that is guaranteed to do well, but you have to constantly adapt your strategy to what cards are available, what the other players do, etc. I would consider this a virtue of the game, and would typically consider a game that has one winning strategy to be broken. It often happens to me that I play a game that's new to me, lose to someone more experienced who did better in one particular area, and decide that improving that area is going to be my strategy because I now see that it is 'obviously' better than concentrating on other areas. Then in the rematch, the positions are reversed and the other player creams me with my 'original' strategy. The lesson is that the difficulty of the game is not in implementing a strategy - anyone can do that - but in recognizing which of the many available strategies is called for in a given situation. 
2793	boardgames	 Dominion is the specific example I would like to play with but this certainly applies to any game that involves decks of cards being shuffled and drawn. I often see references to various simulations that people have run or built to test theories but whenever I dig through their code I seem to discover their simulation was custom-built for one or two test cases. The question I am asking: How are people making these simulations so quickly? I assume that there are a few preferred (or common) ways to do this seeing how many times I see people talking about their simulations. What is a good starter kit for me to learn how to do my own? Answers that will help: Specific languages, libraries, helpful mathematic formulae, links to projects, and typical pitfalls to avoid. 
2794	boardgames	 As a reaction card, Watchtower can be revealed whenever you gain a card. Does this apply to the card you receive from other players during a Masquerade? 
2795	boardgames	 To add a bit to thesunneversets excellent answer , any individual game or table of Poker is not interesting in and of itself to matter with fake points. If you held a long standing leaderboard with fake points you could easily find a group of people who started taking the game seriously. Turning the fake points into money makes them matter again and succeeding a Poker becomes a long-term strategy over many, many games played. 
2797	boardgames	 No. A passed card is not considered a gained card. From the Intrigue rulebook : “Pass” – when a player passes a card to another player, he places that card face down on the table between himself and the other player. The receiving player then takes the card from the table and puts it in his hand. A passed card is not revealed to the other players. A passed card is not considered to be trashed or discarded by the player passing it and it is not considered to be gained by the player receiving it. 
2799	boardgames	 Our box set has the Little Girl, and it works fine. Advantages: The Little Girl (with a little skill/luck) can find most (if not all) of the Warewolves. How many depends on where they're sitting relative to the wolves. Disadvantages: If you get caught, you're dead - and since everyone else is sitting still, your ability to look around is limited. You still need to convince people. And the more you let on that you know they're the Wolf, the more likely you are to get eaten the next night. (I suppose the Wolves could just look at you really closely, but my experience is they just get eaten in retaliation). 
2800	boardgames	 I admit I don't have much experience in actually doing this, so I have no idea how well any of these actually work and can't make any guarantees myself. But I'm sure there are others who can, and these are probably some great starting points: dominion simulator python framework similar project vdom java simulator A sourceforge project Dominionsim is also mentioned here Here are some I found for Magic: The Gathering. Once again, I can't make any personal guarantees: MTG Studio (don't know if it actually supports simulations) Magic Workstation If you are anyone else has more feedback on any of these, I'd love to here it! 
2801	boardgames	 I'm one of the guys working on DominionSim (although the googlecode version isn't up to date*) and we're trying to implement all the cards/rules, not just build for one test case. That said, we still have a ways to go implementing cards. The way DominionSim in particular works: it's written in C# to test a specific behavior you write a Strategy class that implements IStrategy we've done several simplistic strategies using the base set already supports 2 to 6 player games supports "tourneys" that play all the strategies against each other at least once Theoretically once we've implemented all the cards it'll be pretty easy to test new ideas, although at the moment it would still require downloading the source code and adding your own IStrategy implementation written in C#. I may investigate implementing a rules-based Strategy like those found at the Simulate Dominion blog at some point, so that folks could just mess with a rules file and not need to recompile or know C#. *Hopefully the latest version will be publicly available soon 
2806	boardgames	 I am developing a card game that involves building out sequences of matching symbol pairs and also has a lose state for a (different set) of symbols that is hidden to the player. Trying to create an atmosphere of paranoia. I want to be sure I'm balancing the deck to create probably winning and losing sequences and can code a bit - but I was wondering if any of you used a specific application to run probabilities? Mac OSX would be great. 
2808	boardgames	 Are you up for a DIY Monte Carlo simulation? I don't know of any specific applications, but if you're comfortable with coding I suggest you gin up a little Monte Carlo simulation . In case you're not familiar with how that would work I'll explain (and can elaborate later if necessary): Populate some sort of database or data structure with your cards. Write a function that draws from this list at random and marks the card as drawn so it couldn't be re-sampled. Write another function to evaluate the built-out sequence to evaluate win or loss Wrap this core program with a loop that would play the game a huge number of times and generate statistics on the results (e.g. number of wins and losses, longest streak of consecutive wins and losses, etc.) The first three steps are a simple computer implementation of your card game. The trick is to model everything that's important to the mechanic and nothing that's not (easier said than done right?) That last part is the Monte Carlo simulation where you use brute force computation (yea for cheap comp cycles) to get a result instead of trying to calculate probabilities closed-form, which for even simple card and dice games is more math (and more error-prone math) than most people are comfortable with. 
2809	boardgames	 When you fall behind in a "for fun" game, the best strategy becomes to make high risk yet high reward choices. Essentially, if you are sitting in last place, you've got nothing to lose so you might as well risk it all for a shot at the top. In real life poker, you are always in a situation where you have something to lose: your money. Every dollar counts, so players will not change their strategy. 
2810	boardgames	 When the King awards you a favour in Caylus, which track should you choose? When is one track more beneficial than another? What circumstances make a particular favour track more or less useful? 
2811	boardgames	 The real (and boring) answer is: it's going to vary, depending on the specific circumstances of the game you're playing. My answer: the victory point track is very strong, and a good default option. The build track is also extremely strong, as can be guessed from the fact that you don't even get a bonus the first time you move on it! The money track is not so great, but sometimes it's exactly what you need if you're finding it hard to get funds any other way. In my personal experience, the goods track is the weakest. It's usually possible to get goods through normal actions, and the gold at the top end of the track is less good than just getting 5 victory points... unless you've set up a bunch of exciting things to spend your gold on. But that seems like a lot of extra hoops to jump through. Other people's mileage may vary, naturally! 
2812	boardgames	 This would make the game much easier. The ability to focus effort on quests is how the knights win. Travel time relative to card draws would go down. Quick example, 5 player game, you have fought cards 1-5, so you go to the Picts quest. It starts as your turn: Progression of Evil / You move to quest PE / You play 1 8 other PEs from other players PE / You play 2 PE / You play 3 8 other PEs from other players PE / You play 4 PE / You play 5 -- Quest Completes Total PEs possibly ending your quest in a loss: 22 In the original rules, it looks like this: Progression of Evil / You move to quest 4 other PEs from other players PE / You play 1 4 other PEs from other players PE / You play 2 4 other PEs from other players PE / You play 3 4 other PEs from other players PE / You play 4 4 other PEs from other players PE / You play 5 -- Quest Completes Total PEs possibly ending your quest in a loss: 26 So, by focusing the effort, you've saving 4 progressions of evils (the other player's turns) on your quest. 
2813	boardgames	 I had the same problem. But of course now it make sense. It says 6, +4 on the banner. And if it got the Special Power "Flying +5" the it sums up to 15 Amazons (6+4+5). 
2814	boardgames	 The only way you gain a card is if the card specifically says the word "gain" or when you spend money to buy it off of a supply pile. Anything else that results in you having a new card in your deck is not a "gain". Edit: Total brain fart, thanks commenters! 
2816	boardgames	 Back in college I had a friend teach me a different way to play a solitaire-like game. It was played in-hand which meant you could play it while standing in line or any time you were bored and had a deck of cards handy. Here's the rough idea of what I remember of the rules: Cards held face down in a stack. 4 cards drawn from the bottom of the deck, flipped and put on top Goal was to match the outside 2 of the top 4 cards (cards 1 and 4 if you number them from the top) Matching may have been based on suit or card number Might have been matched as all 4 of the same suit or outside matching by number, I can't quite remember There were rules I can't remember that let you rearrange the top cards If top 4 cards can't be matched then you draw from the bottom until you can match When a match was made it was moved to the bottom of the face-up cards to get it out of the way One nice feature of the game was that it always stayed in a stack other than fanning out the top cards. If you have to stop playing you just collapse the fanned cards, put the deck back in the box. Later on you can pull out the deck and start right where you left off. It was a fun way to burn time while waiting for something. Does this sound familiar to anyone? I've looked for the rules but I have no idea what the game is called and I haven't been able to find anything similar. 
2817	boardgames	 It sounds like you're describing One-Handed Solitaire , or a variant of it. Here's a second description of the rules. It's actually possible to play several solitaire games in this way, where you use the top of the deck as a kind of compressed tableau, and store the discards in the draw deck itself. 
2818	boardgames	
2819	boardgames	
2820	boardgames	 What happens if you play: Throne room, choosing a Throne room, each time choosing a Caravan? King's Court, choosing a King's Court, each time choosing a Caravan? Specifically, what will your play area look like at the start of your next turn? How many cards will you draw at the start of your next turn? This is different from this question ; it is more complex than that! 
2821	boardgames	 The answer is still answered on page 4 here: You would only need to keep out whichever card(s) directly affected a Duration card. For example, if you TR a TR, then play 2 Caravans on that second TR, you only need to keep out the second TR, and I would probably arrange it and the 2 Caravans in sort of an inverted tree format, with the Throne Room above and between the Caravans. 
2822	boardgames	 The basic rule is given in the Seaside Rules , pg4 If you play or modify a Duration card with another card, that other card also stays in your play area until it is no longer doing anything. If you have a chain of Throne Rooms or King's Court, you need to retain the cards necessary to correctly process everything on the next turn. For your examples, discard the initial card (whether Throne Room or King's Court). The remaining Throne Room is sufficient to indicate that each Caravan needs to be played twice at the beginning of your next turn. On the next turn, each Caravan would be played twice for a total of +4 cards. Two more examples should clarify the remaining edge cases here. Example 1: Throne Room (1) Chose Throne Room(2), doubled by (1) Chose Throne Room(3), doubled by (2) Chose Caravan(A), doubled by (3) Chose Caravan(B), doubled by (3) Chose Throne Room(4), doubled by (2) Chose Caravan(C), doubled by (4) Chose Caravan(D), doubled by (4) In this case, you will retain All 4 Caravans obviously (ABCD) Throne Rooms (3) and (4) as they directly modify the Caravans Throne Room (2) as it will indicate that Throne Rooms (3) and (4) need to be doubled, subsequently doubling the Caravans again. Throne Room (1) can be discarded as it is has no effect on the Caravans next turn. Example 2: Throne Room (1) Throne Room (2), doubled by (1) Throne Room (3), doubled by (2) Caravan (A), doubled by (3) Caravan (B), doubled by (3) Caravan (C), doubled by (2) In this case, all cards will be retained. Throne Room (1) is needed to indicate that Caravan (C) needs to be doubled next turn. King's Court will work the same general way, it just makes for even messier examples. I've distilled this answer from a BoardGameGeek thread where the answers were provided by Donald X. Vaccarino, the designer of Dominion. He recommends (as do I, for what it's worth) that you use some sort of tree format to help lay everything out as I've done above. It will help remind you which cards are affecting which in these tricky situations. 
2823	boardgames	 I've been enjoying playing Lost Cities a great deal, but find it very difficult to decide what to do over the first few turns — in particular deciding things like: How long is it worth waiting to see if an investment card comes up, if you have some good high cards for an expedition? What are enough points in a city to make it worth starting? I've been typically waiting until I have about 15 points, and I'm guessing this is too cautious. Is it worth starting an expedition if you just have three low cards, say? How do you deal with having a hand of high cards (which you don't want to discard) but nothing lower to start off an expedition with? Of course, part of the fun has been in taking a big risk because you don't have any better options, but I wondered if people had any tried-and-tested rules of thumb to help beginners deal with the opening of the game? 
2824	boardgames	 Adventure 3 in the Castle Ravenloft Adventure book has this special rule for dealing with Klak's Artifact: Attacking Klak's Artifact will destroy it. When attacking the artifact, treat the artifact as a Monster. How does this work with powers that move monsters? For example, Tide of Iron ? The artifact is represented by a 2x2 marker. Markers don't typically move, but I didn't see any rule explicitly stating this. 
2825	boardgames	 Donald (the game designer) answers this question in an extended thread on BoardGameGeek; here is his algorithm for what you do: If you TR or KC a duration card, leave out the TR or KC with the duration card. [It's tracking that you doubled or tripled that card] If you TR or KC a TR-or-KC used on a single duration card (and up to 2 non-duration cards), don't leave it out. [It's not tracking anything.] [You still leave out the one that hit the duration card though.] If you TR or KC a TR-or-KC used on two or three duration cards, leave it out. [It's tracking the extra doubling/tripling done by the latter TR or KC, which also stays out.] Therefore I am going to go back on my ruling from yesterday for what happens if you KC a KC a KC used on 3 duration cards. The 3rd KC stays out obv. The 2nd one stays out; it's indicating that the 3rd one hits 3 things. The first KC is doing nothing and so goes. If instead you KC a KC, and that one KC's 1) a KC for 3 duration cards, 2) a duration card, 3) a non-duration, then you would keep the first KC out, as now it's indicating that the 2nd KC got to hit 3 cards, necessary for that 4th duration card to be tripled. In short, the rule is to leave in play as many TR/KC as are necessary to track what is happening, but no more. The full thread is here ; my quote from Donald is on page 3. So, in response to your specific scenarios: TR-TR-Caravan x 2 : All four cards stay out; Donald recommends placing the cards in branching format so it is clear that the Caravans were both played by the second TR. All four stay out because the first TR is what allows the second TR to play both duration cards twice. If you played one Caravan and one non-duration card with the second TR, then the first TR would be discarded at the end of the turn. KC-KC-Caravan x 3 : Same deal; all five stay out. If you only played one Caravan with the tripled KC and played two non-duration cards, then the first KC would not stay in play. 
2826	boardgames	 1) You want to wait, but you can't wait all that long. Sitting there with half your hand made up of cards that you don't want to play is normally a huge problem in Lost Cities, and you risk giving up a huge amount of tempo to your opponent, in the very small hope of drawing one specific card. Sometimes you just have to quit hoping and start playing - after all, your opponent may have those investment cards in HIS hand! (Of course, holding out can result in the dream scenario - your opponent laying down multiple investment cards for a colour in which you hold a balance of points...) 2) With multiple investment cards? 15 sounds a safe-ish bet. But let's not forget that you can embark on expeditions without investment. I'm perfectly happy to start off expeditions with barely any cards sometimes - just because putting pressure on and psyching out your opponent can easily be worth the potential loss of 10+ points. 3) As above. I certainly would, but I almost certainly wouldn't risk multiplying my losses by 3 or 4 by playing investment cards first! 4) Possibly the most difficult scenario - you don't want to discard high cards and you don't want to play high cards, so what do you do? It can be quite good to bait your opponent by discarding medium-value cards, while holding the higher values so when they snap your discard up, you know they're on a hiding to nothing. But I agree, it's a hard situation to deal with comfortably. (Then again, it's difficult for me to feel much sympathy for someone whose "problem" is being dealt a hand of strong cards! Just play out an 8-9-10 for +7 points, and see what you draw in the meantime: a few investment cards would obviously have been nice to have, but it's not like you've really lost anything, is it?) 
2827	boardgames	 If you're looking for an advanced strategy, the game comes down to basically one question: "Will I get card X before the game ends?" These answer to this is based on two things, first, is the odds of you getting any particular card you want, and second, the likelihood of getting it 'in time'. Getting a card you want is fairly simple, it's the odds it's still in the draw pile times 50%. When the game starts you have the best chance of it being in the draw pile, as opposed to already in your opponent's hand. You need to read your opponent to get at the first part of this, but for any strategy for early game, it's probably safe to assume slightly less than 50% chance of getting any card. For the second bit, namely playing things 'in time' the rules allow counting the remaining cards. This needs to be combined with the likelihood that either you or your opponent will draw from the discard piles instead of the draw pile, thus slowing the game down. You control your draw choices, so, in effect can slow the game ending by up to twice as many turns as the remaining number of cards. As for rules of thumb, which there aren't many because the game is quite tactical, I'd say that calculating the expected value of remaining probabilities for cards undrawn, and assuming that your opponent's hand is 75% full of the cards you need is the safe way to go. Also, don't reveal your intentions (start expeditions) until you absolutely have to, as this increases the chance that your opponent will start/discard cards you need before you do. In this way it's not about what cards to have before starting, it's about your opponent's reveal. So, specific answers: Draw until odds are less than 50%. If you have 3 cards, and 10 remain in the deck, assume your opponent has four of them, so there are 3 remaining. With proper math probabilities, you need to draw 3 times to have a better than 50% chance of getting one of the those 3 cards. This depends on when in the game you are. 15 points is probably too high early on, but I wouldn't start an expedition with 15 until I know if my opponent is or isn't competing in it (and they don't have hand room to block me on it) Probably not. Even early game. Depends on when in the game it is. Early on you can try for cornering the market early on it, before it's revealed. However, it's probably the first expedition you start, getting those cards out early so you can keep the next one secret (where there will be more competition). 
2828	boardgames	 We always called that game Idiot's Delight or Idiot's Solitaire. Wikipedia seems to think that's maybe not the appropriate name. 
2829	boardgames	 Can a barrel (or the character whose power emulates a barrel) be used to attempt to mitigate the Bang! effect from a Gatling card? 
2830	boardgames	 So in 4-player Bang!, there is a Sheriff (wins when all others are dead), a Renegade (wins when all others are dead) and 2 Outlaws (win when the Sheriff is dead). So your typical game opens with the two outlaws shooting the Sheriff, the Sheriff shooting the Outlaws, and the Renegade being forced to shoot the Outlaws so that they don't kill the Sheriff too quickly. This has the effect of telegraphing to all players involved who the Renegade is; the resulting game devolves into a shootout with no subtlety or strategy; everyone knows everyone's situation and there are no surprises. Are there better or more optimized strategies for these situations? Or does the game only hit its stride with more players involved? 
2831	boardgames	 I don't see why not. The Gatling just applies a Bang! to all other players. So, from each other player's perspective, it shouldn't be treated any differently than if a Bang! card had been played against them directly, in which case the Barrel (or character ability) would be perfectly fine. 
2832	boardgames	 Auction all locations before the start of the game. In my view offering an auction if the current player doesn't buy a property is good, not only because it reduces game time; but more importantly because it reduces the element of chance. Going around the board and auctioning each property before the beginning of the game (with the reserve price as listed) massively emplifies these pluses. 
2833	boardgames	 I am considering getting card protectors for my dominion game. Do the cards still fit back into their slots in the box? The ones I was thinking about were the ones advertised in the box with dominion from Mayday Games. 
2834	boardgames	 In Bang!, if I have 1 bullet left and the Dynamite blows up on me for 3 damage, can I use Beer and wind up at 1 life at the end? 
2835	boardgames	 I'm not sure Bang! is really about maintaining cover, anyway. Even for big games, it seems like ideal Bang! strategy is... 1) Outlaws try to spike down the Sheriff roughly ASAP, though they can sometimes wait until most players have long-range guns before exposing themselves. 2) Once the Outlaws are dead, the Renegade immediately tries to kill the weakened Sheriff before he gets time to recover. The only subtlety I see is that, if the Outlaws are having a tough time, the Renegade should stop shooting them. You're right, though, that in 4-player, because the range is so short, Outlaws don't even need to wait until long-range guns are out. And there's no moment of wondering who the Renegade is -- in larger games, that moment is brief, but it does exist. 
2836	boardgames	 You would have to play 3 beers to wind up with 1 bullet if the dynamite blew up on you with 1 bullet left. Here's an example in the rule book for the beer card that explains it... Example . You have 2 life points left, and suffer 3 damages from a Dynamite. If you play 2 Beers you will stay alive with 1 life point left (2-3+2), while you would be eliminated playing only one Beer that would allow you to regain just 1 life point. You would still be at zero! 
2837	boardgames	 Yes, a Barrel can be used to block a Gatling, as well as other cards with Bang! symbols, such as Knife, Buffalo Rifle, Punch (funny, right?), Derringer, Howitzer and so forth. Of course, it won't work against Duel or Indians! 
2838	boardgames	 I use the Mayday games sleeves for all my Dominion cards. The sets of 10 Kingdom cards will still fit in their slots in the box just fine. More numerous cards (like the Treasure and VPs) either will not fit at all, or will have to be jammed in pretty tightly. Personally, I put Dominion, Intrigue, Seaside and Alchemy into two "long boxes" that you see used for CCGs, with little labeled tabs I printed from BGG separating them. This takes up a lot less room than the 3 large boxes and half-size Alchemy box, and makes the game portable. Prosperity is still in its original box since I'm out of space in my long boxes. I keep all the Kingdom cards in their original slot, but keep Colony and Platinum in some of the larger unused slots rather than the ones labeled for them, because I don't like the tight fit. 
2839	boardgames	 In the games I play, players tend to go for the building track. They use the track to build the best buildings early, such as those that provide great resources. They rack up victory points when people visit them in later turns, as they are often want to do. 
2840	boardgames	 "Any card with a Missed! symbol can be used to cancel the effect of a card with a BANG! symbol", says the "Remember" section of the latest version of the rules. Gatling has a BANG! symbol, barrel has a Missed! symbol. They're a match made in heaven, or at least Boot Hill. 
2842	boardgames	 There is still a bit of strategy to be had. If the Sheriff is clearly getting the upper hand, then try shooting him instead of the outlaws for a while. Plus, it can add in a bit more distrust into who is an outlaw, which can cause them to shoot each other. Also, the outlaws might want to kill the Renegade, because there will be one less person to be attacking. Still, if you know who the Renegade is, in general, you should ignore him until the end of the game, so it doesn't really matter if he's caught. 
2843	boardgames	 Just to offer another point of view, I also use the Mayday sleeves for my Dominion cards. I have no problem fitting the cards in the original box in the correct slots, except for Coppers. My solution was to just not sleeve all the Coppers, since I have yet to play a game where I came anywhere close to using all of them. 
2844	boardgames	 The rules of Pit are oddly contradictory. For n players choose n commonities, add in the Bull and Bear, shuffle and deal out the cards. The rules state that everyone gets 9 cards. Doh! With the Bull and the Bear added in that doesn't work. The way we reconcile this is two people have 10 cards which gives them a significant advantage, e.g. they can simply hold a single card of a commodity to effectively eliminate whoever ends up going for that commodity. Are there better solutions to this? 
2845	boardgames	 The rules in my copy of the game note that two people get 10 cards. Generally these will be the two people left of the dealer. You cannot call pit with the Bear in hand; you can call Pit with a Bull and 8 copies of a commodity. If you call Pit with a Bull and all 9 copies you get double points for that commodity. Of note, it is courteous to remind people that they have 10 cards in hand but only need 9 of a commodity. New players often end up holding all 9 of a commodity while desperately looking for a phantom 10th because they are used to seeing their entire hand match. 
2846	boardgames	 If I remember correctly, Agricola scores with victory points. You could simply give yourself a handicap. It may not make you feel much better but it would certainly give you a reachable goal. 
2847	boardgames	 In the group where I've often played Pit, we discarded the Bull and Bear cards before shuffling. It makes the game simpler and better, in my humble opinion. That being said, we can still debate which is the best solution if you do want to keep those cards. MrHen's solution may well win that honour. A different option would be to discard two cards at random every time you deal. The advantage is that the playing field is level; however, there are up to two commodities that cannot be completed. But in this version, all players are equally likely to be affected. I could see a few variants of this variant: Make the discarded cards secret. At the end of every round people are going to be frustrated that their chosen commodity was unwinnable. Make the discarded cards public. Now all commodities of the discarded type are effectively Bear cards. Start a timer for (say) 30 seconds when the round starts. At the end, if no one has won yet, play is interrupted and one of the discarded cards is made public. Players try not to give away that they were close to finalizing a "doomed" commodity. Play continues for another 30 seconds and is interrupted again to make the last card public. Chaos ensues. 
2849	boardgames	 There is an open-source implementation of Axis and Allies with a couple of AIs, though I also don't think it allows you to set up scenarios. However since it is open source you can always modify it to suit your needs. 
2850	boardgames	 A few points: "Good for the game" is drastically different if you are playing competitively or casually. Competitive Magic should encourage good deck building and make it as fair as possible to each player. Paris mulligan vs. lenient paris mulligan isn't going to drastically change the fairness between the two players at the table and adds more complexity to an otherwise already complex game. Learning when to mulligan is actually a very useful skill in Magic. Making it easier to stomach doesn't necessarily make it a better mechanic. Designing (and testing) decks with 7, 6, 5 card hands is very important. Likewise when playing against particular decks. Some decks struggle against a 1 card advantage. Some decks shrug it off and keep pounding. Real life Magic mulligan problems can often be solved by shuffling properly. People can get lazy in their shuffles and tournament nerves can make it worse. Take the time to adequately shuffle your deck each time you draw a hand. This is especially true after a mulligan: Simply cut-shuffling a few times will result in you drawing the exact same cards you just threw back. When playing casually, I recommend players just draw back up to 7 after a mulligan. I would rather play against a deck's best chance than roll over someone with a 5 card start. Casual games should be fun more than fair; if the lenient paris mulligan is more fun for your play group then that is how you should play. 
2853	boardgames	 I've been reading reviews on various cooperative games trying to find some more to add to my collection. (I currently have Pandemic , Forbidden Island , and Shadows over Camelot ). In reviews, I've seen people give games low ratings for a few reasons, complexity, playing time, and various other very predictable things that you can easily use to judge if you want to buy a game or not. The other issue that tends to come up is replayability. This is really important to me, because if its not replayable there's no way I'm getting it. But how can I really judge this? It can't be easily reduced to an objective number. Are there any tips for telling how replayable a game is before buying, particularly cooperatives? Recently I've taken my cooperatives and added a ton of new stuff to them to make them more interesting. I added 9 new roles to pandemic and 13 new special events, some taken from other places I'd read. I did something similar with Forbidden Island and might add some new knights to Shadows over Camelot. I'm confident I can overcome any lack of replayability with my own creativity, but I thought I'd ask this anyway to tell if I'm going to NEED to add my own extensions to a game in order to keep it interesting past 10 plays. 
2854	boardgames	 I think a better thing to do with new players is to just reject complicated cards. Play more with Smithy or Laboratory type cards where the text on the card is short and simple. Play less with things like Potions, Possession, durations, or Intrigue like choices on the cards. 
2855	boardgames	 I play games almost exclusively with my wife and older children. They learn and enjoy playing games like Puerto Rico, Diplomacy, 7 Wonders and Dominion so I am looking for gamer games, not Apples to Apples. However they don't play most of these games very competitively. Rather, they will often change plans just to be nice to another player. I have read that some highly recommended gamer games, like Power Grid, really lose a lot if the group isn't playing in highly competetive mode. What are great gamer games that stay great even if the group playing is pretty generous toward each other? Obviously all great cooperative games would qualify so I am asking about non-cooperative games. Edit: Certainly having extra players is sometimes a factor (we have 8 children, though only our oldest 3 can play these games with us at this point - of course, that will change in time). However simplified rules is really a non-issue from what we've played so far (Puerto-Rico being the most complex so far). Also we have no qualms about editing a game for family (or for ourselves). e.g. some of the cards in 7 wonders. Edit. I made part of the question bold just because people kept missing that part and I've noticed those that do are getting downvoted. 
2856	boardgames	 I believe the question is not as much how replayable a cooperative game is but more if you are the type for cooperative games. A lot of any new game's allure comes from being unknown - from exploring strategies and content. The biggest downside of a cooperative is that unlike humans it cannot adapt to your strategy. Once you figured out how to beat it then it is largely a matter of how favorable / unfavorable the cards are stacked. So the questions is: Can you enjoy such a game once the novelty has worn off. Take one of the most common examples: Solitaire. After enough plays everyone know what to look for, which card to pick if you've got two options, etc. If you are fine with playing a puzzle that you know inside and outside and poses little challenge beyond randomized cards then you should be able to enjoy coops for a long time. Otherwise you'll probably have to spice it up every now and then... I don't have any proof or evidence for this theory, though. 
2857	boardgames	 Agricola is a great game, that remains good even if you're being nice to each other. The main interaction between players is that each action space may only be taken once per round, and so players are able to develop their farms largely independently of each other. To be nasty towards another player requires studying their position, and deliberately taking the action that they needed. The game comes with rules for a family version, which is much easier to pick up than the full game. 
2860	boardgames	 Shelly Christopher at Fundex sent me rules which are a copy of the rules found here 
2861	boardgames	 If I cast Sakashima the Imposter , copying Halcyon Glaze , what happens? My guess is that Sakashima becomes a 4/4 Enchantment Creature - Illusion until the end of the turn (that's the current state of Halcyon Glaze) with Halcyon Glaze's text ("Whenever you play a creature spell..."). So, Sakashima would revert to a 3/1 with Halcyon Glaze's text at the end of the turn. This means that on future turns, if I cast a creature spell, Sakashima would again become a 4/4. Something about that doesn't seem quite right, however. What actually happens? 
2862	boardgames	 I was lucky enough to play my first Martin Wallace game last night - a 5 player game of Steam. Unfortunately I was tired and couldn't really grasp the intricacies of the game from a quick runthrough of the rules; I decided to not worry about it, play at random and get a feel for the game. Of course I got trounced: I was way too slow to develop my locomotive, failed to utilise towns to maximise my number of route links, and missed the fact that goods cannot move through a city of their colour on their way to another one. At least I was only a few points behind the players in 3rd and 4th places (though a long way behind the leaders of the pack). I really liked the look of Steam (which felt like a kind of cross between Power Grid and Caylus) though, and would happily play it again. To save me from future embarrassment though, what are some simple strategies I could adopt to give me a fighting chance of a good finish next time? I've probably suggested some to myself in the list of mistakes I think I made in my first game, but I'm sure people who really know the game can give me some better pointers. Any takers? 
2863	boardgames	 A relevant paragraph from the MtG Comprehensive Rules: 706.2. When copying an object, the copy acquires the copiable values of the original object's characteristics and, for an object on the stack, choices made when casting or activating it (mode, targets, the value of X, whether it was kicked, how it will affect multiple targets, and so on). The "copiable values" are the values derived from the text printed on the object (that text being name, mana cost, card type, subtype, supertype, expansion symbol, rules text, power, toughness, and/or loyalty), as modified by other copy effects, by "as . . . enters the battlefield" and "as . . . is turned face up" abilities that set characteristics, and by abilities that caused the object to be face down. Other effects (including type-changing and text-changing effects), status, and counters are not copied. Example: Chimeric Staff is an artifact that reads "{X}: Chimeric Staff becomes an X/X artifact creature until end of turn." Clone is a creature that reads, "You may have Clone enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield." After a Staff has become a 5/5 artifact creature, a Clone enters the battlefield as a copy of it. The Clone is an artifact, not a 5/5 artifact creature. (The copy has the Staff's ability, however, and will become a creature if that ability is activated.) Example: Clone enters the battlefield as a copy of a face-down Grinning Demon (a creature with morph {2}{B}{B}). The Clone is a colorless 2/2 creature with no name, no types, no abilities, and no mana cost. It will still be face up. Its controller can't pay {2}{B}{B} to turn it face up. I think that what this implies is that Sakashima does NOT become a 4/4 creature when copying a creatured-up Halcyon Glaze, but rather an enchantment with Halcyon Glaze's rules text. So you'd have to cast another creature to turn enchantment-Sakashima into a 4/4 flyer. I don't think he'd revert to being a 3/1 at end of turn; he'd stay a noncreature enchantment until returned to hand with Sakashima's ability. Essentially the key issue here is about what the Magic rules like to call "copiable values". The switched-on Glaze is a valid thing for Sakashima to copy, because it's a creature in play, but its switched-on status is not a copiable value. So Sakashima just becomes a switched-off Glaze, with all the extra characteristics as defined in the Sakashima rules text. 
2864	boardgames	 I haven't played Steam specifically, but I have played Railroad Tycoon - a similar game. From what I can tell, you're on the right track. The trick to this game is finding the right balance of train upgrades, number of routes, and location of routes to maximize your score. Short routes will score points quicker but your total won't be as high. Long routes score more points but require a larger train. In my experience, you'll do poorly if you try to optimize one thing (e.g., your train) at the expense of everything else. As with other games in this style, the key is flexibility. You need to take what the game gives you. I'm not sure if Steam has the same end-of-game mechanic, but in Railroad Tycoon there is skill involved in prolonging the game so you can catch up (or ending it early!). Once a fixed number of towns are empty, the game ends. You need to keep an eye on the scoring track once people start delivering lots of goods and emptying towns. 
2865	boardgames	 The Building Track . The smaller buildings are good for increasing your gain in future turns, but the real goal for this strategy is the large buildings at the end that score massive points. The Money Track has usually ended up as my secondary because of the need for money, and I hate playing my pieces just to get money. If you have a game where you're doing fine financially then you can ignore this track, and it would be best to be in this position, but not always easy to achieve. The VP track doesn't seem very good in the early stages of the game, since it doesn't produce any gain in future turns, so it doesn't help your game economy. There is a strategy to hammer the big VP points at the end, but you'll have to commit to it early on to be able to get through the small stuff. The Resource Track I've found mainly useful for the gold, that you need to buy the big buildings at the end. You have to gauge your position, and it's weaknesses and strengths (relative to others) after you're into the game a few turns and choose a strategy. Building Strategy: 1. Building 2. Resource if you don't need money, otherwise money. VP Strategy: 1. VP 2. varies based on position 
2866	boardgames	 One attribute I think you should look for is non-elimination games, that is, games where all the players stay in until the end. arkam-horror is a great gamers game and also co-operative. axis-and-allies is team-based and although it's possible to eliminate one player in practice the game can be more fun if each side plays as a team settlers-of-catan is another popular game where everyone's in it until the end 
2867	boardgames	 I'd assert that Settlers of Catan works just fine, even if you're not being very competitive. There's lots of trading, which can actually work better if both traders are genuinely interested in "playing nice." Similarly, there's nothing in the building of cities and roads that mandates competition. The nature of the board does encourage confrontation, in that you're likely to eventually conflict for space to expand, but that's not necessarily a deal-breaker in this regard. 
2868	boardgames	 It's tricky to evaluate a game's replayability before buying it, as the primary question I ask to assess this is: "Does the game support multiple viable paths to victory?" My thinking is this: If a game has one optimal path to victory, repeated plays will likely become boring (since you're just doing the same thing over and over again). To figure this out, I typically need to play a game at least once, carefully assessing the opportunities and tools that the game presents during play. If I couldn't play the game, I'd try to read the rules and look over any primary game components (like card decks, character roles, etc.). I'd also check out reviews, of course. The second question I ask is: "Does this game use one or more modular/randomizing components as a core component?" Do you lay out tiles to form a different board each game? Is the game driven by one or more decks of cards with critical goals or events shuffled in at semi-random spots? Is there a character creation system, or are the characters the same from game to game? -- All of these things contribute to replayability. Again, it's nice to play the game to see all the components interact with each other. However, this is a bit easier to assess from just looking at the box or reading the list of parts. It's also easy to assess from reading the "set up" portion of the rules. 
2870	boardgames	 Bohnanza In our experience Bohnanza lends itself very well to being nice to each other. The fact that you are often better off with a "bad" deal than none at all opens the doors for a lot of "You owe me one" deals. The real competition in the game does not generally come from fighting over resources but from better evaluation of what kind of beans are gonna come up (or are not going to come up) plentiful. 
2871	boardgames	 Munchkin Munchkin is well-loved by my more hardcore board gaming friends, but it is a very silly game that is best played non-competitively. It's often more fun to play with a goal of doing things in the most ridiculous manner (I'm going to use my Tuba of Charm to destroy that monster in spite of the Chicken On My Head!) than to try to actually win. Players can go it solo, but there is a lot of potential for collaboration - the most memorable Munchkin games that I've participated in have been won by two or more people working together at the last minute. Fair warning: this game is PG-13. Some of the more lewd jokes will go right over the heads of any little ones ("Crabs: If this monster catches you, you will lose all your armor and any items worn beneath the waist"), but others will teach them some new language ("Sneaky Bastard Sword"). Killer Bunnies Appealing for somewhat similar reasons to Munchkin, but it's G-rated and less likely to remind one of dungeons and dragons. The end-game is somewhat random, so playing competitively can leave you disappointed (the person who was worst off throughout the whole game still stands a chance of winning). 
2872	boardgames	 My usual recommendations for cooperative boardgames are: Lord of the Rings Shadows over Camelot Pandemic (The first link is from board game geek- you can search for the other games there also as I couldn't post more than two links) But really, any of the games in the cooperative category of BoardGameGeek should work for you. Sort by ranking, and there are some good ones in the top 10. 
2874	boardgames	 Keep your map crowded with plenty of players. The likelihood of a player being eliminated from competition ("doomed to compete between last or second to last place") depends on the combination of which map you're using (USA, Switzerland expansion, Europe, etc.) and how many players you're playing. If you have a lot of players for the map you're using (e.g., 4–5 players on the USA map), then it's likely that everyone is going to have major losses from routes they can't feasibly complete. On the other hand, if you have few players on the map you're using (e.g., 2 players on the USA map), it might be better to switch to a map intended for fewer players (e.g., use the Switzerland map instead for 2 players). Keep destination tickets and their completion status secret. Part of the benefit of keeping destination tickets (and their completion status) secret is that you can't be sure you're "out of the game" because you don't know how many incomplete tickets others have. If you're having destination tickets public to aid in teaching the game, resist the temptation to do it for a whole game. Note that this doesn't help as much when your map isn't very crowded. Update: Note that the rules state, "Destination Tickets are kept secret from other players until the Game’s final scoring." It's there because it truly affects gameplay. 
2875	boardgames	 In Battlestar Galactica, revealed Cylon players can use the Resurrection Ship location to pass their unrevealed loyalty cards to another player at the table. This can be necessary when one player has drawn multiple "You Are A Cylon" cards or can be used to sow confusion by giving "You Are Not A Cylon" cards away. In the Pegasus expansion, the Resurrection Ship location no longer passes loyalty cards. Instead, when a Cylon player reveals himself, he always passes his unrevealed cards to another player as part of the reveal process. It's not clear which situation happened during Pegasus development: The passing was made part of the reveal process in order to address an imbalance, and the Resurrection Ship location was changed in response to this The Resurrection Ship location was changed for other reasons, and the passing was moved to the reveal process in response to this. Having just played a game where I happened to be dealt both "You Are A Cylon" cards, I'm starting to think that the base game should use the Pegasus card-passing rules. The process of revealing is purposely built so that the Cylon player doesn't get to do any "Cylon actions" until the round after he reveals - for one thing, this prevents a player from revealing and immediately playing his Super Crisis card. A Cylon dealt both Cylon cards, however, ends up having to wait 2 full rounds to get all the stuff he needs to do done: He needs to pass the other Cylon card He needs to play his Super Crisis Now, he won't always NEED to play the Super Crisis, but in most cases that will probably be true, particularly since there has been only one Cylon player sabotaging things to this point. Whichever order the Cylon chooses, it's not great for him. If he passes loyalty cards first, it probably looks pretty suspicious that he didn't play the Super Crisis, but prioritized card-passing more. The humans are likely to assume the card recipient is now also a Cylon. On the other hand, if he plays the Super Crisis first, there is one more human available to help against it for a round until the card is finally passed. This two-turn latency to get all his ducks in a row seems like a harsh penalty, especially on top of the minor penalty that he's been the sole Cylon to this point. Automatically passing as part of the reveal gets things back to the more "normal" setup - 2 Cylons, and a 1 turn delay before Super Crisis can be played. It also makes the passing of the loyalty cards something that is not inherently suspicious, since it always happens. If this had come about in Pegasus through just a rule change listed in the instructions, it would be a no-brainer to apply it to the core game. But since it involves changes to the board that are affected by other Pegasus-specific stuff, it's not clear how applicable this should be. Since I haven't played Pegasus, it made me wonder: is there a reason why it would be bad to apply this rule change to the core game? 
2876	boardgames	 First, Pegasus allows a Cylon to pass his unrevealed loyalty cards only if they are at distance 6 or less, if they're at 7+ then he's stuck with the cards. Second, there's no reason why you couldn't use the Pegasus version of the Ship, as long you are using the correct and full version of the Ship. Wherein you only draw one skill card and as an action you may draw a super crisis card. Although I will point out that this logic that Cylons NEED to play their super crisis card, and spending a turn to pass the loyalty card would only be done if it was the other "You are a Cylon" card is just wrong. Super Crises are situational, no point in playing fleet mobilization if there's nothing on the board. And sowing suspicions is what you want the human players to deal with, otherwise they'll be able to freely XO and get stuff done. 
2877	boardgames	 I'd like to do some statistical analysis on Catan games, but to do that I need data. Does anyone know of a place I can find empirical data on Catan play? The stronger the players, the better. Awesome datasets include: Records of tournament play Log files from electronic Catan games, with preference for strong human play Analyses I'd like to do include: Empirical win percentages as a function of seat Total resources-spent by the winning player, by type Final assets of winning player, including all settlements, cities, roads, and development cards Total quantity of trading by the winning player Really, I'd be happy if I could perform even one of those analyses. Also, I can code, and I was a quant at an energy trading firm, so I'm not afraid of getting my hands dirty if necessary. 
2878	boardgames	 You need to be planning a way to build up to routes of various lengths, up to 5 or 6 long, from the very beginning of the game. Look at the resources on the board and route them mentally to places that are far away, then fill in where you need to place tracks. Realize that resources near other cities of the same color are probably going to go away before you complete the longer routes. You might eventually need Urbanization to help you build the routes you want. A lot of new players will "land grab" the routes that give immediate gratification but then realize they don't really have a good growth strategy thereafter. Don't worry if your start is slightly slower than such players, although you definitely need to get some goods delivered early. 
2879	boardgames	 After several trial games, I've found it does make the game slightly easier (Mr. Tibrewala's answer has a good explanation). However, I also find it makes the game a LOT more interesting. You have more choices each turn. Since you pick one thing and then another, you have more analysis to do. Do I draw a black card and see what it is before deciding what to do for my other action? Do I move here and play a card, or draw cards and fight a catapult? Possible things you could do on your turn increase rapidly, making decisions more interesting. It feels like you actually DO something on your turn. One problem I've heard other players talk about in SOC is how it can drag a little. You really can't do much in one action. Admittedly you are planning to do something else your next turn, but for me moving to a quest doesn't feel like I'm really helping much. If can move there and play a card without even having to burn a life, I feel like I'm actually useful. It also reduces the number of neutral turns that are totally. I drew a despair and played a grail....Wow that was useless... For me it turned the game from "my turn, let's have some really tiny decision that doesn't do much or require any thinking" to "YEAH! MY TURN! I can kick butt now!" It makes the game quicker without really subtracting anything. Since the turn's are more interesting, it feels quicker, and you can usually shave 15 minutes off the game while playing this way without sacrificing anything (IMHO you're actually making the game cooler AND shorter). Since it's really easy to tweak the difficulty to counteract the effect, I always play this way now. Everything just becomes more interesting, and if you add the Squire's Challenge from the base or the Travel Deck from Merlin's Company you'll have about even difficulty anyway. :D Would love to hear any other opinion's or comments! 
2880	boardgames	 There are a few problems with finding data. The first is finding any data. I would recommending emailing/contacting sites that offer Catan or Catan-esque games for play to see if they keep records of games played. I found a short list of potential sites with a little searching via Google. (Do note that I have not verified any of those sites.) The second problem is that even after you find the data it isn't likely to be what you need. Catan has a lot of information being passed around. The more details you can give someone about the data you need the more likely they will be able to find it for you. These details include what information you need (board layouts, resources gained/traded, positions of the robber) and the format you want the data (text logs of a server, CSV, XML.) It is also possible someone else has already done the analysis. What problem are you specifically trying to solve/analyze? 
2881	boardgames	 I have a couple of friends who used to play a lot of settlers online. Apparently there was once a site that had a lot of settlers data, but it went down. You can see some of the archived data at the settlers 3d web.archive.org page . There is now a forum in its place. Maybe some of the posters there have a backup of the data? 
2882	boardgames	 Ok, so I'm answering my own question, at least in part. First of all, I think the internets were greatly deceived when they spread the idea that each of the five scenarios (there are indeed 5) had only three variants. Some of the scenarios had what looked by my calculations to be upwards of 40 permutations. Second, the Keeper's role is much more dynamic than I had previously realized. It strikes me that the Keeper's game is similar to the Demons' game in claustrophobia , a truly wonderful asymmetrical 2-player game. Like the Demons, the Keeper accrues Threat over time, which he must pay for all his actions. It seems to me that the vagaries of Keeper play will keep even an identical scenario from playing out the same way twice. Finally, I think that the answer to my hackability question is a resounding no . The thing that has me so excited about MoM is that it provides narrative out-of-the-box. The game does a lot more storytelling than most. That very quality seems to make it hard to vary beyond the included scenarios. Each card is tied tightly to a choice or combination of choices and the stories will fall apart if not constructed properly. This is my opinion as of having read all the books, but having played zero games. I will update this answer if that opinion changes. 
2883	boardgames	 Magic: The Gathering is a collectible card game patented by Richard Garfield in 1993 and developed by Wizards of the Coast (Hasbro). It is most often played between two players in a head-to-head duel. Many variants exist, including the popular multiplayer formats two-headed-giant and commander (a.k.a. Elder Dragon Highlander). Typical Question Types Questions at all skill levels are welcome here, from beginner to expert. As with all Stack Exchange sites you should ask practical, answerable questions and demonstrate some level of effort before asking. For up-to-date information, please see the FAQ . Often the most interesting questions will involve the interaction between new cards and existing rules. As there are hundreds of new cards released each year, with a historical library of over 13,000 cards , the realm of possibilities grows steadily. The best questions will strive to be general enough that future readers will be able to apply the answer to new cards by understanding the strategy, while being specific enough to be useful to the original poster. Finding the Official Game Rules Magic: The Gathering rules, both basic and comprehensive, are maintained on the official Wizards of the Coast site. The basic rules cover most things necessary to begin playing. The comprehensive rules cover all mechanics of the game in depth. Tournament rules have been developed for more serious competitions. Comprehensive rules are usually referred to by section number, and will often be quoted as in the following example. 104.3j In a Commander game, a player that‘s been dealt 21 or more combat damage by the same commander over the course of the game loses the game. (This is a state-based action. See rule 704. Also see rule 903.14.) or I believe that you would indeed lose the game, per 104.3j. Either format is acceptable, however you are encouraged to keep rule quotes as concise as possible. The rule text may be updated over time by Wizards of the Coast, but the section number is less likely to change. Linking to Card Images and Text Use the syntax where Cardname is the official English name of the card. This syntax uses the public API released by WoTC to generate a link to the card on the official card database at gatherer.wizards.com . Example: becomes The Cheese Stands Alone . This feature has bugs , some of which have workarounds. Conventionally we link the first mention of a card. Questions should link to the cards they mention, if they're important &mdash; they usually are. Each answer should link to the cards it brings up itself, linking to cards already mentioned in the question is optional. Go ahead and refer to cards in shorthand after that (like "Emrakul" instead of his full name, "Emrakul, the Aeons Torn".) Questions to Avoid Questions which lend themselves to "What is a good combo with _____?" or "How can I improve my deck?" tend to be either too short-lived (due to new sets being released) or too localized (unlikely to help anyone other than the asker). Often these questions can still be asked, but should be worded in a more general manner, so that they stay relevant to future readers. For example, this example of a traditional "bad question" How can I improve my red deck?` can be reworked to be much more specific as I play a red aggressive style deck which has been losing to blue control style decks regularly. What strategy is used to counter control decks, and how can I incorporate that into my deck? Since aggressive and control style decks are staples of the game they will likely continue to exist for quite a while. Discussing a strategy to undermine a particular style is relevant to future readers, and individual cards or combinations discussed can serve as examples for anyone attempting to solve the same type of problem. Often why a card is good to include is more important than what card should be included. Deck Construction Questions Within some guidelines, deck construction questions are welcome here. When asking your question please take a moment to evaluate how the question can be made interesting to a future reader. This discussion on the meta site attempts to give some framework to these somewhat open ended questions. In general try to be specific about a theme you are attempting to achieve (e.g. a wolf-swarm deck) groupings that can make the deck work (e.g. creature bonuses, mana ramping, etc.) This allows people answering to avoid the 1 card per answer style answer, and suggest a group of cards that are strategically related towards the final deck "solution". Future readers may then pick and choose the particular elements they find most helpful and disregard the rest. In Closing Other questions to avoid follow the guidelines in the FAQ . Open-ended discussions ("How do the story lines of the MTG novels intertwine with the flavour text of the cards"), rampantly speculative questions ("What is upcoming in future set releases?") or unanswerably subjective topics ("Which colour is best?") are examples of questions that are likely to be closed as off topic. 
2884	boardgames	Magic: The Gathering is a collectible card game for 2 or more players, set in a variety of fantastical realms. Players take on the role of a powerful wizard and duel in a battle of wits, using cards that represent resources such as creatures, objects, spells and enchantments. 
2885	boardgames	
2886	boardgames	Poker is a family of card-games involving one or more rounds of betting over who holds the best ranked hand of cards. Hand ranks are shared across most variations of Poker and generally determine whether a particular card game is identified as a Poker variant.
2887	boardgames	 I would say the addition of artillery makes tanks completely moot -- you're always better off buying infantry and a single artillery to go along with any attack. The tanks just do 50% more damage than infantry on both attack and defense, for a 67% higher cost, and no increase in their ability to absorb damage. edit To answer Adam's comment, an artillery plus two infantry costs the same as two tanks, and will inflict the exact same 0.1 losses per IPC both defending and attacking. An artillery plus 7 infantry costs the same as 5 tanks, and inflicts .1067 losses per IPC. That may not seem like much compared to the tanks, but combined with the fact you need large amounts of infantry to absorb losses anyways, its much more efficient and becomes more efficient as your army becomes larger. The only real advantage of tanks is the two-space move, which is IMO rarely significant 
2888	boardgames	 Chess is a two-player strategic board game that dates back over 1500 years. It's survived in its modern form for around 500 years, and chess tournaments have been held regularly around the world since the 1850's. The game is typically played between two players on an 8x8 board with alternating colors, black and white. Each player has 16 pieces: 8 Pawns, 2 Rooks, 2 Knights, 2 Bishops, 1 Queen, and 1 King. Players alternate moves, with the player using White pieces moving first, and the player with Black pieces moving second. The goal of the game is to capture your opponent's King. An immediate threat to the King is called a check ; the game is won when one player's King is in check and no move by that player can prevent capture of the King on the next turn; this situation is called checkmate. A number of situations can produce draws, such as the lack of pieces on the board to give checkmate by either side. Games may also be played under a time constraint, where each player has a certain amount of time to make their moves, and running out of time constitutes a loss. Some systems give a fixed amount of time for the entire game for each player; others allow more time as more moves are made. To learn more about chess, visit these sites: chess.com Wikipedia FIDE.com (the World Chess Federation site) the USCF site Tag Usage This tag is for questions about the standard two-player game on an 8x8 board: historical games, strategy, openings, and endgame, among other topics. Questions about related games, like Xiangqi (Chinese chess) and Shogi (Japanese chess), should not be tagged as chess. Diagrams Questions about a specific board position are much easier to answer with a diagram. To create a diagram, visit this site (or a similar one), set up the position you're asking about, and add the resulting image to your question. Chess Stack Exchange Site Detailed questions of fine points of chess strategy and tactics will likely be better answered on the chess.stackexchange.com , which has a much larger community of chess enthusiasts. Nevertheless, chess questions are also on-topic here, and many beginner/recreational questions will be answered well here. 
2889	boardgames	Chess is one of the most popular two-player strategy games. It has survived centuries of strategical analysis and continues to thrive amongst players of all skills and ages.
2890	boardgames	 You should still be purchasing mostly infantry to absorb the hits of your opponents. The difference is now, your additional purchases depend on your strategic posture. If you're satisfied "slugging it out" on this line with no intention of offense, you should purchase mostly infantry, and maybe a few tanks that will never be threatened by enemy fire. If, however, you'd like to maintain an offensive capability, you would purchase mostly infantry, and then many artillery in order to enable your infantry to be a credible threat on offense. A few tanks would still be called for, but again, only after enough infantry was available to reliably ensure that the tanks are safe. Essentially, think of tanks in Revised as "Light Fighters"; they provide some useful hard-hitting power, but you don't really want to risk losing them. Artillery is only really useful when you're transitioning (or want to be able to transition) to an offensive role with your infantry; on defense, pure infantry spam is still better. 
2891	boardgames	 The second installment in the dominion series, Intrigue series adds multi-type cards (like "Action - Victory") and more complex actions and attacks. It also includes the common cards from the base set like Copper and Provinces, so that it can be purchased and played as a stand-alone game. Its theme is choice; several cards require players to choose between options. Intrigue provides 25 new kingdom cards. The Dominion rules are extraordinarily comprehensive. For questions regarding how cards interact, if you can, check the individual card entries in the appropriate rulebook(s) and you'll probably find your answer there. A PDF of the Dominion: Intrigue rules is available here . 
2892	boardgames	The 2nd Dominion expansion, built around the theme of making choices.
2893	boardgames	 With this change, armor is severely weakened - the purchase cost is simply too high for something only slightly better than infantry. The only exception is if your factories are too far from your front or you are facing light defenses. In those cases, such as a large number of undefended territories near one of your factories, tanks additional movement can come in handy. It offsets their purchase cost significantly if your tanks seize two territories the turn after construction. Tanks are also marginally better if you are launching an amphibious attack, as you can get slightly more punch per transport (assuming 1 infantry + 1 tank per transport, which is what I believe they can carry in the current version) with a similarly more powerful defense for your beachhead. This problem disappears (somewhat) if you adjust the tank purchase cost to 4 OR up their movement to 3. I'd go with the purchase cost reduction, personally. 
2894	boardgames	
2895	boardgames	Tactics is the art of responding to specific situations as they appear and choosing the best course of action
2896	boardgames	 If you're looking for games that work well when you don't feel like being competitive, what about games that are by nature cooperative? Space Alert is absolutely fantastic in this arena, and it's a great combination of analytical, communicative, and pressure-handling skills: you need to work together with the other players to craft solutions to often-difficult problems quickly . Get one of those three wrong and you all die, which honestly is half the fun anyway. The instructions are a blast to read even if you don't plan to play the game (I didn't, until I was done with the rules!), and there are several ways to adjust the difficulty to a level you're happy with. Also worth noting in this sort of genre are Pandemic and Betrayal at House on the Hill . Both of these are good, cooperative games (though the latter generally becomes less cooperative when one of your number is randomly selected to betray the others). Personally I put Space Alert on top of the heap by a mile, but as a matter of taste you might find you prefer the others if you are really into deep analysis. NB Betrayal was reprinted recently, and the new edition is a lot shabbier: bits tend to warp and generally aren't as nice. But I understand it's a lot cheaper, and it's still perfectly playable, so make your own decision here about whether you look for an old edition. Edit: Apparently I completely overlooked the "only looking for competitive games" part of your question. I'll leave this here anyway, in case you aren't already aware of these. 
2897	boardgames	 Dominion works pretty well... just don't use any of the attack cards. FGU's Star Explorer (I have reason to believe it's soon to be reprinted by a new company) also works extremely well; it's multi-player limited interaction, race to complete missions. Ticket to Ride (any flavor) works pretty well as long as everyone's the same level of competitiveness. Carcassonne also tends to do well with friendly games, at least in most flavors; Carcassonne: The City tends to be a bit more competitive. 
2898	boardgames	 I also used the Mayday sleeves. I've conslidated Dominion and Intrigue into one box by removing the inserts, and putting each type of card into a snak-sized ziplock. I might be able to get one more box integrated in.... but will be tight. I was unable to get all of it in the tray, however, due to the coppers and curses no longer fitting their slots. Which is why I went to baggies. 
2899	boardgames	 I find several key elements in replayability in any game... Multiple routes to victory Multiple starting conditions Variable in-game activities Variable in-game events Variable action results Imperfect information Optional Rules Multiple Routes To Victory Multiple routes to victory is a key element in all games, not just cooperatives, and it can be assessed by reading the rulebooks for the victory conditions. Multiple Starting Conditions Multiple starting conditions means you don't always start the same. Parchisi and Chess are classic examples of one start condition, as is Axis and Allies. Risk, Shadows Over Camelot and Civilization are three different modes of variable starting conditions. In Risk, you have random allocation of starting countries. In Civilization, each picks their starting country, and then their starting space. In Shadows, you have a random assortment of starting white cards and one of 7 (or 8 or 16) characters with differential powers. In Flash Point, you have the option of fixed start for Family difficulty, or random start with any difficulty. The more non-random variability in starting condition, the more likely people are to find one optimal, and the more control they feel, but likewise, that also reduces replayability. The more random variability in starting condition, the more replayability, but also the more likely one is to be hampered by the random factors and be &quot;losing from the start.&quot; Again, this can usually be assessed by the combination of the component list and the rulebook. In Flash Point, it's possible to lose the game in the first round from bad luck; if you lose 4 or more of the victims on the map during the first two players' turns, it's game over before player 3 gets to play. I've nearly had this happen - in a 3 player game, we lost two victims on the first player's turn; they straddled a starting fire marker, and that marker was hit. Roughly a 1 in 100,000 chance, but it was in my 4th play. That this could happen was evident in the rulebook. In Game Activities The more different things that can be done, the more potential replayability... If you have but two options per turn, that tends to reduce replayability somewhat over a game with 4-5. (Too many eventually results in unplayability, tho'.) So, for example, in Shadows, one is either playing cards on a quest, playing cards on a siege engine, playing cards on a character, or moving between quests. Essentially, 4 options. Which, generally, hits my sweet spot for a board game. In Wizards (Avalon Hill), each turn is spend AP on movement and/or casting... but the movement options are many, and the spell options quite a few. In Flash Point, one is fighting fire or rescuing victims, with movement being required to do both. Only rescuing victims counts towards victory, but preventing collapse makes fighting fire a necessity. But there are several more actions listed; these are options relating to how to minimize travel time. This is readily determined by reading the rules. In-Game Events Things which happen to the player's position other than by choice. Well done events can be a bonus to the replayability. Poorly done ones are a hinderance. This is a hard one to judge without play; the quality and effect of the randomization (or lack thereof) can make or break a game; this is doubly true in cooperative games, where the competition is usually versus the events instead of the other players. This has to be determined by a study of the components and/or multiple plays. For cooperative games, this is where the meat of reviews really becomes important. Wizards has dozens of events, and uses a number of different random tables for them. Dragonriders of Pern has at least one event every turn: the threadfall card. It also has players draw special cards, some of which are events. These provide most of the randomness needed for the replayability of this game. Shadows over Camelot has the entire black deck... Flash Point has only two randomizations, but they happen a lot: where the fire spreads, and where the next &quot;point of interest&quot; (POI) appears. Spread is every turn. POI appearance is whenever a victim has been rescued, or a victim is killed, or a POI is revealed to be blank. Variable action results The more potential results of a given action, the more replayability. Generally, this is the result of randomizations in action resolution. In Shadows Over Camelot, this is the random strength on the quest black cards, and the die-roll of the siege engine. In Wizards, it's almost entirely die-rolls on tables. In Dragonriders of Pern, it's random die-rolls on both thread fighting and diplomacy. Flash Point has no variable results of decisions. All the random input is in where fire spreads, what's under the POI, and where POI's appear. Imperfect Information In a game with either variable setup or variable events, a lack of full knowledge tends to improve replayability. If taken too far, however, it impairs playability over all. The amount of information is usually readily determined from a rulebook; its effect on play, however, isn't. In Wizards, there's lots of imperfect information, but anything in play is perfect information. You don't know what's coming, but you know all that's on the board so far. In SoC, the imperfect information is extensive; what events are forthcoming, what cards your fellows have, who the traitor is. In fact, the major victory issue is reducing the uncertainties. If a group can readily reduce the uncertainties by consistent use of language without breaking the &quot;no game mechanics discussion rule,&quot; then the game is almost solved from the get go... reducing it to traitor hunt and race to complete quests in time. In the competetive coop Dragonriders of Pern, the imperfect information about thread fall next turn makes the game much more tense; one option that reduces that is having a visibile queue of thread cards. It strongly changes the way experienced players play it in both the coop thread fighting and competitive diplomacy phase. The lack of information by the dice also inhibits long term planning. In Flash Point, the information of the current state is almost perfect - the only thing you don't know is what a POI contains - it's either a victim or a blank. Future information is absent, since it's dependent upon random rolls and random draws. In the end... These factors combine to determine the most important singular qualifier: Interesting choices that have multiple non-loss directions. If you have an interesting choice, but one direction leads to loss, and the other to victory, once you learn the difference, the choice is no longer interesting. If the choice points are always the same and always have the same results, once you've explored them all, they become uninteresting. Of the four cooperative games I've mentioned (Shadows, Wizards, Dragonriders, Flash Point), I've found replayability a non-issue with any of them for infrequent plays. Shadows, the choices are too similar in any two plays to play twice in a row, but separated by some time, the game remains interesting, especially if one doesn't replay with the exact same group every time. Dragonriders, the game is a bit long, but the randomizations make the outcome in doubt right until the end, and despite very low starting variability, the high in-game variability makes the choices interesting and not a fixed-tree state. (It's also one of the few games that scales well 1-6 players) Wizards is even more wildly open. highly variable board, massive randomness in in game events and outcomes. It's also bloody hard, and competitive cooperative. Everyone has to cooperate against the board, or everyone loses; only one will in fact win, however, so there is some PVP action. Many of the choices are less than interesting, and there are up to a dozen trivial choices per turn; interesting choices are range from one per 10 turns (while on certain long tasks) to several in a turn. *Flash Point can be replayed in rapid succession, due to the high level of randomness coupled to near-perfect current state information. While there is only one victory condition, the challenge remains high. Optional Rules The inclusion of playtested optional rules also gives some games more replayability. Because they change some aspects of the rules, they also change the experience somewhat. Optional rules fall broadly into a few key areas: difficulty changes, thematic changes, and alternate conditions. An optional rule for difficulty change makes the game either harder or easier, while not changing much of the mechanics. A thematic change changes the thematic nature of the pieces, but often involves little to no change in game play. An alternate conditions option is a change in either how you start, or what constitutes a victory or a loss. Optional rules need to be looked at carefully - sometimes, they are added because the game isn't long-term replayable without them; in others, they're there because they enable the game to be attractive to a wider audience, but don't really affect replayability. Shadows has an alternate setup option called the &quot;Squires&quot; option that changes the beginning setup slightly. Likewise, it has an option for a pure co-op play, by not using the loyalty cards, and an option for a harder game by including two traitor cards plus a loyal card per player, and thus not knowing whether there are zero, one, or two traitors. Dragonriders has a solitaire variant with similar but not identical rules. It also has the 7 player variant with the Harper Hall as a player, whose victory condition is by kingmaking. Wizards has the option of changing the duration between evil advancing. Longer makes it easier to thwart evil, and shorter makes it harder. Further, how many tasks must be completed to thwart evil may be changed, also affecting difficulty. Flash Point has a &quot;Family Game&quot; and an &quot;Experienced Game&quot; both in the basic rules. The family game is a fixed setup, and is simplified rules. The experienced game adds a number of additional mechanical complexities, including three difficulty levels, and is presented as a second section of the rulebook. A third section includes optional rules, including piecemeal adoption of the advanced game mechanics into the Family Game, and explicit permission to house-rule one's own additions to the game. The only option I've used is mixing in some of the expanded game into the basic game. 
2900	boardgames	 I have to go in the opposite direction of the other answers and say that artillery isn't very useful. If you run sims to try and flesh out what is the optimal mix, you will probably find that using artillery is better. However I found that when actually playing the game, tanks have at least 3 significant advantages over artillery. Retaining their offensive power When attacking a territory that is well defended, you can count on losing a lot of infantry. Since the third point for offensive power of artillery is dependent on having an accompanying infantry piece, your forces will lose significant offensive power when you start losing those pieces. Since tanks aren't dependent on the infantry, you will retain your offensive power longer. While this is covered in the simulations, it is important to realize that the simulations favor artillery if you limit the size of the forces by IPCs. If you limit your forces by number of units, tanks fare significantly better than artillery because they retain their power. Gauging power by IPCs makes sense if you are talking about land battles in Europe, Asia and Africa. However if you are doing amphibious assaults(or your supply of troops comes from the sea) you are going to be limited by the number of transports and therefore the number of ground troops. When you have a navy offshore worth 100 IPCs and another 50 IPCs of aircraft supporting the invasion, I don't think it makes much sense to decrease your ground power just to save 2 or 3 IPCs(especially if you are losing planes to keep the last ground troop alive). Increased defense In my experience the main challenge isn't taking a territory but actually holding on to it. While artillery give a boost to offensive power, that extra IPC doesn't do anything for you when defending. Since tanks defend on 3, they also give an added boost for defense. Moving 2 Spaces/Blitzing This is the most important advantage. While it is not very important in some theaters, it is critical in the Germany/Russia land war. Artillery will take 1-2 turns longer to get where they need to be than tanks. While the math may show artillery is optimal in these battles, they won't have any value if they're not at the battle. When I'm playing that theater, I will often purchase a couple turns of infantry, then tanks then fighters and bombers. I try to time it so that when the main battle is fought, all the units from previous turns will be able to participate. If you are running with an optimized infantry/artillery mix, the player on defense is going to have several more turns worth of units in the battle. While you may purchase a 15 IPC industrial complex in one of the 3 IPC territories to counteract this, it will still take 5 turns of purchasing artillery before you break even and those artillery will still have the above disadvantages. Summary I get the impression that you are looking more for a math oriented answer to what the optimal ground forces are. My general point is that there is no optimal mixture because everything is too dependent on the situation. A math based solution isn't capable of taking into account: the possibility(and costs) of the opponent's counterattack how long it takes to move your forces into position the added value of the territory you are conquering(and the loss of it from your opponent) the time component(since territories generate IPCs, they are more valuable if conquered sooner than later) and probably a bunch of others I haven't thought of 
2901	boardgames	 We've got our hands on an old Destruct 3 game that came without any rules. We contacted the makers (Uncle Skunkle), but oddly enough, they wouldn't send us the rules without documentation of where we got the game. We've made up some rules of our own, but they're not entirely satisfying. Anyone know the real rules, or where we can get them without any paperwork? 
2902	boardgames	 This might help. Although it's only a review, it does explain a lot about the scoring and building rules. There obviously are a few rules that are missing (ie. how the dice work). I assume you do not have any kind of shop receipt for the game. You could suggest to them that you could send them a picture of the game to prove you actually have it. They could describe a specific setup for you to replicate so you can't just pick a picture off the web. 
2903	boardgames	 The island of Catan is made of hexagonal tiles which produce specific resources needed during the game. Three or four players (up to 6 with the extension) build settlements and roads on the corners of these tiles gather the resources. Eventually, they each build a little empire, upgrading settlements to cities, buying development cards, and playing soldiers to fend off the marauding robber. The first one to reach 10 victory points wins. Playtime is usually 90-120 minutes. Getting resources is dependent on the placement of one's settlements and the roll of the dice, so it is often necessary to trade with other players (or the "old world" at predetermined ratios) in order to obtain the desired advancements. There are four expansions for the game: seafarers-of-catan adds ships and the possibility more complex board layouts including multiple islands. catan-cities-and-knights expands trade, adds secondary resources, reworks the development deck into 3 different progress areas, introduces barbarians that launch assaults on all of Catan and the knights used to defend against them. catan-traders-barbarians expands the barbarians mechanic and further expands trade. catan-explorers-pirates adds the concept of additional islands. Additionally, there are extensions for the base game and the expansions to support up to 6 players. There are also a number of spin-offs: starfarers-of-catan , starship-catan , catan-card-game Originally released in Germany in 1995, Settlers of Catan is immensely popular and is many people's first introduction to "designer" board games. 
2904	boardgames	Three or four players (up to 6 with the extension) play against each other to create the most prestigious settlement on the island of Catan, rolling dice to collect resources to build roads, towns, cities and other advancements. (90-120 minute playtime)
2905	boardgames	 A strategic colony building game (about 90 to 150 minutes) where players build a Caribbean plantation and gain victory points for shipping goods back to the old world. Out of the box, the game is for three to five players, but an official two player variant exists . The game revolves around the "variable phase order" mechanic where every player selects a general action to be taken by everyone while gaining a specific temporary privilege himself. Players take turns choosing among the available roles - each granting a special privilege to the chooser and a general action to every player: Settler - Establishing a quarry to simplify building construction or a plantation to produce raw goods Builder - Build a processing plant to produce refined (shippable) goods or a special building granting special abilities Mayor - Bringing in colonists to man the plantations and buildings Craftsman - Producing goods Trader - Selling goods at the local market for gold Captain - Shipping goods to the old world for victory points Prospector - Gaining one doubloon from the bank 
2906	boardgames	A strategic colony building game where you build a Caribbean plantation and gain victory points for shipping goods back to the old world. Out of the box, the game is for three to five players, but an official two player variant exists. The game revolves around the "variable phase order" mechanic--every player selects a general action to be taken by everyone while gaining a specific temporary privilege himself.
2907	boardgames	 Players plant beans in their fields and harvest them for gold coins. Because they can only grow 2 (later 3) kinds of beans simultaneously, you need to carefully manage your fields. Player hands are frozen cards are always played from the left and added to the right. The only way to manage your hand is through constant negotiation with other players. 
2908	boardgames	A card game for 3 to 7 people where players try to earn money by planting and trading different beans. Players are unable to order the hand so a keen talent for negotiation is the only way ensure your hand works for you instead of against you.
2912	boardgames	 Scrabble Scrabble is a nice choice because if nobody is playing defensively, then people just get to build longer/more fun words. If your family won't cringe that Mom just opened up the triple word score for one of the kids then it can be a nice casual multi-player game. 
2914	boardgames	 Card sleeves originated from trading card games where decks do not consist of standardized cheap cards but can be difficult and expensive to obtain. Today sleeves are also available for other games that use large numbers of heavily customized cards. Especially when the complete game is expensive to difficult to obtain it becomes much more economic to protect the cards than to try and replace individual cards if they become damaged. Also in competitive environments card sleeves with opaque backs are often used to prevent marking of cards or keep cards indistinguishable even if wear and tear made some of them recognizable. 
2915	boardgames	Plastic card sleeves are devices used to protect playing cards from damage.
2916	boardgames	
2917	boardgames	Dog / Tock is a cross and circle game for 2 to 4 players (occasionally up to 6) where pawns are moved by playing cards instead of rolling dice. The game can be played in a "free for all" manner or as a team based variant for 2, 4 or 6 players in teams of 2 or 3.
2918	boardgames	 I have a situation where a player chooses the Trader because it has 5 coins even though he has nothing to sell in the trading house. Can he do it? 
2919	boardgames	 Definitely Choosing a role merely for it's privilege is a perfectly valid move. It may not always be wise to choose a role you cannot fully take advantage of but if you are really short on cash such a trade off may be warranted... 
2920	boardgames	 Taken from the rules: Implementing the action of a character is voluntary (exception: Captain) Note: You can still choose Captain if you have no goods, the exception just means that if you pull Captain and have goods, you have to ship. 
2921	boardgames	 While the World Boardgaming Championships have Puerto Rico data posted online, I couldn't find the same stats for Settlers, BUT I think you could get ahold of the gamemaster and he probably has them. Settlers link here . 
2922	boardgames	 If only one prospector is chosen during a round, does the other one get a coin placed on it? 
2923	boardgames	 Yes. Any role not chosen at the end of the round gets a coin placed on it. I can't find the official rules online, but I can point you to the Universal Head rules summary , which says, under "Reset the Roles": Place one doubloon on each of the three role cards not chosen this round and then return all role cards. 
2924	boardgames	 Yes , From the rules , pg7 under "A new round ..." Now, the governor takes three doubloons from the bank, placing one each on the three role cards that were not selected during the round. 
2926	boardgames	 Yes, Tide of Iron affects Klaks Infernal artifact since it's treated as a monster. 
2927	boardgames	 Adam did an awesome job of answering, so I won't repeat anything he mentioned there, but there's 2 things I want to add. I like mixing regular strip shuffles with the variant where you pick up most of the deck like normal, but instead of depositing cards with a chopping motion on one side of the cards only, alternate the side you put the cards on by flipping the growing pile back and forth with your fingers. This tends to mix things up a little better, and its pretty fun to do. I also use a method where you pick up 90% of the deck like you were going to strip, but instead of chopping the cards into your other hand, gradually reduce the pressure of your thumb and middle finger holding the cards above your hand. This will cause some cards to fall into your hand in a somewhat random order as they can fall from the middle, front, or back. This results in a sort of combination of the effects of striping to cycle cards around and rippling to reduce cards keeping the exact same order through the shuffle. As with any single shuffling technique, I wouldn't use it exclusively if you want the best results. :) 
2928	boardgames	 We're planning a camping holiday and are expecting to be outside for a fair amount of it. Most of the board games we enjoy have lots of small pieces, or require cards to be displayed on the table. Are there any Eurogames that would stand up to a strong gust of wind? 
2930	boardgames	 As you've realized yourself games with light parts will be susceptible to wind. This is difficult to answer as it always depends on the strength of the wind but let me try... Blokus - By the time those tiles fly off the board you probably don't want to play outside anymore anyway... Mesopotamia - Might be borderline with the wooden pieces but the board itself should hold together well enough. Bohnanza - There are cards but with some stones or other items on top they should stay put. Tavel variants of games - Most of them will have pieces that are either magnetic or get stuck into the board. Amazing Labyrinth - Aside from the treasure cards there shouldn't be much of a problem. Trick taking card games - Not really euro games but since the cards don't stay on display for long they should work quite well. 
2931	boardgames	 The Climbers - Doesn't involve any cards or lightweight pieces that can fly away. You build a large mountain ouf sturdy wooden blocks that have six differently colored sides. Pawns can only travel on their same color or neutral gray, with the objective of reaching the highest point. You get to pick up pieces of the mountain, changing their placement and orientation to allow for more moves, but at no point does it get into a situation where playing outside would be a problem. In fact, this game benefits from being able to take a look at the mountain from all angles, and people may be more willing to get up on their feet to consider moves than they would being glued to a dining room chair at a big table. 
2932	boardgames	 Other than looking for particular games, you can look for ways to play your current games outside. Replace paper money with poker chips Use small figurines or pewter pieces instead of lightweight pawns Place the board inside of a larger container/box so that pieces will not fall into the grass Paper weights (or your legs) can keep cards pinned down Bring rain prevention gear; standard board game boxes don't like getting wet Other tips: Remind people to play more casual; the environment will be different and that should feel good not stressful Feel comfortable asking people for information. Don't make people lean over everything to read what is before you; just tell them when they want to know If people seem more interested in running around playing frisbee or exploring that is okay ; board games are great fun but don't pressure people into playing them 
2933	boardgames	 Puzzle Strike works well outside since the chips are much less susceptible to wind than cards in similar deck-building games (like Dominion). 
2934	boardgames	 Travel Editions There are travel editions of some very good boardgames that are specifically designed to have more durable board states than the standard games. For example... Settlers of Catan plays 3 or 4 Ingenious plays 2 I've played the Ticket to Ride Card Game on a train - I think you could probably manage it outdoors, if you had a card table or something. A bungee cord strapped across each face of the tabletop could help everyone secure their cards and could be used to secure boards for games that have pieces substantial enough to survive some breezes. I'm not sure if it's a "Eurogame", but Abalone is an abstract with substantial, heavy pieces. At least, my '80s vintage edition is. Dice games might be a good choice. Zombie Dice would be a great choice for a quick game outside, especially after a few beers have dulled everyone's strategic minds a bit. But Roll Through the Ages is an excellent game by any standard! I've only played the iPhone implementation, but game state is maintained with pegs, not pieces, so it should naturally be wind-resistant: 
2935	boardgames	
2936	boardgames	A classic war-game in which players try to conquer the world through military might. Players get reinforcement bonuses for conquering entire continents. Combat is ruled mostly by dice.
2937	boardgames	 A popular poker game in which each player has 2 cards of their own that they must combine with 5 communal cards to make the best hand possible. While most poker questions are on-topic here, there's a dedicated Poker Stack Exchange as well. 
2938	boardgames	A popular poker game in which each player has 2 cards of their own that they must combine with 5 communal cards to make the best hand possible. While most poker questions are on-topic here, there's a dedicated Poker Stack Exchange as well.
2939	boardgames	
2940	boardgames	A card game where players seek to build the most impressive districts in their cities. At the beginning of each round, players pass the character deck and secretly choose a character that grants them certain special abilities.
2941	boardgames	 This is only slightly related in that none of these games would work as a benchmark, but Puerto Rico , San Juan and Race for the Galaxy more or less fit the "ported" description. The latter two were created as card game "ports" of Puerto Rico. The main reason I mention this is that the game system itself is often the greatest factor in what makes the game playable or fun. I do not have personal experience with any of the systems you mentioned but it seems that any benchmark game that crosses game systems is going to have a rough time being complicated enough to be interesting while simple enough to port recognizably. In the case of Puerto Rico and Race for the Galaxy, the core mechanics are similar enough to see a connection but I really don't see them as similar games. (I have not played San Juan.) Other games have certainly been ported -- generally they convert from board game to card game ( Monopoly , Settlers of Catan ). Conversions from computer games to board games has happened ( World of Warcraft ; WoW TCG ). Spin-offs may also offer some insight toward successful translations of mechanics ( Carcassonne and its kin). The numerous requests and fan variants for solitaire rules for board games is another place to look for altered systems and mechanics. 
2942	boardgames	 As my board game collection grows and wears down, I find myself curious about efficiencies that can be made when hauling games around from place to place. The first time I realized that you could simply improve on the shipped components was replacing all paper money with poker chips. What are some other good ways to improve upon some of the lesser quality game components included in board games? Specific side-questions: What components can be completely replaced/improved? What are some ways to reduce the storage/carrying impact of games? Is it wise to start condensing games? 
2943	boardgames	 Games that have developed a strong professional circuit generally consider resignation a courteous behavior. Some consider not resigning discourteous. This question is about the rest of board gaming: When (if ever) is resigning acceptable? 
2944	boardgames	 It is well-known that there are disparities between the strength of various seats in Puerto Rico. How do tournaments deal with this? Please give details. I know that some competitions use bidding systems, but I haven't seen any specifics on how they work. 
2945	boardgames	 I would say that resignation is perfectly acceptable as long as 1) It was preceded by a good-faith effort to play optimally. 2) All parties who are affected by the resignation agree on its timeliness. The only times I feel a resignation is discourteous is when it negatively impacts people who were depending on your continued presence; for example, if Japan were to unilaterally resign from a game of Axis &amp; Allies despite the objection of Germany. 
2946	boardgames	 Say I have a hand like follows: Estate, Upgrade, Upgrade, Estate, Copper. 1 card in Draw pile. I play Upgrade (+1 card, +1 action) -&gt; Draw the last card from my Draw pile -&gt; Trash Estate from my hand and gain a Silver card. This silver card goes into discard. So far so good. Now, I play my second Upgrade. Since there's no card in my Draw pile, I need to shuffle my Discard pile. Do I shuffle my silver card that I just gained or does do I leave it in the "discard-of-the-current-turn" pile. The general question is, if I need to shuffle my discard, do I shuffle all cards that I gained during the current turn? I know that I do not shuffle cards that I have set aside. 
2947	boardgames	 You include the card you just gained when re-shuffling. There is only one discard pile. Cards that are set aside or revealed do not get re-shuffled until they are placed in the the discard pile as specified by the specific card. Quotes from the rulebook : "Gain” – when a player gains a card, he takes the gained card (usually from the Supply) and puts it onto his Discard pile (unless the card says to put it elsewhere). The player does not get to use the card when he gains it. A player places cards he Buys or otherwise acquires during the game on his Discard pile unless he is specifically directed to place them elsewhere. 
2948	boardgames	 Many people I've played with have a "See it through to the bitter end" mentality. Especially for some of the longer games, like Advanced Civilization, Pax Britannica, and Supremacy. Then again, in those, the game is multi-player, and one player dropping out will drastically alter the flow of play; further, all three have victory conditions that can change the apparent leader to a loser in even the last turn. I see nothing wrong with offering a resignation, but I also often see it as discourteous to simply walk away. My usual experience with resignations in long games is one of two situations: Player has to leave for work. Generally, if this was known before hand, no big deal. Player is frustrated, losing, and a jerk; player scatters pieces and/or flips board. On the other hand, while no one I've played with saw offering to resign as inherently discourteous, neither was it discourteous to ask the attempting to resign player to play it out in multi-player games. 
2949	boardgames	 As the question notes, Poker Chips in place of money is quite viable. I don't remove the money, just leave it bagged in the box. Gaming stones or poker chips can be used to track victory points as well. On some sports games, counters or standups are replaced with meeples or minis readily. I've found that meeples fit beautifully on the Crash Tackle board, for example. Any game using a pawn or meeple can usually be replaced with nice minis. Any game using cardboard stand-ups is readily able to use minis in place of the stand-ups. Condensing Components The issue of condensing depends a lot on how you play. Putting all one's Ticket To Ride games in one box simply means not being able to sell them off separately; the component overlap is quite high. Putting all one's 18xx games in one box, however, may result in a jumbled mess. Putting all one's Dominion cards in one box is rapidly approaching impossible, but since the core boxes are equipped with decent organizer trays... it really isn't a superior approach, aside from issues of volume. Many card-only games can be readily condensed down to just a zipper-bagged set of cards and the rules. The typical condensation level apparently is a game and its own expansions. My Carcassonne box can't hold anything more, but has in it: Carc., River I &amp; II, Inns &amp; Cathedrals, Traders and Builders, Tower, Count, Princess &amp; Dragon, King, and one other small one. The Tower literally is filled with all the tiles. 
2950	boardgames	 Here's how they did it at the 2010 World Boardgaming Championships and at EuroQuest : BIDDING FOR SEAT POSITION, STARTING WITH THE QUARTER-FINALS: Starting with the quarter-final round games and continuing in the semi-finals and Final game, we will use mandatory bidding for all four seats. It will work as follows: Each player will randomly draw a random plantation tile (using the trading house values) to determine who bids first. For bidding in the semi-final round games, anyone advancing with a second place finish in the quarterfinals must pick last at his/her table (and hence will be assigned the lowest valued plantation). Similarly, anyone advancing to the quarterfinal round games with fewer wins will be assigned lower valued plantations than those with more wins, who shall be assigned higher valued plantations and therefore be among the first to bid. Going around in plantation order value (coffee goes first), each player will place a matching plantation tile on a bid value ranging from 0 to 5.0 VP (in increments of 0.5 VP) on a chart to be furnished by the GM. Bids may be zero but in all instances must be higher than any previous bids for a particular seat. Any player who has been outbid will have his/her marker removed and will, when his or her turn comes, bid again--either a higher value for the same seat or a different amount for another seat. A player whose bid is not topped by another bid does not get another bid -- instead the bidding goes around to the next player without a bid marker in play. The process continues until all players' bid markers are on a different seat, with the resulting bid representing the VP handicap to be assigned for that particular game. These VP handicaps will be noted at the top of the particular seat position (1, 2, 3 or 4) on the scoresheet above the player's name and will be subtracted from that player's VP total at the end of the game. 
2951	boardgames	 We usually did settlers of catan at the last place I worked at, although our group was limited up to six people. Always good for quickly killing off an hour. 
2952	boardgames	 That's funny, I was going to use A&amp;A as a perfect example of a game where I would consider it very rude not to resign, although I was thinking about the Axis or Allied players retiring together as a group--I agree that one member of an alliance resigning unilaterally would be in very bad taste. The criterion I use is that a player should resign when it's obvious that the victor is obvious but that achieving the stated victory conditions will take a long time. A&amp;A is the quintessential example because of how hard it is to captured the "island" of Japan, Great Britian, and North America. 
2953	boardgames	 It depends on the type of game: In a game between two players , I would encourage resigning. In a game between more players , it depends on the game: If the game has rules for resigning, or players can agree on a set of rules, resigning should be allowed. However, if resigning would spoil the game for any of the other players, all players should be encouraged to play out the entire game. Option 1 is easy: when you're playing chess, there is more honor (and a sign that you atleast understand the game of your opponent) in seeing when you are lost, then in playing on and hoping the other person will make a mistake. When I see I'm lost and I'm sure the other person knows he's won, I will usually resign. Unless when I want to learn from the other player, in which case I'll say "I know you've won, but I want to strengthen my endgame for a bit by watching how you do it" or something like that. Option 2: for example in Monopoly, a resigning player could just donate his property to the bank, if the other players agree. But there might be cases where the other players don't agree, for instance when the quitting player will probably be hitting one player's hotels the next turn - the other player may feel his odds of winning decrease when the player goes. One small tip: if you do insist the game is played to the bitter end, take away the bitter . Grab something to drink and/or to munch on, make jokes, have a conversation. Thank the player for continuing to play, apologize that he still has to play but explain that this allows the other players to end the game as it is supposed to be played. 
2955	boardgames	 Here is the wording on my Party Bonus card... If someone has the Party on the table, all players may Draw 1 extra card and may Play 1 extra card during their turns. It's the word "may" that's throwing me off. With most of the other new rule cards that I've looked at, the description is very clear that you must do what it says. In this case, however, it seems to be left open to the player's discretion. EDIT I guess the other part that throws me off is that I read through all of the new rule cards and found that the Rich Bonus and Poor Bonus are inconsistent on the same subject. Only the Rich Bonus one says "may." The Poor Bonus is worded as though it's mandatory. 
2956	boardgames	 Does the "Deputy of Arkham" card count as an item, for the purposes of counting up your total items when forced to lose half your items? 
2957	boardgames	 The Hound of Tindalos says that it automatically moves to the closest investigator. Which investigator does it target in the case of two equidistant investigators in different locations? 
2958	boardgames	 Per the FAQ : Q: Who determines where a Hound of Tindalos moves if two investigators are tied in being nearest to the hound? A: As per the rules governing flying monsters, the hound will go after the investigator with the lower Sneak value. In case of a tie, the first player chooses. 
2959	boardgames	 No, it does not count as an item The Rules , page 16 note on the middle of the right hand column: Important: When adding up items before discarding them, count all Common Items, Unique Items, and Spells. In addition, the Deputy’s Revolver and the Patrol Wagon both count as items. Allies, Skills, and other cards do not count towards this total. Since &quot;Deputy of Arkham&quot; falls under &quot;other cards&quot;, it does not count when adding up items. 
2960	boardgames	 Are there any rules (official or otherwise) that would govern trying to string together multiple games of Arkham Horror into some sort of a campaign structure? The idea would be for the investigators to retain some of their capabilities from game to game, and the game itself would have to ramp up in difficulty in some manner to compensate. 
2961	boardgames	 You may want to check out Arkham Investigations on some alternate rules on creating "modules" for Arkham. I think each module is self-contained, but you may want to pull some ideas from here on ramping up the difficulty. 
2962	boardgames	 This may not be exactly what you're looking for, but check out the Scenarios FFG created for League play ( here's a link to information about them on the Arkham Horror Wiki ). They do ramp up in difficulty, and the Spanish league scenarios have a continuing story. I'm sure you could easily adapt things so that your characters grow and develop through the games, perhaps by adjusting some of the stats or giving bonuses based on how the investigators "performed" in the previous scenario? 
2963	boardgames	 May is optional. While I could find no direct rules citation there is this question from the Rabbit Wiki : Q: When a card states that you &quot;may&quot; play 1 extra card (e.g., Rich Bonus or Party Bonus), and inflation is in play, it is treated as you may play 2 extra cards. Does this mean that you have to choose between playing 0 and playing 2, or can you also play only 1? A: It's either zero or two. There is no one. The answer clearly indicates that may is optional. 
2966	boardgames	 Last night it took me nearly 10 minutes to get a game from the bottom of my current stack of games and put everything back. I'm convinced that stacking my board games on top of each other is no longer a reasonable solution, and is actually one thing preventing me from playing games as often as I'd like. Ideally it should be as easy to get a game out and set up as it is to turn on the TV, and while I can't realize that situation yet, I would at least like to get a little closer. I'm planning on storing my boxed games on edge, with the internals separated in baggies, but this leads me to a few questions, which you will hopefully have a solution for: Games in long thin boxes, such as monopoly and clue, tend to open if there's not enough pressure on the top and bottom, making removal difficult and/or tricky (incompatible with children) and causing them to spill their contents. Rubber bands slip off, break, and interfere with removing boxes from the shelf. Do I have any options here, or do I need to give up on storing games like I store books? Limited space means I can't have a shelf for each size of game box. What are some good organization strategies or techniques so games are easy to find, and fit well next to each other despite widely varying dimensions? What other organization strategies should I consider, or is there a way to use the stacking method while allowing games to be easy to remove and put away? 
2967	boardgames	 I've also been trying to fit more board games in less space recently. Some notes so far: The modern medium-square-box style of game works fine on the side in a bookcase; e.g. pretty much anything by Fantasy Flight or Days of Wonder. Catan and similar smaller boxes will work OK even on their end. Old-style flat/thin boxes (Monopoly etc.) really don't side-stack well. (But frankly, they're also often inferior to modern game designs, so I don't mind leaving them at the bottom of a pile.) Other games pile really well sideways on top of a Monopoly box. If you're strong: Monopoly and Clue can go at the bottom, be pulled out sideways, and then the one you didn't play be lifted up along with all games on top of it to slide your chosen game back in underneath. A lot of older games have bigger boxes than they need. If you don't care about resale value, your Monopoly and Clue sets will fit just fine in the Monopoly box. (If you're not bothered at all by losing the boxes, consider just getting a bunch of clear plastic boxes which do stack and repacking all your games in them. Add some sticky labels on the sides and you're done.) In limited space, start by packing the biggest games in a corner first, then work outward. This makes the larger games less accessible - but they're often also the longest, least-often-played. If rubber bands aren't working for you, try a long strip of velcro fastener... usually comes in the form of a long fuzzy strip with velcro on the end. It'll wrap around the box and seal to itself. If you play any small pub card games (e.g. anything by Cheapass or Looney Labs), get a single case you can carry easily to fit them all in. (I've got all my small card games and Icehouse pieces packed in a single old vanity case. Not only compact, but easy to take to the pub.) My hints on internal organisation of the games: Plastic baggies are OK for games with few counters, but clumsy for many. Any craft shop will carry subdivided plastic trays in various sizes, intended for storing beads and the like. They work very well for storing counters. (For example, my Galactica set has the boards underneath with a plastic box on top with all counters and pieces divided by type, and the decks of cards lying rubber-banded alongside. All expansions fit neatly in the original box and we don't have to sort out the pieces before play, just take out the storage box and leave it by the board.) Card decks rubber-band just fine. (Leave a couple of spare rubber bands in the game box for those moments when they snap.) Consider preferring games with good storage trays built in! (Small World and Dominion spring to mind.) 
2968	boardgames	 To people who play Arkham Horror, there is known to some an application called Strange Eons. This program helps players create their own game content. It is hoped that Strange Eons will at some point support MoM as well. Then people will be able to write their own stories, with their own unique story elements. Until then, producing your own scenarios would present an inordinate amount of work. 
2970	boardgames	 Many groups of gamers will eventually attract potential game designers. I love testing games or playing with mechanics and enjoy play testing or theory crafting. But a good boardgamer does not a designer make and I find that most ideas are terrible or have already been done a few times. This also encompasses most of the fan variants and expansions for games. People, generally speaking, have no idea how to make a game. Unfortunately, I have problems being too direct or speaking in wild absolutes. This tends to make these potential designers (who are often friends I would like to keep) offended or defensive. This question boils down into two parts: How can I explain my objections or concerns clearly without being too direct or aggressive? What are these potential designers actually expecting from me? Am I putting myself on too high a pedestal in thinking they want me to respond as I have been? 
2971	boardgames	 My tips: Understand the expectations. Is your friend asking you to playtest, debug, and improve the game with critical feedback? Or does he think it's great already, and just wants to play it with you? Ask him what he wants from you before playing, even! State your criticisms as opinions where possible. Instead of "this is a bad mechanic" try to go for "I don't personally like this mechanic because of X". Even if you think that EVERY right-thinking gamer will share your opinion of the mechanic it's ultimately your view of the situation, and stating it that way instead of as an absolute is a less confrontational path. Instead of just criticizing elements you don't like, dig down into them. Ask questions and try to find out why your buddy used that element in the first place. What was the goal of that element of the design? What "feel" is it supposed to evoke? Heck, sometimes this kind of digging will reveal to them that they don't HAVE an answer for these questions, making the element's weakness clear. Upon re-reading I see that my tips are largely things you already acknowledge as the problems (knowing the expectations, avoiding wild absolutes) but perhaps this will help to some degree regardless. 
2972	boardgames	 Storing on side? Being an old-school wargamer, three things come immediately to mind: Counter Trays Ziplock Baggies Box Bands There used to be plastic vacuformed couter trays (with lids) available; probably still are. Other equivalents are small plano boxes, and sewing organizers, many of which will work, as well, for keeping bits organized. Ziplocks, in assorted sizes. Jewelry sized (3x4"), snack sized, and sandwich sized give you lots of storage options with little overage and space waste. Stuff in ziplocks will slide within, but won't mix-n-mingle. Box bands come in several types... one is just a large rubber band. Better quality are the genuine "Box Bands" which make an X shape. Also, one can make short sleeves from paper, transparency sheet, or light card; glue or tape these into a 3" wide sleeve, and it will keep the box from opening while on the shelf. Tyvek also has been used for sleeving boxes; it works great, and you might be able to get some scrap from a construction site that's more than large enough for banding boxes. For the more esoteric stuff: if the bits won't survive sliding about, it may be time to adjust an insert. If the insert holds stuff nicely, but the lid doesn't hold stuff down into the insert, but you have the counter sprues, see if putting them under the insert holds it up enough. If not, buy some self-expanding insulation spray foam. Measure how much lift you need to secure the bits tray against the lit. Empty and remove the insert. fill the back of the insert to an even layer in stages; leave a bit of space. Using masking tape, raise the edge of the insert the needed amount, then fill to that level, and trim. Let dry thoroughly. Place back in box, load, lid, and test. Then, finally, make a box band to hold the lid on. Some bits trays just badly suck... for those, replacement is the best option.If good with papercrafts, one can make card dividers, full height of the box less the rulebook's thickness. I've friends who've done this; me, I'm not a papercrafts-person. One can also buy sheets of sponge-foam. Cut to size, and using a really sharp knife, cut slots. If you want a smooth finish, cut every slot 1/16" thicker than desired, and then paint (while empty but assembled, and nowhere near the box!) with wall paints, latex &amp;/or acrylic... this seals up the pores, and provides a plastic or latex shell; use several thin coats to avoid wicking deep. (I've done this for instrument case repairs, and for minis storage. The latex acrylic was an accidental discovery...) Oh, and for reference, insul-foaming an insert makes it MUCH more rigid. It adds some weight, but it also means an insert that will last for YEARS. 
2973	boardgames	 I store all my tiles in the assembled Tower, tower in the draw bag, and first thing put back in the box. All the meeples in snack sized ziplocks, nestled around it, and the odd bits (Count's castle, River/River II) in ziplocks as well. 
2974	boardgames	 I'm looking for some card trays for a game I've been designing. Ideally, they would be six-slot trays that hold standard playing card sized cards. In my mind, they are similar in appearance and quality to the trays that are used to hold money in monopoly. I've found some things that are similar, but nothing exactly like that. I'd need one for each player. Any recommended resources for something like that? My best solution right now is pillaging thrift store games. This could be expanded into a broader question - what are the best websites and box stores for buying game-making materials? Something like this tray is what I'm looking for: 
2975	boardgames	 Include a list of things you do and don't like about the design, rather than just the bad. Put it in writing; edit it, and reread it after writing it but before delivering it. Be prepared to explain in more detail, but don't be over-detailed in your initial list. Don't be confrontational; it just makes life harder. 
2976	boardgames	 Without parameters on shape, size, and cost, it's difficult to give a good answer. However, if it were my game and I needed 4-5 6-slot horizontal card slots, I would consider making them out of folded cardboard. With a little trial and error it should be simple to shape what you need from 7x3 (21) horizontal folds, and 3 vertical folds with 2-4 tabs to keep the shape. If you want plastic, you likely want to purchase your own vacuum former. Hobby versions can be had for as little as $120 (plus materials). They work by laying a piece of plastic over a mold you create to form any plastic shape you want. Random site selling a former 
2977	boardgames	 It seems like you didn't really seem to have much of a problem buying cards, you were merely surprised that he was able to win using the victory tokens. So did it really make it un-fun? Is goons broken? I mean the attack is nowhere near as ruinous as Witch/Mountebank/Pirate Ship/Sea Hag. Sure its a great card, but there are definitely ways to work around it, and it generally isn't an auto-buy unless you can make use of the +buy and/or have +actions. So I can't really justify "banning" it unless you just don't like attack cards in general. For instance, spending time trashing cards really isn't that efficient against mass goons, because you could just keep the junk and discard it. So maybe it might have been more effective to get a different 5 cost card rather than trading post and make use of that secret chamber you mentioned. The bottom line is, ya goons is great, but for a 6 cost card, it only gives 2 buying power, and the attack is average. It is basically a militia for 6 that trades what could have been more buying power for some victory tokens for the end game. I definitely wouldn't leave it under the card tray where pirate ship is. 
2978	boardgames	 I've played my first real BSG game last week with three players and the humans got wiped out before we even jumped once... I did some calculations to figure out if things get easier or harder with more players. What I found out made me wonder how player manage to beat the crisis cards at all. Average difficulty of a crisis is 9.95 points. Average value of a skill card is 2.14 points. Average chance of a skill check in a crisis card is 58.6%. Every human player gets 5 cards in his turn. Every cylon player gets 2 cards in his turn (when revealed). Assuming every card can be put to good use in a skill check we can calculate the amount of points the humans can field and the amount of points the cylons can field in every full round (where every player had his turn). The difference is the amount of points in favor of the humans. That divided by the number of players and 58.6% is the amount of points in favor of the humans per skill check. Depending on the number of players/cylons the points in favor of the humans are: Aside from the best case scenario at 3:1 there is no situation where it reaches the average of 9.95 points per skill check. The destiny deck is roughly balanced (average of -0.1 points per check) so we can ignore this. Conclusion: Aside from somehow drawing more cards the humans cannot win every skill check even if they were to play their cards perfectly. Question: So how should the humans approach the skill checks on the crisis cards to win as much as possible? Option 1: Discuss which ones to fail and which ones to beat. Doesn't work so well since the cylons will also know when they need to fight a check and when they can save their cards. Thus the ratio of cards remains the same. Option 2: Use XO's exclusively to draw additional cards. One additional card per turn would be enough statistically. Option 3: Try to undercut every crisis just a little in the hopes that the destiny deck will make at least some of them pass... Other Options? 
2979	boardgames	 Are you looking for something similar to the card trays from Rack-O ? I believe Rack-O sets come with four of these and are pretty cheap. 
2980	boardgames	 In our games we frequently don't attempt to pass some crises - either because we're pretty sure we don't have the cards to do it (so why waste what we do have) - or because the Fail result of the Crisis isn't that bad. Using XOs in general is good, of course, and the humans should use them wherever possible - I wouldn't use them exclusively to draw cards, but on occasion that's useful. There are also a few extra ways to manipulate skill checks: Declare Emergency can lower the difficulty of a skill check by 2 Boomer can auto-pass a skill check once per game 
2981	boardgames	 I've been considering purchasing a whack of Fantasy Flight Supply board game sleeves for my Arkham Horror game and expansions. Does anyone know how many of each type of sleeve I would need to purchase to cover the various cards in the main box and all of the expansions to date? Thanks! 
2982	boardgames	 I don't know if there's a flaw in your analysis somewhere (I don't see one at first glance) or not, but it doesn't seem to reflect my experience with the game (and I've played a lot, though I haven't played a 4 or 3-player game in a while). In my experience, the Humans usually don't have much trouble passing checks. In fact, we usually way overshoot what we need. The only time we start thinking "should we just let this check fail" is when things start to get really desperate, which usually only happens about twice a game. So I guess I wouldn't recommend any of your options as a standard course of action. I've found that it usually isn't too hard for the Humans to pass most checks. Since this was only your first game, I suggest playing a couple more times to see if you have similar results. It may have been a fluke. I have to say I've never seen the Humans lose anywhere near that fast. 
2983	boardgames	 You will need: Set Investigator Ancient One Arkham Horror 189 179 Curse of the Dark Pharoah 76 90 Dunwich Horror 152 180 The King in Yellow 76 90 Kingsport Horror 112 207 Black Goat of the Woods 90 88 Innsmouth Horror 96 176 Lurker at the Threshold 56 110 Miskatonic Horror 112 336 Total 959 1456 According to the Fantasy Flight Sleeve Guide , that equates to 20 packs of Mini American Board Game Sleeves and 30 packs of Standard American Board Game Sleeves if you have everything. 
2984	boardgames	 As a game designer, I know I want the truth from people I show the game to. I also know that most people just don't give critical feedback. By "critical," I mean a skilled judgment or analysis, as in "critical thinking." I've been involved in enough creative endeavors to know that most think only as far as, "I liked that," or, "That sucked." I've shown short films to an audience, watched them laugh uproariously, and then say, "It was OK," when asked if they liked it. So I've learned to take feedback for what it is, and not to hang too much of my own self-worth on it. I don't know if your game designers have grown the requisite thick skin or not. But this combination of factors makes me able to give you advice about giving feedback - good or bad. I know it seems easier to say, "That was fun!" but both kinds of feedback should follow the same rules. When someone asks you to test a game, if you don't want to put the effort in to provide decent feedback, just politely decline. If you decide to accept, you now have a responsibility to think about the game and what you like and don't like about it. Instead of just a blanket, "This rocks!" or, "That was awful," you owe the designer the courtesy of considering the question, "Why?" And then you can give the designer the answer to that question. For instance, I have an RPG in playtest right now, and something like, "I felt like it was too hard to succeed - even things my character was good at seemed out of reach," is good feedback. It gives me something to look at, or even questions to ask the playtester. And I would rather have critical negative feedback than thoughtless positive feedback. 
2985	boardgames	 I think creating your own stories will be quite doable, but you will be strongly constrained by the chrome in the game . Or, you will reuse the cards "clue 1, clue 2, clue 3" etc, then hand the user a new clue when they find the ones from a scenario you've exhausted so far. I especially think new scenarios with "pieces missing" will be a strong way to play. 
2986	boardgames	 Your data is fine, but your conclusion is flawed. You're right that total card effort for skill checks is below total skill checks on a per-skill check basis. However, you're failing to see that failing a single check through card conservation allows a pool which makes the next several checks succeed. Let's use your example of 4 humans and 2 cylons. You show 9.75 points possible (per check) with a difficulty of 9.95 per check. Let's simplify the numbers and say that the players all together can amass 9 points per check, but the difficulty is 10. If the players tried their best every check, they'd always get 9, and the difficulty each time would be 10, and they'd always fail. However, let's say the players completely skip the first skill check, and suffer then consequences. What happens? For check #2, they STILL HAVE the points/cards from the first check. So now, they have 18 collectively (they drew 9 more each turn), they spend 10, and pass check #2. Now for check #3, they have 17, they spend 10, and have 7 left. Check #3 they have 16 total, spend 10, pass, etc. So by skipping one check they can succeed at all of the next 8 checks. Most of the time, in real game pay, the players experience this in reverse (overspending on the first few, and running out at about check #9), but the math is the same either way. Make sense? 
2987	boardgames	 It seems to me if your games are getting crushed or it's taking so long to get at the bottom ones, your stacks are too high. I suggest dividing your shelving so that you have only about five games high, which keeps the weight down and makes removal, even via sliding, easy. In college, I used milk crates for this purpose, stacked 8x6 so nearly 50 different cubbies for games. (Now I use a custom built shelves). If you have a little more dough to spend, you can get stuff at major retail outlet or office supply companies. Things like this are great at storing games, just make sure they're deep enough. Random Shelf from Target 
2988	boardgames	 To anyone that has played 1000bwc , or seen it played: Does it really work in practice? Does it only work for fun, or can you get a semi-serious competative game out of it? Does anyone actually play this game or is it a random novelty? 
2989	boardgames	 It really works in practice . I've been part of an annual game of 1KBWC for many years, and it's still fun. It only works for fun . Any competitive elements present are pastiches of elements of other games. I actually play this game. That does not prevent it from being a random novelty, but it answers the first part of the question handily. 
2990	boardgames	 Recently I bought some Shaun the Sheep games from kosmos.de, but the rules are in German. Does anyone know the rules for next two games : card game board game 
2991	boardgames	 Crisis Deck Management You haven't put much emphasis on crisis deck management, which is important. You can scout to bottom deck crisis cards. Roslin can select one crisis out of two on her turn. Boomer gets to see the next crisis before it is revealed. All of these abilities can mitigate the damage caused by failing a crisis. Track Destiny You can keep track of destiny, so you can avoid playing when its stacked against you. Evil and clever brig hack If you can get around the players personal objections to this, having a player (even human) in the bring increases the number of skill cards drawn per crisis. Imagine everyone is in the brig. Then you can cycle through the skill deck, getting all of the best cards into players hand before ever having a crisis check. 
2992	boardgames	 The 3rd ability of Nissa Revane Planeswalker is -7: Search your library for any number of Elf creature cards and put them onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library. So the question is do the Elf creature cards put into the battlefield as a result of this ability suffer from summoning sickness? 
2993	boardgames	 Any creature in play that wasn't in play at the start of the turn suffers summoning sickness. So yes, the Elves will have summoning sickness. Here's the official rule : 302.6. A creature's activated ability with the tap symbol or the untap symbol in its activation cost can't be activated unless the creature has been under its controller's control continuously since his or her most recent turn began. A creature can't attack unless it has been under its controller's control continuously since his or her most recent turn began. This rule is informally called the "summoning sickness" rule. 
2994	boardgames	 Yes , From the Comprehensive rules: 302.6. A creature's activated ability with the tap symbol or the untap symbol in its activation cost can't be activated unless the creature has been under its controller's control continuously since his or her most recent turn began. A creature can't attack unless it has been under its controller's control continuously since his or her most recent turn began. This rule is informally called the "summoning sickness" rule. Any elf with Haste ignores that restriction as usual of course. 
2995	boardgames	 I received "Munchkin Quest" as a gift. I had expected to get the classic "Munchkin"; I don't really know this variant but exchanging it is not an option. I wish to play this with some of my not-so-board-game-aholic friends, and I imagine that the classic version is way easier, what with the tiles and creatures and markers taken out of the equation. I hope to "upgrade" them as time goes by, but better to start them on Level 1, right? So, finally, my question: Can one play a round of classic Munchkin using a box of Munchkin Quest? Or, are there prohibitive differences? Thanks... 
2996	boardgames	 The number of players does not directly change the difficulty of the game. I feel like i makes it easier to play with less just because there is less stuff to track. This happens because the amount of cards drawn in total by all players directly balances out to the number of crisis that happen. More players have a wider variety of cards but not more than less. The cylons cannot poison every check. In fact they must often help out. It is very easy to figure out who is responsible if someone just keeps contributing negative cards. Once they humans have identified the cylon using executive actions victory becomes easy if a lot of damage was not already done. A good way to pass a check without throwing a lot of effort is to let only one person contribute cards if they say they can. If anyone does not do it and adds cards anyway they are most likely a cylon. If the one person clearly does not make an effort to pass, it is only one loss and then you know who the cylon is. 
2997	boardgames	 Just a strategy suggestion when playing by the rules (one character each, one Mythos phase each turn): you probably might want to almost completely ignore gates, or just seal one occasionally, when this does not detract from other actions, concentrating instead on getting weapons, skills etc. to confront the endgame Ancient One (of course, this strategy is meaningless when the Ancient One is Azathoth). 
2998	boardgames	 Short answer: No Longer explanation: They are totally different games . Munchkin is a card game. Munchkin Quest is a board game. They share: A theme: Kill the monsters, take their stuff, stab your buddy - parodying power-gaming RPGers of a certain stripe An artist: John Kovalic A goal: Reach level 10 first A Publisher: Steve Jackson Games An official website: But the materials in MQ will not allow you to play Munchkin. And no amount of Munchkin sets will allow you to play MQ. 
2999	boardgames	 I now have a few games of Mansions of Madness under my belt, all of them with three players - a Keeper and 2 Investigators. And I've noticed that there doesn't seem to be time for them (the Investigators) to get even the majority of the house explored or make much progress once the objective is revealed. So, I turned my designer's eye on it and thought this thought: In a 5-player game (a Keeper and 4 Investigators), the Investigators will have 4 actions per turn. So an Event card that takes 3 turns to flip expects 12 actions to occur before it's activated. With 2 Investigators, only 6 actions have been taken in the same span. Since the Event card timings do not scale with the number of Investigators, it is no wonder that it seems the players are running out of time. I saw two possible fixes for this: Give Investigators in a 3-player game 2 actions per turn. Scale the number of tokens required for an event to keep the number of actions between events the same for a given number of players. I have decided that the "2 movements and one action" structure of the Investigator turn is too integral to mess with. So I am thinking of doubling the number of "clock ticks" between events for my next game - I'll almost always have 2 Investigators playing. Has anyone else encountered this problem? Have you solved it? How? Is your solution satisfactory? 
3000	boardgames	 In the rules of the game they have a clarification which specifies this. When a player makes a choice on a Crisis Card, he can always choose the top or bottom section of the card, regardless of whether he will be able to fulfill the game text listed (unless the card specifically restricts this) The reason here is that this happens. Without an option, if you were forced to discard 3 cards and only had 2 it is obvious what would occur. The choice makes this issue confusing, which is why the rules have a specific clarification. This is one of those rare "good" things for the humans. 
3001	boardgames	 I am not sure if anyone has actually used math to calculate the optimal strategy. That would of course require the correct play strategy for the camera strategy to really be the "optimal". This person has a thorough explanation of a strategy including the why. 
3003	boardgames	 Last night I play the board game Cuba for the first time. One of the rules that we could not quite figure out from the rule book, was how the ships moved down the shipyard. So, at the beginning of the game, there are two ships, one in position 1 and one in position 2. At the end of the round, the rules state that the ships must move down one space (and then repeat until all spaces are filled). However, it only mentions a ship leaving the shipyard if a ship becomes full. So, if a ship is already in position 3 (the final position) and not full, does it stay where it is, or does the move down one position move it off the board. We played it so that it stays, because it did not explicitly say to remove the ship, but I am not sure if this was the correct or not. I think the two parts of the rule can be interpreted to mean one way or another. 
3004	boardgames	 I believe that the ships leave the harbour (i.e. move off the board), due to this rule: The end of the 2nd to 5th round is different from the end of the 1st round only in one way: there is a ship in the 3rd dock in the harbor; it leaves the harbor, regardless of its load. In the first round, you have ships only on position 1 and position 2, so there is no way for one of them to leave the harbour. As of the second round, you can have a ship in position 3, at which point this rule kicks in. 
3005	boardgames	 Quite a few, actually, have had such a &quot;Look at it and rate it&quot; approach. Early Warhammer games The first edition of Warhammer 40K ( Warhammer 40K: Rogue Trader ), and the first several editions of Warhammer Fantasy Battles , were all intended to use any minis, and had extensive minis rating lists by base type, weapon, and profile value. 40KRT vehicles were points-costed by their ratings; the rating system wasn't terribly effective at play balance, but it was workable within reason, and especially for man-sized units. Ground Zero Games' games GZG's rules are intended for use with both their lines and others' lines of minis. Better still, you can get them in PDF for free direct from GZG . Dirtside II is vehicle or squad per mini, platoon scaled, up to battalion level. It includes vehicle design rules that border on being &quot;Look and rate&quot;... Stargrunt II is tactical, squad level, individual man per mini, infantry combat, but it also can use Dirtside II vehicles. Full Thrust is space combat, one ship per mini. It can do fleet level play easily. R Talsorian Games' Mekton Mekton has always been a combined battle game and RPG, and always had a design system capable of producing a wide range of designs. Because the design system is actually a design system, you might not always be able to get decent match to a given mini's fluff text. 7th Street Games' Mecha The system is able to use a variety of minis. The included setting is less flexible, being focused on space aztechs. Dream Pod 9 's whole catalogue The &quot;rating&quot; system in both Heavy Gear and Jovian Chronicles is intended to take an extant mini or image, and allow you to devise game stats to fit, generating a relatively good point total for balance purposes. Other games in the line use the same ratings, so that means that any of them can be used. Several have both minis and RPG rules, and the minis rules are almost all written for hex-grids but easily adapted to gridless play. Flashpoint! Flashpoint! is a wonderful minis wargame, using a mostly 1d20 rolls, printed in landscape mode in the 90's, of skirmish scale combat in a near-future sci-fi setting. 1 Character/vehicle/robot per model, typically individual model maneuver scale, and intended for platoon level and below. Many elements border between a rating system and a design system, especially robots and vehicles. Old FASA games VOR is very similar to early WH40K:RT... except using d10's rather than d6's, and having a less-obviously Traveller/Cthulhu mashup setting. The rating system is very similar to that in 40K:RT. And onto the less close fit to the question... Battletech , while having a design system rather than a rating system, has rules for mecha, vehicles, and troops, and multiple games in various scales, so you can use pretty much almost your entire collection somewhere... and it's still in print, from Catalyst. Renegade Legion is very much the same approach as Battletech, but is a different set of combat mechanics. 
3006	boardgames	 It has never been clear where the entrances in to and out of buildings are from roads. Some are obvious when there is only a single road segment: Others are multi-square builds along side a multi-square road (e.g. the gas station). Some like the army surplus store has an obvious door way: But others are less obvious, like the hardware store with fenced parking lots, the toy store with non-obvious doorways, etc. Which road segments can the building be entered from? I could not find details on this in the rules or the Zombies FAQ. I feel like the density of the bright white border lines contains a clue, but nothing seemed to make sense there either. For example, the starting tile (above) has bright lines between the road segments. 
3007	boardgames	 The Outpost card has the text "This can't cause you to take more than two consecutive turns" on it. I thought this would mean that the player who had been possessed would not take another turn after the outpost turn, but apparently (according to isotropic) it does not, even though that player takes three consecutive turns, one when he is possessed, one from the Outpost and one normal one. 
3008	boardgames	 I played Magic a long time ago, and I remember activated abilities on creatures were considered instants. Reading through the rules today, it isn't quite clear to me. The reason I am wondering is for the combination of Prodigal Pyromancer and Fire Servant . The does the Fire Servant's doubling apply to the Prodigal Pyromancer's "{T}: Prodigal Pyromancer deals 1 damage to target creature or player."? 
3009	boardgames	 No, the doubling does not apply. Creature abilities are fast effects, a class which includes instants. But instants, like sorceries, are a distinct spell type. 
3010	boardgames	 I've played both San Juan and RFtG, but only about half a game of Puerto Rico. RFtG is definitely WAY more complicated than San Juan, and you have to keep track of a lot of symbology. One of the things that is definitely unique to RFtG in the group is the simultaneous role selection mechanic. In PR and SJ, players choose their role for the turn in sequence, roles may only be chosen once per round, and the player to choose a role first in the round rotates every round. In RFtG the players each choose the equivalent of a role at the same time, and phase actions are performed by all players simultaneously, with the rare exception of drawing cards when the draw pile is running out. There's not much of a concept of turn rotation. 
3011	boardgames	 I have the German version of the game so the card may be named differently in the original or might not exist at all. The card "Versicherungsvertreter" says under "bad things" that you lose items worth at least 1000 gold. If you don't have that much then you lose everything. What does it mean by "lose everything"? Lose all your items carried and still in your hand Lose all your items and your entire hand Lose every card in your possession Lose every card and all your levels 
3012	boardgames	
3013	boardgames	The sheriff and his deputies are trying to kill the outlaws, the outlaws are trying to kill the sheriff, and the renegade is trying to be the last one standing. But no one knows who the other players are...
3014	boardgames	 Please do not use this tag, it has been deprecated . We are slowly removing this tag from older questions over time. Feel free to edit this tag out of older questions that are on the front page, or from a small number(&lt;5/day) of questions not on the front page. 
3015	boardgames	Please do not use this tag, it has been deprecated.
3016	boardgames	 The fifth installment in the immensely popular dominion series. Prosperity adds 25 new kingdom cards, as well as the Colony (victory) and Platinum (treasure) cards. These can increase the play time (as well as the scores). The theme is big money and big actions. The Dominion rules are extraordinarily comprehensive. For questions regarding how cards interact, if you can, check the individual card entries in the appropriate rulebook(s) and you'll probably find your answer there. A PDF of the Dominion: Prosperity rules is available here . 
3017	boardgames	The 5th Dominion expansion, built around the theme of big money and big actions.
3018	boardgames	 The game is made more varied by the fact that races and special powers are dealt from separate decks - you might find yourself with Flying Ghouls in one game and Diplomat Ghouls in another. Each player can play more than one race in the course of the game. One of the most critical decisions facing a player is when to put a race into decline and start a new one. Useful Links: Official Website at Days of Wonder The rules at Days of Wonder There are many expansions available, some have tags here at Board and Card Games: small-world-underground See also: vinci , which this game re-implements. 
3019	boardgames	A conquer-the-world game set in a fantasy realm. Players must take control of various different races and use their special abilities to dominate their opponents.
3020	boardgames	 Fully cooperative, each game is self-contained, so no need to bring character sheets around to track all of your stats from game to game. For compatible boardgames see dnd-adventure-system . 
3021	boardgames	A lighter version of Dungeons & Dragons that offers the thrill of role-playing without most of the complex rules and time requirements.
3022	boardgames	 The 3rd installment in the dominion series. Players can now use duration cards to set up their next turn, as well as powerful new attacks to hinder their opponents. It also introduces cards allowing you to set cards from your deck aside only to return later. Seaside adds 26 new kingdom cards. The Dominion rules are extraordinarily comprehensive. For questions regarding how cards interact, if you can, check the individual card entries in the appropriate rulebook(s) and you'll probably find your answer there. A PDF of the Dominion: Seaside rules is available here . 
3023	boardgames	The 3rd Dominion expansion introduces duration cards that do something immediately, but stay in play to affect your next turn as well.
3024	boardgames	 The 4th installment in the dominion series. Players must balance their money with the new potion treasure card to buy new cards that help them manipulate their deck and create powerful action chains. Alchemy is a "small expansion", adding only 12 new kingdom cards as well as the Potion treasure. The Dominion rules are extraordinarily comprehensive. For questions regarding how cards interact, if you can, check the individual card entries in the appropriate rulebook(s) and you'll probably find your answer there. A PDF of the Dominion: Alchemy rules is available here . 
3025	boardgames	The 4th Dominion expansion, themed around transformation and the new potion treasure card.
3026	boardgames	
3027	boardgames	A classic game where players roll dice to move around a board. Players buy properties, charge rent, and upgrade their assets to try to bankrupt other players and own everything on the board.
3028	boardgames	 Players are secretly assigned the role of werewolf, townsperson, or seer. One player acts as narrator. During the night-time phase of each turn, all players close their eyes and make noise (such as drumming hands on the table) to mask what follows. The narrator tells the werewolves (usually two) to open their eyes; they gesture between themselves to choose one townsperson to kill. They then close their eyes, and the narrator has the seer open his eyes. The seer points to one other player, trying to identify a werewolf, and the narrator gives a thumbs-up or thumbs-down. The night phase now ends. During the day, all players open their eyes and the narrator announces the death. That player is now out of the game. The remaining players collectively decide on one of their number to lynch as a suspected werewolf. (Of course the werewolves are passing themselves off as regular townspeople.) The game continues until either all werewolves or all townspeople are dead. Not to be confused with One Night Ultimate Werewolf( one-night-werewolf ) a similar game that takes place in only one round. 
3029	boardgames	A social game that can support large numbers of players. The villagers try to destroy the werewolves before they kill the entire village, but no one knows whose who... Also called Mafia. Not to be confused with One Night Ultimate Werewolf, a one round version of the game.
3030	boardgames	 The Fluxx tag should be used on all Fluxx games, because they're so similar. This includes: Fluxx Cthulhu Fluxx Oz Fluxx Star Fluxx Pirate Fluxx Zombie Fluxx Monty Python Fluxx Martian Fluxx Family Fluxx Eco Fluxx Stoner Fluxx Regular Show Fluxx Monster Fluxx (Target Exclusive) There are small variations between the versions of Fluxx (some have Creepers and others don't; only Cthulhu has the Doom Count), but they are quite small, so we only have one tag for this family of games. 
3031	boardgames	A card game where the rules change as you play, and there isn't a goal until someone plays one. The goal changes just as often as the rules do, but most goals revolve around collecting particular "Keepers."
3032	boardgames	
3033	boardgames	A classic word-game where players try to use their tiles to create long and exotic words to earn the most points.
3034	boardgames	 The first expansion to catan . Catan: Seafarers is not a stand-alone game, but supplements Catan with additional board pieces (more resource hexes, ocean hexes, frames), tokens (ships and the pirate), and instructions. The essential difference in game play between Seafarers and Catan is the addition of shipping routes -- one segment is purchased with one wood and one wool -- allowing expansion onto other islands. Unlike Catan , Seafarers comes with rules and instructions for a variety of game scenarios. Whenever applicable, the rules of Catan apply in Seafarers . This tag should be reserved for questions about rules and situations that are specific to Seafarers . 
3035	boardgames	The first expansion to Catan. Players can now build ships to expand their horizons and take on whatever new challenges may await them across the sea...
3036	boardgames	 I don't have my copy of Munchkin on me, but I'm pretty sure it means lose all the items you are carrying. 
3037	boardgames	 Items in your hand are safe from game effects unless explicitly targeted by the card description. I can't reach the rules from here, but that's made pretty clear - in the English rules, at least. So my answer would be: Lose all items currently in your character's possession, whether equipped or merely carried. Only items should be lost in this case - the character's class and race should be safe from the insurance industry. 
3038	boardgames	 Multiple Investigators After my last 2-Investigator game, I was explaining this issue to one of the players and proposed the "scale the time between events solution." She said, "Why don't we just each run two adventurers?" Why didn't I think of that? I think that from now on, MoM will be a 4-investigator game, with players running enough investigators to make up the difference. It works great in dungeon-lords . EDIT : There are additional benefits to this solution: Scaling the time would drastically reduce the sense of urgency in MoM. Not only the number of actions but the reduced breadth of abilities is unaccounted for in a fewer-than-four-Investigators game. This is decidedly my preferred way to play the game now. I would only consider less than four Investigators as a way to bump the difficulty for players that consistently win too easily. 
3039	boardgames	 Mansions of Madness is a boardgame from Fantasy Flight Games set in the same Cthulhu Mythos universe as Arkham Horror. Unlike arkham-horror , it is an asymmetrical game in which one player takes the antagonist role of Keeper and the others take the protagonist roles of Investigators. 
3040	boardgames	Mansions of Madness is a boardgame from Fantasy Flight Games set in the same Cthulhu Mythos universe as Arkham Horror. 
3041	boardgames	 Each player has a set of Tetris like shapes ranging in size from 1 square to 5 squares. Turn after turn players place a shape on the board so it connects to their own pieces only via corners. The last player that is able to place one of his pieces wins. 
3042	boardgames	A strategic abstract boardgame for 1 to 4 players where they place Tetris like shapes on a square board and try to cut each other off.
3043	boardgames	 In Cluedo (Clue, in North America, 3-6 people, 45 minutes) players assume the roles of detectives and try to solve a recent murder by identifying the murderer, the site of the crime and the weapon used. Each player holds a set of evidence pieces proving which suspects, locations and weapons where not involved in the crime. Through careful questioning of the competing detectives they must discover which pieces of evidence are held by others and deduct the real particulars of the crime. 
3044	boardgames	Cluedo (or Clue) is a deduction game for 3 to 6 detectives who race to solve a murder. (45-minute playtime)
3045	boardgames	 Munchkin is a light hearted card game for 3 to 6 players parodying traditional role playing games. Players fight monsters to obtain valuable items and gain levels. While in the beginning players will benefit from helping each other out, towards the end everyone will back stab the leading player(s) with curses, tough monsters and other nasty things. Similar: munchkin-quest - A standalone boardgame with similar themes, but is not compatible with Munchkin 
3046	boardgames	A light hearted card game for 3 to 6 players about fighting monsters, collecting loot and being the first to ascend to level 10.
3047	boardgames	 Each of the 2 to 4 players has to deliver four sacrifice tokens to the temple. But in order to do that they need enough mana gathered from praying sites and they also first need to produce their tokens by building new huts. So players need to gather wood or stone and transport them with their workers to suitable places for building huts and praying sites. They can also breed new workers or go steal resources from other players. Every player gets 5 action points per round, which have to be carefully spend in order to be the first to deliver all your tokens and win the game. 
3048	boardgames	A boardgame for 2 to 4 players about exploring, gathering resources, expanding your clan and eventually being the first to deliver all four sacrifices to the temple.
3049	boardgames	 I've been playing Hold 'Em for a while, and I've considered a variety of different strategies. However, one thing that's always left me a little baffled is "donk" betting. Rather, betting into the pre-flop raiser on the flop (before he/she had the chance to bet). What's the purpose of this play? When might be a good time to "donk" bet? This play seems to have a bad reputation, but what is so bad about it? Rather, how do bad players misuse the "donk" bet? 
3050	boardgames	 I used to work for Aardman , the creators of Shaun the Sheep . The following comes straight from the lovely ladies in their Rights &amp; Licensing department . "The games are a German design and license, they don't exist in English speaking markets, so only German language instructions I'm afraid." It might be worth trying Google Translate ? 
3051	boardgames	 If you are worried about the bits and pieces floating around inside the box, definitely go with plastic bags or a small craft organizer. Box inserts are designed for flat storage, and components can often float around insider the box if it is tipped. Some games have more of a gap between the roof of the box and the top of the divider than others (see Castle Ravenloft/Wrath of Ashardalon). For these, you need to repack your components. It won't solve the issue of preventing some oddly shaped boxes from opening up on their sides, but at least the pieces won't get mixed up. 
3052	boardgames	
3053	boardgames	Dungeon Lords is a worker-placement game by Vlaada Chvatil. In each of two "years," the players will build a dungeon, stocking it with traps and monsters. Then they'll defend it from interloping adventurers.
3055	boardgames	 Asking Questions : When asking questions about Bridge, please provide the exact cards and distribution for the hands of interest as best you can recall them. Where you know the value of spot cards, please specify them rather than simply entering them as x's; every x you specify will be treated as a deuce, so anything more specific than that will be an improvement. For play problems the precise spots will often be critical; the order in which experts play their spot cards in a suit is used to signal distribution of the hand, count in the suit, attitude to the suit, and suit preference. Without this information, which was available at the table, we cannot give you the best advice possible. Also important is the vulnerability of both sides, who the dealer was and the type of scoring (Rubber, Chicago, Matchpoints, IMPs, or Board-a-Match); all of these affect the decisions made at the table, and sometimes even the conventions in play. Finally, even for play and defense problems, please describe the overall bidding approach used by both you and the opponents, and any relevant conventional agreements. In the absence of any specific description the following will be assumed Assumed Conventional Treatments : Four-Card Majors approach-forcing style (Goren/Culbertson/ACOL) Stayman Standard Blackwood Gerber only as a jump to 4C directly over a natural NT bid Jacoby &amp; Texas Transfers Strong NT (15-17) Strong 2C opening with 2D waiting; Cheapest Minor as Second Negative. disciplined Weak Twos Standard leads and signals If you specify your System Approach as Five-Card Majors we will also assume, unless specified otherwise, that you are playing Two-Over-One (almost) Game Force, and Forcing 1NT response to a major-suit opening. It really is not possible to play that approach adequately without both those corollaries. The Game : Bridge is a 4 player trick-taking game using a standard deck of 52 playing cards. Two partnerships compete against each other. For purposes of scoring and reference, each player is identified by one of the points of the compass and thus North and South play against East and West. Each deal progresses through four phases: dealing the cards, the auction (bidding), playing the hand, and scoring the results. Dealing: Cards are dealt clockwise, one at a time and face down starting on the dealer's left so that each player receives thirteen cards. In duplicate bridge the dealer is predetermined by the board. The board also contains the four hands which have been dealt and placed in the board prior to commencement of the game; these hands are not redealt over the course of the event. Auction or Bidding: The bidding starts with the dealer and rotates around the table clockwise with each player making a call, the purpose being to determine which partnership will contract to take more tricks given a particular trump suit or with no trump. The partnership which makes the highest final bid is known as the declaring side and is said to have 'won' the contract. The player on the declaring side who, during the auction, first stated the suit ultimately becoming trumps (or first stated notrump if that is the final strain) is referred to as the declarer. The purpose of bidding is for each partnership to ascertain which contract, whether made or defeated and whether bid by them or by their opponents, would give the partnership their best scoring result. Bidding is complex, so beginners are encouraged to first master simple, commonly used bidding conventions before adding greater complexity. Playing: Bridge is similar to other trick-taking games with the additional feature that the hand of declarer's partner is displayed face up on the table after the opening lead has been made by the member of the defending side to the left of declarer; the displayed hand is referred to as the dummy and is played by declarer. Scoring: After all thirteen tricks have been played, the hand's score is determined by comparing actual versus contracted tricks and awarding points accordingly. The available scoring points for the declaring side are dependent upon both the level and strain of the contract and are awarded to them only when the contract is 'made', i.e. at least the contracted for number of tricks are won by them; failure to do so results in the defending side's receiving points instead, and they are said to have 'defeated' the contract. Individual scores of several hands are accumulated to determine the overall game score. Bridge has a number of variants, the most common being rubber-bridge and duplicate-bridge . The method for calculating scores is different depending on which variant is being played, and this impacts the strategy of both the bidding and the play of the hand. 
3056	boardgames	A 4 player trick-taking card game where opposing partners try to either take the number of tricks they bid or prevent their opponents from doing so.&#xD; &#xD; When asking questions on bidding or play, please specify scoring system (Rubber, Matchpoints, IMPS, ec.), Dealer, vulnerability for both sides, full auction to the point of inquiry, and as complete a description of the visible hands as you can, including spot cards instead of x's.
3057	boardgames	 An expansion for catan that lets players improve their cities, create new commodities, and use their newly empowered knights to conquer the island of Catan. 
3058	boardgames	An expansion for Catan that lets players improve their cities, create new commodities, and use their newly empowered knights to conquer the island of Catan.
3059	boardgames	 This game does not use settlers, shipping, or money. Buildings and plantations are operational as soon as they are played. Cards have a cost to play, which is measured in cards to be discarded. Sold goods are paid for in cards, and there are other ways to gain more cards too. See also: puerto-rico . 
3060	boardgames	Puerto Rico's card-driven little brother. Players choose from various roles to try to create the most impressive buildings in the city of San-Juan. This game is shorter than Puerto Rico, playing in about 30 minutes.
3061	boardgames	 Rummy is a family of card games for a flexible number of players. The central goal to all variations is to get rid of all hand cards by melding them into sets. Games of this family that have their own tags: canasta gin 
3062	boardgames	Players race to get rid of all their cards by 'melding' groups that are all of the same rank, or of consecutive ranks in the same suit.
3063	boardgames	 About: The game Yu-Gi-Oh is a Trading Card Game launched by Konami in the year 1999. It is based on the manga by Kazuki Takahashi from 1996. It is meant to be a simulation of what really happens in a "duel" in Yu-Gi-Oh . Aim: To defeat their opponent by either of the three victory conditions Number of players: 2 Equipment: A deck Something to record your Life Points with 
3064	boardgames	A trading card game where players summon Monsters and activate Spells and Traps to deplete their opponent's Life Points. The game has a strong fantasy theme, and is usually played with 2 players, although it has been adapted to work with more. It has no direct resource system, but utilizes face-down cards in play. It is based on the Japanese anime "Yu-Gi-Oh!"&#xD; .
3065	boardgames	
3066	boardgames	An expansion to Bohnanza that lets players create new buildings to enhance the efficiency of their bean-farms.
3067	boardgames	
3068	boardgames	An expansion for Pandemic that adds new challenges like mutating diseases and one player becoming a bio-terrorist. Also allows for play with 5 people.
3069	boardgames	
3070	boardgames	A cooperative game where 2-4 players try to escape a mysterious island after saving its four treasures. But the island sinks deeper with every step the adventurers take... Playtime: 30 minutes.
3071	boardgames	 In Gin rummy players are dealt less cards and also have less restrictions on acquiring cards and finishing than in other variations of rummy. 
3072	boardgames	A fast variation of rummy for 2 players.
3073	boardgames	 Although variations exist for a variety of player numbers the game is usually played 2 vs 2 or simply just with 2 players. Unlike many rummy variations the players cannot expand on their opponents melds and only melds with cards of equal rank are allowed. 
3074	boardgames	A rummy variation usually played with two teams of two.
3075	boardgames	 The other night we had Slab the Killer in play as well as Jourdonnais. Here are their abilities as listed on the cards... Jourdonnais Whenever he is the target of a BANG!, he may "draw!" : on a Heart, he is missed. Slab the Killer Player needs 2 Missed! cards to cancel his BANG! card. When Slab the Killer plays a BANG! against Jourdonnais, how is Jourdonnais's ability applied? Obviously if his ability is unsuccessful, 2 Missed! cards would have to be played, but what happens if Jourdonnais successfully draws a Heart? Is the entire attack cancelled out? Or will an additional Missed! card still need to be played? 
3077	boardgames	 Man, that's a good question. Offhand from the phrasing you pasted I would say that Jourdonnais wins out here - his ability does not say "on a Heart, he is 'Missed!'", it just says "he is missed." That would seem to be completely unrelated to the playing of Missed! cards, which is the only thing mentioned for Slab the Killer's ability. It seems like it might be unbalanced (although the odds of a Heart are only roughly 1/4), but I think I would personally interpret this that a successful "draw" by Jourdonnais will cause even Slab to miss him. 
3078	boardgames	 Jourdonnais' ability is essentially a built in barrel. Another Missed! card is needed in addition to drawing the Heart to avoid Slab the Killer's BANG! This was answered by the designer, Emiliano Sciarra on Boardgamegeek : Yes. Even if the effect of the Barrel triggers by drawing a Heart card from the deck, you will need another Missed! card from the hand to avoid the hit from Slab. Since Jourdonnais has a Barrel built in, he may &quot;draw!&quot; once to see if he plays an automatic Missed!. After that, if he drew a Heart he will need a real Missed! from his hand to dodge Slab's shot. Otherwise, he will need two Missed! cards, as anyone else. 
3079	boardgames	 I believe the only available answer may be: that there is no certain answer, but the building entrances should be located by player agreement, based on the application of some degree of common sense to the visual appearance of the tiles. I don't own Zombies, but I remember when I played it I thought it was definitely a "fast and loose" style of game design, rather than having the sort of very precise, loophole-closing ruleset that I personally prefer. Bad news for us obsessive-compulsive rules lawyers, in other words! 
3080	boardgames	 Questions about how to modify or adjust game play to accommodate more than the recommended number of players. This tag also covers games designed for large (8+) numbers of players. 
3081	boardgames	Questions about how to modify or adjust game play to accommodate more than the recommended number of players. 
3082	boardgames	 Games designed to be played by a single person or methods for modifying multi-player games for single-person play. 
3083	boardgames	Games designed to be played by a single person or methods for modifying multi-player games for single-person play. 
3084	boardgames	 I try never to do this myself, and I push back extremely hard against people who do it to me. Most frequently, it seems to happen when my opponents have a hand slightly worse than top pair (or top pair with a weak kicker), or...more often are on a draw. So, instead of checking and letting me bet big, they make a smaller bet than I would have made, hoping I would be scared of raising. Obviously, this will work against some people, but not against others. So it's good to use if your opponents let you get away with it (and you can make it to the river with your draw for cheap), but bad against experienced opponents. I usually call this a block bet. 
3085	boardgames	 I've been playing a bit of Puerto Rico against computers (AIs) lately. I'm doing quite well against the easier AIs so I think my overall gameplay isn't so bad but I've realized that I still have problems evaluating some situations from a tactical point of view. Captain and Trader do not offer much choice so their direct effects are quite easy to predict. Still I find that I rarely consider what's beyond the Trader or Captain. Is that a mistake? What should I look for? Mayor and Craftsman are relatively straightforward too. Mayor often leads to Craftsman and Craftsman generally results in Trader and/or Captain. So my thinking is: "Do I benefit from Craftsman enough if I pick Mayor now?" and "Do I get to ship/trade enough if I pick Craftsman now?" I don't think it is feasible to think much further but I welcome suggestions... Settler and Builder are more difficult for me however. They are the most unpredictable element of the game IMO. I usually just think if I need/want a building or plantation and if there's nothing more pressing among the other options then I just go for it. What should I look for when evaluating the benefits of these roles? Of course with enough time you could thoroughly evaluate every option for your own move and the next one but that would quickly lead to analysis-paralysis. So what can be done in reasonable amounts of time? Are there any kinds of tools to help in training this, aside from playing full games? 
3086	boardgames	 Captain is often a tool used in the beginning to have someone have to ship their valuable resource, so that they can't trade it. It's why you don't want to just go and produce one valuable resource, because if you can't protect it with other goods, then it will become shipbound. Trader get's pulled sometimes because it has money on it and you want to deprive the guy who can really use it, the extra cash. Mayor you'd generally pull if you need men and nothing else is pressing. I like to pull it more when it's unbalanced, so there's more colonist profit relative to the others. Settler is the best first pull, to get a quarry going early. After that it's more strategy dependent. The first two quarries you have are the most valuable, with value declining as you get more. Settler of course is a really good pull with a hacienda strategy, since when you pull quarries you still get a plantation, and once you've filled up your island you can take the man off of the hacienda and put him somewhere else useful. Builder is usually just based on having enough to buy the building you need next, though sometimes you pull it to deprive someone else of getting the big building that they're only one doubloon away from. Craftsman is the crux of the game, and Craftsman fear the biggest factor. You might want to read this great strategy guide . It's the best one I've ever seen, and it's principles actually apply to a lot of games. 
3087	boardgames	 I'm not expert, but the biggest thing I've found with choosing roles is to figure out the consequences of other people choosing them and you not getting them . Captain: Look at what goods everyone has and who will benefit most from picking it. If you forgo the captain and the next person takes it, how large will the change in your victory points be? If you're both sitting on 5 barrels of corn, you want to make sure you load first, because otherwise you probably won't get to load much and may even face heavy spoilage. Like Mr. Roberts said, also look at forcing other players to ship goods they'd rather trade, like coffee and tobacco. Trader: Look at who has what to sell. If you can get some nice cash by selling tobacco or coffee AND screw over anyone else who might want to sell that too, then this is probably a good choice. (presuming they don't have an office, in which case it won't make a difference) Mayor : Look at how many colonists the picker of the mayor gets vs. everybody else. If the number of colonists on the colonist ship is the same as the number of players, picking the mayor will give you only a 1 colonist bonus over everyone else. If there's more, you may be looking at a 2 colonist bonus over the player to your right, making it more attractive for you. Also consider what things are on your island you want to get into operation as soon as possible so you can use them in the appropriate phase. Craftsman and Builder : Unless there's a shortage of goods or desirable buildings, I often try to make other people pick these as the bonus for doing so is fairly small. Getting goods or buildings doesn't matter much, usually what's important is who gets to use them , which involves picking other roles. Are you setting up the next person for an amazing captain or trader phase by producing now? Can you earn the 1 doubloon bonus from picking the builder some other way? As I said, if you really need the advantage of producing first or building first, that changes things. Settler : Look at the available plantations and who would get what. If you really want one of the plantations and there's only one of it, chances are you won't get it if you don't pick settler yourself. If you don't plan on building a construction hut and want some quarries (which are always awesome to have), the only way you're going to get them is if you pick the settlers. Obviously there are a few other factors that come into play, the biggest being the amount of doubloon on each different role, but I think its affects are pretty self-explanatory, with the same ideas of trying to get the best advantage possible while denying other players the optimal choices. Number of players, buildings and plantations on your and other players' islands, position of the governor marker, number of each plantation and building left in the supply, and time 'til endgame all come into play as well, but to keep this post from getting to long I'll omit those for now. :D So what can be done in reasonable amounts of time? If time is a constraint, just try not to think too deeply. Its very easy to spend 5 minutes analyzing every possible move and consequence as all hardcore PR players know. Just look at your options, figure out the pros and cons, keep your future turn simulations short, and try not to second and third guess yourself. When in doubt, go with your gut. Are there any kind of tools to help training this aside from full games? Not specifically for PR that I know of, but if you find anything I'd be very interested in hearing about it. :D 
3088	boardgames	 How you should be thinking about donk bets when deciding whether to use them: Donk bets don't have an inherently set purpose. You can do it as a bluff, you can donk bet for value, or you can do it to try to influence behavior (like a block bet). What you're trying to obtain by doing it depends on your hand and your expected response from your opponent. As a thinking player, you shouldn't ever just check solely because the other player was the preflop aggressor. Like any other decision you're faced with in poker, you should only be choosing to check if you believe that you will get more value from the hand by checking than from any of your alternatives. Whether you believe this depends on your opponent. For example, if you're holding a hand which is likely ahead, rationally choosing to check requires something like believing that your opponent will bluff continuation bet more often than they will call your donk bet. Specific extreme examples: If you were playing against someone who does not bluff continuation bet on the flop, but had a strong tendency to call with weak hands, then you should donk bet every time you hit a decent hand on the flop, and rarely bluff them. If you were playing against a person who rarely calls unless they have the nuts, yet bluffs all of the time, then you should check to them every time when you have a strong hand, and bluff donk bet them every time you don't. Not only are you sometimes missing value if you decide never to use donk bets; such a decision would be an exploitable aspect of your play. It gives a larger advantage than is due to the preflop aggressor, as they can be confident that they know what at least one of your moves will be in a following betting round (you will check). In particular, they can derive more value from raising preflop cards which are geared more toward drawing (e.g.: suited connectors like 7s 6s), because they know that they will usually be able to check behind he flop if they missed, so they actually get to see 4 board cards before being faced with any possible aggression. Why is it perceived as bad: Inexperienced players tend to make bad donk bets (bad independently of being donk bets), and commit extra money to the pot in situations where they're generally already at a disadvantage by being out of position, or where board cards suggest that their hand is not as strong relative to the preflop aggressors as they may think. Also, some people perceive donk bets as sort of against poker etiquette. They think that "check to the raiser" is the proper, gentlemanly thing to do. This is more of a cultural thing, and has little to do with trying to play profitably. They are not inherently bad, and there are situations in which a donk bet is the optimal choice. How players misuse them: Players misuse donk bets the same way they misuse any other sort of bet. They make their decision without considering likely hands their opponent is holding or their opponents tendencies. 
3089	boardgames	 One thing to keep in mind is resigning isn't a means to avoid losing, but a recognition that you have lost - you just haven't finished going through the motions. In a two-player game, this should be fairly simple - you resign, opponent wins, you start another game. In a team scenario (like Axis &amp; Allies), the entire team should resign as a group - if a single player just packs up and leaves, the other team members should be allowed to fill in the blank spot. (Assuming they wish to continue the game). In a multiplayer scenario, it really depends on how the interactivity works. Dominion can easily manage a disappearing player, but Settlers can't. Generally, I'd err on the side of allowing someone to bow out, especially if he knows he can't win, but the ultimate winner is still unknown. If it's fairly obvious that someone is going to win (or if it really doesn't matter who wins), I'd rather sweep and reset than force someone to suffer through the remainder of the game. 
3090	boardgames	 Say I have 3 ore, 2 wheat, and a wood, and player B has a wheat, a wool, and a brick. Player B puts the robber next to one of my settlements and has to take one resource at random. Player B wants to get my wood so they can build a settlement, and I actually want them to take the wood so I can upgrade one of my settlements to the city. If they had to take a resource at random, they might get something else that would be sub-optimal for both of us. If I could just give them the wood, it would be to both of our advantages. Is the resource taken with the robber required to be random? If they want a specific resource and I want to give them that resource, can we just do that instead of player B having to pick randomly, possibly resulting in a situation that would hurt both of us, me by losing some I needed and them by not getting what they wanted? 
3091	boardgames	 Yes , the resource must be random. Settlers of Catan has one of the best online FAQ 's that I've seen: “Seven” and Robber - Can I voluntarily give a card to a game partner, instead of letting him draw it? Answer No . 
