R3W4P9UBGNGH1U	2	Looks good, functions meh 2 issues  -  Once I turned on the circle apps and installed this case,  my battery drained twice as fast as usual.  I ended up turning off the circle apps, which kind of makes the case just a case...  with a hole in it.  Second,  the wireless charging doesn't work.  I have a Motorola 360 watch and a Qi charging pad. The watch charges fine but this case doesn't. But hey, it looks nice.
R15V54KBMTQWAY	4	A fun little gadget I’m embarrassed to admit that until recently, I have had a very negative opinion about “selfie sticks” aka “monopods” aka “narcissticks.” But having reviewed a number of them recently, they’re growing on me. This one is pretty nice and simple to set up and with easy instructions illustrated on the back of the box (not sure why some reviewers have stated that there are no instructions when they are clearly printed on the box unless they received different packaging than I did). Once assembled, the pairing via bluetooth and use of the stick are easy and intuitive. Nothing to it.  The stick comes with a USB charging cable but arrived with a charge so you can use it immediately, though it’s probably a good idea to charge it right away so that you have no interruption of use out of the box. Make sure the stick is switched to on (it will light up) and extend your stick to the length you desire up to about a yard’s length and snap away.  The phone clamp held the phone sturdily so I wasn’t worried about it slipping out. But the longer you extend the stick, the harder it is to maneuver.  But that will happen with any stick and is not specific to this one in particular.  Two things that could improve this: 1) add the option to clamp this in portrait orientation instead of having to try and hold the stick at the portrait angle, which makes it feel unstable; 2) add the opening for a tripod so that this can be used to sit upright on a table for skyping and facetime eliminating the need to hold the phone up with your hand, causing fatigue.  But other than that, this is a nice quality monopod for a variety of picture taking opportunities.  I received a sample in exchange for my honest opinion.
RY8I449HNXSVF	5	Five Stars Fits iPhone 6 well
R18TLJYCKJFLSR	5	Great charger Great charger.  I easily get 3+ charges on a Samsung Galaxy 3.  Works perfectly for camping trips or long days on the boat.
R1NK26SWS53B8Q	5	Five Stars Great for the price :-)
R11LOHEDYJALTN	5	Five Stars Great Case, better customer service!
R3ALQVQB2P9LA7	4	Four Stars Easy to set up and use. Great functions for the price
R3MWLXLNO21PDQ	5	Five Stars Works great
R2L15IS24CX0LI	5	So far so good So far so good. It is essentially identical to the one it replaced from another company. That one stopped working after 7 months so I am a bit apprehensive about this one.
R1DJ8976WPWVZU	3	seems durable but these are always harder to get on ... seems durable but these are always harder to get on right than people make them out to be. also send to curl up at the edges after a while. with today's smartphones, you hardly need screen protectors anyway.
R3MRWNNR8CBTB7	5	Super thin, lightweight Super thin, lightweight, and non intrusive. Feels amazing, isn't add protective as other cases but I get to enjoy and show off my phone more.
R1DS6DKTUXAQK3	5	Five Stars As good as the Samsung Galaxies, in my opinion.
RWJM5E0TWUJD2	5	EZOPower I received this on time and its great. I went on a long trip and used it. I have an iPhone 4 s a BLU Android phone and my husband has a small flip phone, it worked great on all of them and I also had a blue tooth I charged on it.
R1XTJKDYNCRGAC	1	Very cheap case. This not protect anything. Very ... Very cheap case. This not protect anything. Very fragil.!! After i got it I went to buy a otter case expensive but worth it.
R2UZL3DPWEU1XW	5	Five Stars son loves it.
R2EZXET9KBFFU3	1	One Star you have to turn power off to this unit once or twice a day to keep it working
R26VY1L1FD3LPU	5	Five Stars Awesome, thank you
R2SSA4NSFCV18T	5	Five Stars nice, smart
R1G6333JHJNEUQ	5	Great headphones for kids We love these headphones. We had a pair each for our 2 and 4 year old. They loved them and thought it was great that they could share one device but each have their own set of headphones. Very comfortable as well.
R2DRG0UZXJQ0PE	5	Five Stars This is well worth the money.
R3SPEGYBROLSP1	1	One Star This cord didn't work at all
R3F2UCQP76K15C	5	I was later able to completely hide all the wires under my dash which made me even happier. I will periodically update on this d Initial review after having this Kinivo for 48 hours?  This has been what I've been searching for the last few years trying to use a system to sync up my calls and music.  I've used the motorola tx550 (terrible), Satechi Soundfly BT, and numerous other failed devices.  I was not only able to set this up in literally under a minute, I was later able to completely hide all the wires under my dash which made me even happier.  I will periodically update on this device.
R2L3WX7SMIV8FH	5	Great cords!! Great cords!! 10ft cords for this price? And they all work just fine, will buy these again!
R34KV4IES8WA1N	1	One Star The car plug in broke within a week of using it.
RNE3IY22V95PL	5	Pairs well with my alcatel onetouch pop 7 tablet Excellent addition to my alcatel one touch pop 7 ,,, case is attractive and we'll made, the keyboard works great with my tablet .. this product brings my tablet to a new level
R65NIT67FDJ0H	4	Not bad at all. Not bad. I LOVE these style of Bluetooth headsets. This one is slightly different from my very first pair I got over a year ago. They are the same shape but this one is not as finished as my current set.  The sound quality is not as clear as my QCY set but is pretty good. It has a nice balance of sound and the bass is sufficient. The sound quality is not like those expensive Beats or bose headphones, but it’s good enough for the price point. These go in the ear so it does block sound out. It blocks noise out so well that when I’m using these in the office, I can get more work done because I don’t hear the chatter of people around me.  These use your standard micro usb cables so there’s no fear if you lose the cable that this set comes with. It charges up full in about an hour from dead and right out of the box it charged up in about 30 minutes. The battery life lasts me about 3 work days before needing to be recharged and that includes using it while on the way home from work which is a one hour minimum drive to and from the office.  When using this for phone calls, you must leave the left ear piece hanging down around your neck. The microphone is on that earpiece. If you leave it in your ear, the person on the other end will not hear you clearly because the mic will be by your ear. The one thing this set is missing is a clip so you can clip that ear piece onto your collar for phone calls. If you’re like me and always moving around, if the earpieces shuffles around, the person on the phone can hear all the movement.  Also, the volume button. It is very temperamental. When I try to hit volume up, I barely touch it and it adjusts volume. When I press down on it adjust volume it has a slow reaction. It’s almost like it works like a touch screen. Holding down the volume up and down buttons while listening to music will skip forward and back on your song list. With very minimal buttons, this is a very easy headset to use. It comes with an instructional booklet complete with photo to show you where the buttons and mic are.  It comes with multiple ear pieces so you can change them out to the most comfortable size for you.  I was provided a promotional sample for my honest review.s with an instructional booklet complete with photo to show you where the buttons and mic are.  It comes with multiple ear pieces so you can change them out to the most comfortable size for you.  I was provided a promotional sample for my honest review.
R1KGBXK80M1R30	5	No water here Daughter couldn't go down the river without her phone, so we had to get a case.  This worked perfectly. Not so big that it was hard to carry, and kept the water out!  She keeps it in the bathroom now and uses it when she takes a bath.  Glad it works!
R3MN996N2GO2RD	4	Four Stars Foam not good, clips ok so far...
R18PBERCEATYEO	2	Two Stars right after I posted favorable review I noticed it was broken.
R1576WSQIOU45F	5	Five Stars very good
R2ZYZJI6R9ATDL	5	Five Stars ok
R3HXHIAJC3UZKD	5	Great product! This product is nicer that I was expecting.  And, arrived early!
R3MZUQRRR2555B	4	... didn't give this 5 stars was that it was super tough to get on and off the phone the only reason i didn't give this 5 stars was that it was super tough to get on and off the phone. other than that it's a solid case and it worked to expectation. i dropped my phone a few times while using this case and the case held up.  i was given this case at a discounted rate in return for an unbiased opinion.
RD9SH7L0OFR01	5	Beautiful Watch Stand/Charger I purchased this as a gift for my brother who just got an Apple watch in July. He loves it! Being a person who works with wood, he especially loved the wood look, very pretty. It works quite well and was well-priced on Amazon.
R3FLFXDI6CDTS4	5	Five Stars excelente
R3ACAUE7ZTCE7G	5	Perfect fit! The case fits perfectly on my Son's phone. Thanks for the fast shipment of the order.
R2KWWKW7DA19B6	2	I like the dreamcatcher graphic a lot It's okay. I like the dreamcatcher graphic a lot. The case itself is very thin and the edging on her sides is not seamless. The edges have a small plastic &#34;tail&#34; that is left over from when the case was cut. It's not horrible but it is noticeable and annoying.  Not sure what I expected though, afterall its $5.
R1KBYD7KND6KUE	5	Five Stars Great price and fast shipping highly recommended.
R19SUDXUKPGJVB	5	Too Many people Sleeping on this phone I'm not going to tell you that you should buy this phone, I'll givethe pros and the cons and let you decide for yourself Pros &#34;Durable&#34;    I don't know if Lg of America purposely makes they're phones in America easy to break the screen but this one Right here is a champion. Dropped this on cement, Hard Tile floor, on the sidewalk, and a few Other non carpeted areas. I don't know if it's the construction itself that makes it strong or maybe that LG Of Korea purposely made this phone very strong since it's marketed to teens and younger folks, or maybe it's because every time you dropped the phone instead of it's falling all in one piece and absorbing all the Impact, the back comes off and the battery comes out oftentimes but when you put it back together it works fine. I even had a few front facing dropS so many times I thought oh my God this is it my phone is shattered but I was wrong I am so confident in this phone that I Could do a ear height drop test anytime anywhere and I'm 100 percent sure it won't break and I'm 5ft 10. I don't even have a case on it it's just the screen protector and that's it.  Good Conversation starter (The Eyes)  you have no idea how many conversations have started Because of this.  Me: *Takes my phone out of my pocket to see notifications*  Her: &#34;Omg, does your phone have eyes? Thats sooo cute&#34;  Me:yeah, it's a lil phone from Korea. The Lg aka. check it out it's eye's move too. It even blinks too Her: Thats so adorable, Im ******* by the way.  Continue talking and i ended up getting so many kiks/phone number because of that but i digress. (It's Still Corvette over females doe) A great way to break the ice.  Audio  The Sounds sounds great coming through the speakers no cracking or nothing like that, it's not super loud but if you put it at full volume here and enjoy it even if you're a good distance away. earbuds, it works with every pair of earbuds I have very compatible. Crisp .plus with the LG software their version of the music app you have the option to increase t, the treble, all that. I love that features some songs just don't sound the same without all that bass.let's see what else can I say about the sound? the notifications can be nice and loud. And yeah if you're really into music this is a great phone.  Design   if you are coming from some other company and you're used to the buttons on the sideit'll take a little while but eventually you'll get used to the volume rockers and power button being on the back. and if you don't want to have to deal with that this phone has knock knock you tap on the screen twice to wake it up and then you can enter your password and all that instead of using the little button on the back. and most of the time you can use the littles options At top to adjust the volume but as I said before it's pretty easy To get used to. Plus the phone looks nice, its not ugly.  Call quality The call quality is decent. I thought since this phone was from overseas the call Quality might be off but now it's on point. Texting works normally too .  The speed  if you are used to be mid-range phones, this is quite a little Speedy One.   The Flex factor  lots of people buy Phones As fashion statement, the question is if my  put his galaxy/iPhone/Note/ on the table and you put yo phone next to theirs how would it stack up? I would give this phone a 7. Its pretty nice and if you keep it clean(its easy,every not and again wipe wit a lil rubbing alcohol) you can flex on anyone. Looks like one of them $700 Flagships. If yo guy friends see the eyes however they might clown ya. But that don't matter. The eyes are cool to me and that's all that matter.  Security Lots of options to keep it safe. Bunch of lock options and it has lookout too.at least mine did you might have to install it.  accessories  If you like customization this phone comes with funny lil stickers to put on it. If you older you might not care but i found this cool.  Weight  Its not heavy. I likes this.   OsThe operating system is Kitkat, I personally like KitKat. it gets the job done and it doesn't have too many features that I'll never use thatll just drain my battery.  Memory   16 gigs of internal space . And thats good considering my other phone before this had 8 . Up to 32 gb with a memory card but I used a 64 gb chip and it's worked fine.  Auto focus lazer  Cool feature on the camera very useful. And it can shoot high resolution video  Battery   lasts a while. I can get 6 hours wifi on heavy use but if the brightness is at 100 you lose some up time. And if yiu get a replacement battery you can just switch it out bam.  Cons  Camera isn't highest quality. Kinda grainy.  Not waterproof/Water resistant. Thats how my broke. Not broke but it's messed up pretty bad.   Price. Depending on what color you get this can go up to be 300 dollars, them Amazon vendors tryna rip y'all off this a $200/$250 Phone don't be rash wait till the price go down.  Front facing camera is not that great either but you can see so its not complete trash.  Too much stuff. Too many apps pulling on the ram makes it studder occasionally. Not bad but you'll notice it.   5 inches. I came from 4.7 in, i though well .3 in isn't that big of a jump but I was wrong, sometimes I have difficulty reaching the top of the screen to pull down my notification thing. Not the phone fault my hands just wasn't  for 5 in.   Micro sim. I had a regular sim. But its alright T-Mobile switch it and gave me a new one free.  I lied at the start. You should buy this if you think it's cool
R2ZHHWBPM9FBD8	5	Five Stars love it
R13V0HC4L9ECDE	1	does not work Bought a puretalk prepaid sim card for this phone and the phone does not work/connect to the network. Lame...
R1IZNBOV3L5F0S	5	Great case! &#34;This a great looking and highly functional case for the iPhone 6.It is a nice solid construction and doesn't add too much bulk to the phone.The case is a little stiff and not that easy to separate.You need to follow the instruction carefully.You should  remove screen protectors at first. You are advised to test the case for waterproofness by placing a piece of paper in the case then dunking it in water. This I did with no problems, the paper was bone dry All the ports are sealed with stoppers so it should be completely sealed. The buttons were still easy to press with the case on and the fingerprint sensor works perfectly; All in all, I like this case and recommend it. &#34;
RGAPEQ5KY83QM	5	You need to buy one!!! This is my 8th time buying one of these. Not because they don't last, but because everyone always thinks they are cool and I let them have it. Love the fact that you can turn anything with an AUX input to Bluetooth!
R2W2UYD2H35OPQ	4	Vivofit2 review Its annoyingly good at reminding me to get up and move.  Wish it would track 'movement' as well as steps.. and of course I wish it had a vibrate feature. but so far so good.
R3C52X39X5IW3M	3	love polka dots Best quality
R1VX3PP8OVEDOH	4	I liked the macro lens the most I liked the macro lens the most. So sharp! I gave it 4 stars because the wide angle had so much vignette. But this thing is totally worth the money! Works in Sony Xperia z3 compact.
R32I3OFJD3C7JQ	4	Four Stars As past reviewers had indicated, it is a bit bulky and the connections are not tight, but it works.
R33T5ZP2M2QGYH	5	nice cover fits perfect. doesn't interfere with pockets and purse much. clear color lets me see phone, which I wanted!
R3SZQLFW4Q57TT	5	Five Stars Good protection.
R2DG8BIUXJS4ZA	4	Fantastic case. Looks slick as can be Fantastic case. Looks slick as can be. The hard buttons remain fully functional. Only reason it doesn't get a 5 is that the case is very difficult to remove, and also, the input for the charger will not fit all chargers. Otherwise, it's a beautiful case.
R1PO1FLLNSK07D	5	Five Stars Very sturdy, keeps phone nice and safe!
RRMLJ4KHSKI2O	3	I wanted to like these headphones They sounded okay, they had plenty of the skipping that is all too well known with bluetooth headphones, very difficult for me to get the right fit with these. I wanted to like these headphones, but the Blue Buds X were just a hands down winner, the Blue Buds just have too many better features to go with freedoms instead. Durability wise, only time will tell. But these freedoms weren't as good sounding to me, the ear hooks were not as comfortable as I was expecting, I also prefer the Blue Buds due to their smaller size. The price is higher, I bit the bullet and bought them and I am so much happier with them than I was with the cheaper alternatives. I use the Comply Foam Tips and they improve any set of headphones dramatically in My opinion.
RNJY7OTFUE3FA	5	Five Stars Great
R1G8HQ361F2OGF	1	broken when came in I just received mine and it was broken I didn't even get to use it! !!!!! Horrible care!
RU9N5CP0EULH2	5	Five Stars Nice product.  Does, as advertised.  Getting used to not carrying a wallet and only carrying necessary with me.
R3HZ3E1YG21IYU	5	Though the case is a lot slippery i liked it more than the leather one I bought at ... Fits perfectly. Saved my iPhone from getting damaged quite few times, forcing me to keep using. Though the case is a lot slippery i liked it more than the leather one I bought at Apple Store. Looks not compromised. Phone feels lot slimmer. No weight added. Overall great case :)
RFEZZOVUSFRVU	3	Case is pretty decent nice snug fit on my phone but the ... Case is pretty decent nice snug fit on my phone but the kick stand on the phone is really difficult to use.
R3GYWKRG8YU7K4	5	Five Stars is awesome
R3QP6739WN6HCP	1	Gave it away for my son to play with don't waste your Not what I expected at all.  Online description misleading.  Gave it away for my son to play with  don't waste your money
R3VKL3BZ460UIX	5	Five Stars Everything was great. Thank you.
R26Y5V697YUXR0	4	Good value Quality is not great but for the price is completely acceptable. Very cool design and zipper works easily; cloth cord does not tangle much. Bought these mostly for the cool and anti-tangle design, very pleased with it. Would be 5 star if not for the sound quality but I would buy these again if I needed another pair of cheap earbuds to toss in a bag and take out without having to spend ten minutes detangling them.
R32N2H6YOFW9ET	1	totally disappointed. Do not buy this product Doesn't work on my iPad Air. Would not advised purchasing this product. I have tried different charging bricks and it's the same thing, I get a message that my iPad is not charging.
R33FNQ2SKQ5RFQ	3	This case did not work with aftermarket charger cords; ... This case did not work with aftermarket charger cords; but to clarify they did work with my cords purchased from Apple. I had to notch out the openings a bit to get the aftermarket cord to fit. Otherwise, durable and dependable.
R65UOOB3YPEBI	5	I love my I love my case
RYOKT5V30XMHZ	2	Two Stars Is rubbing off
R31IEIYS60RHSE	2	Two Stars It's good for its price but does not last long.
R2HYJP62YZY8ON	5	Great case! Fits perfectly even with a tempered glass ... Great case! Fits perfectly even with a tempered glass screen protector. It does add bulk to the phone but makes it easier to carry which is a huge plus :) Lime green is a fantastic color.
R3F7RRKCV3B3S4	1	Did not fit!!! The screen protector was not wide enough, did not fit phone properly!! :/
R65NZHJZDFDZ3	3	It's not bad, but I wish it would've been a bit ... I'm 50/50 about this product. It's not bad, but I wish it would've been a bit more durable and less thin plastic-y.
R2CHNHYKO4Y34Y	5	Five Stars Excellent product, fast shipping!!!
RZO2Q2E66087O	4	... one for her as well - This is a great charger and a great buying experience After seeing and using ours a friend asked that I get one for her as well - This is a great charger and a great buying experience.
R351BNRSE6PMEO	5	Five Stars Don't give a bad review because you didn't do the research and ordered the wrong part.
R13QJXK3WBXYIF	1	I was so disappointed. The cord looked so high quality and beautiful The part that connects to the tablet broke after the first use. No kidding. The part that is important is actually the weakest part. I was so disappointed. The cord looked so high quality and beautiful.
RSCTBW8L7IDIN	4	iPHONE 6 PLUS CASE Product acceptable. Sturdy
RWI1X0QUZ3UNR	5	It is great. It take a little to instal, but it works perfectly. I works with my Amazon Echo.
RG3K97QDFILJ6	1	Not so great Glass shattered during installation. There is no protective cover on the front side of the glass to protect it during installation on the device.  The instructions on the package do not correspond to the actual contents of the box for installation.  Overall poor installation instructions.  I have no idea who the product performs as I never made it that far.  I have installed several Zagg glass screen protectors and never had one break before.  This brand is well below the quality of Zagg Glass.  The only reason I tried this brand is that Zagg does not make one for the Kindle HD 7.  A very disappointing result.
R2P5D8GO4JXDDS	5	Easy to apply Fast delivery.  Easy to apply!
R1TGVW1XQVPTRN	5	Five Stars Love it
RQE68IRX5YHAD	4	Has been working just fine, with the exception of a small interference sound when I move my cell phone Good cassette adapter. My husband and I just bought a Subaru OUtback 2002 with CD and cassette players. We were afraid to try this to plug our cell phones into the car stereo, because some reviews say that it completely damaged the car sound system, but so far, we've been using for 4 days and , it has been working in a very good way.  The only thing that I didn't like, which prevented me for putting 5 stars, it was a small interference sound when I move the cell phone. That is all.
R1G7J2VAMI4AEC	5	Good product. Please note that it is not a ... Good product.  Please note that it is not a floating case.  They don't claim it is but I somehow was thinking it was.  It is a good price and does what it says.
R3W2SGER0NRKS9	5	Hawt case!!!! I love it. Item is exactly as described and pictured.
RTU94GY7Y9FL9	1	One Star i have to return this
R15F4ZA8L6G85M	5	Five Stars Love the price for a great product
R2EJAR1FC8MYD6	2	Not a very suitable option The box was alright but after a short while the box starts falling apart and it rattles about ten times louder than the actual sub. Ruins the listening experience majorly. Ended up putting in screws throughout most of the box and still can not find the source of the rattling exactly.
R3K4L2QHCC7B2Z	5	it's a really good little camera It took a little time for me to write this review because I prefer to try a product out completely over time. I did have a problem with the cable, the camera would shut off when the car was in motion and I would have to screw around with the connector to get it to turn on again, after a few miles it would shut off again, this was corrected when I notified the company which promptly sent me a new cable. The problem now seems to be fixed. About the camera itself...it's a really good little camera, the picture is really clear and the colors are very natural. This camera rivals many more expensive models. Take a look at the YouTube videos, they speak for themselves. The only problem I have (with any of these cameras) is, the setting buttons are really small, for a man's hands that can be a problem, but other than that I really don't have any other complaints with this camera. It does what it was designed to do. The company is really nice to deal with if you do have a problem, like with any electronic device, things can and do go wrong sometimes, but this company responds quickly to rectify a problem which keeps their costumers happy. Over all, I'm very satisfied with my purchase and would recommend this very reasonably priced camera to any one looking to purchase a car camera. When an accident happens, and they do, it's nice to have a visual account to protect yourself. This is a very sensible purchase for anyone.
R2NZN2QTI0ZWVO	5	Five Stars The best phone case I ever bought!
R2I3ZVD4RV1TDR	1	Not Apple Certified I bought this charger because it was long and apple certified and from Amazon. However, I have had it for about a month and now no longer works because it is says it isn't apple certified which is the way it is described in the name of the product. I hope the company can send me a new iPhone charger because this one is no longer working.
R3EI1CBL2PFLL4	5	Work great and exceeded my expectations with both build and sound quality.  Pleasantly surprised. Works as described.  I bought it to have earphones with some noise blocking capability for use on a tractor.  I have ear-bud phones which block noise and these block better with better sound and no more gooey-squishy-sweat in my ear canals.  I have paired it with 2 tablets (one android, one Windows) and my phone all easily.  Good sound quality. Does not block enough outside sound to serve as hearing protection, nor would I expect it to, but it is close and works well for my needs in a tractor which isn't very loud.  Pros:  Good sound quality.  Voice notifications lets you know on/off/pairing.  Comfortable (fits fully over my ears).  Range; I tried pairing to my phone when outside ready to hit the tractor and it wouldn't do it....came to realize it was still connected inside to my tablet which I had to go inside to disconnect.  Nice compact case. Cons:  At this price point I can't complain.  The USB charger cable is unique and may be difficult to replace (USB to mic jack). They feel &#34;flimsy&#34; but then that means they are lightweight and comfortable for work-use or long games. Unknowns:  I haven't run the battery dead yet to know run time; at least a few hours.  Microphone; haven't tried it.  Bottom line:  when these wear out I will get another pair.  I will probably buy two more for my kids for road trips as they have systematically destroyed the &#34;wire&#34; with each wired set that I have bought them.
R2PFN1OYW283EJ	1	One Star I wanted to transfer pictures, but it did not work.  What I actually needed was a memory card.
R3CGELDM824FG8	5	Five Stars Very good quality for the price.
R316IWC16L1JL7	2	Pretty noisy. Embarrassing to use in conference room with ... Didn't realize it has an internal fan.  Pretty noisy.  Embarrassing to use in conference room with others.
R3QVK8H5OGKZHJ	3	Three Stars Ok
R2VTH4AXEG1NFP	4	Works well works well.  Can charge my iPad as well as my phone on one charge.  Very handy to take on a trip.
R3MGC0DFY0BE92	5	Slick! Gives my phone that same iPhone modern look but is unique, lots of compliments already.
R1UDIDVSHQRCNR	5	Great Great product. Works well.
RUU7HGP6QQIKC	5	Best Mobile Phone Mount I've Ever Used I am VERY happy with this holder.  The suction mount and positioning abilities are very high quality.  I use a 5.5 inch screen phone and a thin, hard-shell case.  The thin, metal plate fits easily between the back of my phone and its case, and it holds very firmly on the TechMatte's magnet.  I don't need the gripper portion, although it is also very nice quality.  And while it holds firmly, it also comes off when I want to grab my phone. What I like the most about this mount is the ability to quickly put the phone on, or take it off with one hand and no fumbling about.  You can place the phone on it lengthwise, or straight up and down without difficulty.  Once on, the phone doesn't move while I'm driving through any turns, stops, or bumps.  It's just plain easy, reliable and functional. The mount's suction cup is the best I've ever used -- and I've used many over the years.  It'll hold firm on any windshield, or on a dashboard horizontal pad.  The angle adjustments are easy to use, also high quality, and they hold firmly once in place. This product is absolute proof of &#34;you get what you pay for.&#34;  Sure, you can get a cheaper Chinese knock-off on Ebay...but it won't be anything nearly as good.  I'm sold.  I'll be happy with this system for years.  I will likely purchase more as gifts for my kids this Christmas.
R3OJTW2XL3S7RY	5	Five Stars Saved myself from getting the apple band
R1MIEJ73CI7CX0	4	Great case. Great case...but when i clean my home phone button with awesome spray it touches lil bit of casing frame and all suden change color for that particular part
R3CWRO16YJZ2VO	5	This case for the GoPro is perfect for two cameras and accessories This case for the GoPro is perfect for two cameras and accessories. It will protect your gear very well without weighing you down, especially if you are traveling.
R348421ZSQV6E4	5	Five Stars Works well and the replacement tips make it a worthy investment.
R3HYIG2YKZZVMA	5	Poor quality control I ordered two of these about 1.5 months ago. The first one did not work correctly right out of the box. Would not even charge my smart phone one time before running out of juice. On the second unit the power button fell off after only a few weeks. I am very disappointed in these.  Update:  After writing the previous review the manufacturer reached out to me and offered to send me replacements.  This was outstanding customer service and in every way makes up for the previous shortcomings.  The new chargers both are functioning flawlessly and have neither issue the previous chargers had.  I am not very happy with my purchase.
R15FI87GLS87G1	5	Five Stars Exactly as described and depicted in the photo
R36XXP2D6V1CMJ	1	I ordered one and it's really pretty I love the decoration but within one day of ... I ordered one and it's really pretty I love the decoration but within one day of having it, the corner was cracked and I didn't even drop my phone. So I ordered the free replacement and I had it for about a week an it's already chipped out of the bottom corner and again, I haven't dropped my phone.
RB2F47GG909JY	5	Five Stars Looks great. Functions nicely.
R3SV2ELC9EAZ32	2	Made cheaply, does not last - I would not trust putting my phone underwater in this Did not test if it is actually waterproof but this case is very flimsy. The door for the charger port snapped off and the plastic base cracked. I went through two of these in a month. For a better quality case, get an Otterbox. If you want to take pictures underwater, just get a waterproof camera. I wouldn't risk breaking a $600 phone but if you want to...
R17FNW2A62JB1F	5	love this product love this product. Protected my phone for 2 years without peeling off. Had to change my phone and this is the first thing I bought for it. Must have!
R25CW43OA9B0OZ	5	This mount is excellent. Easy to use This mount is excellent. Easy to use, stays in place without any slipping (about two weeks of use at this point), and could clearly accommodate most types of phones. Highly recommended.
R1CGT8LT9KOXJI	3	They're "Ok" I like the style, I have a large head but these fit and stay in place, and they're cheap (notice I said cheap, not inexpensive).  If they didn't cost so little (especially for wireless) I would rate lower but for $23 I got what I paid for.  They'll replace my corded headset for doing physical work but only because I've had it with ripping corded phones out of my ears. They won't replace my corded phones while at the office though.  The drivers lack bass and there's a slight tunnel effect to the audio.  This is however my first Bluetooth headset so that may be typical. These are meant for wireless convenience and I'll give the sound quality a pass at this price point - they do what is necessary of them.  All of the buttons besides the MFB are conveniently placed and easy to use, but the MFB button is located towards the inside of the earbud instead of the back so you have to almost pull the the earbud out to access it - especially with the rubber &#34;waterproofers&#34; installed.  I can't attest yet to the battery life.  If they last 5 hours at a time I'll be happy.  The start/stop feature stops working occasionally and I have to unlock my phone before I can stop the music from the headset.  This may be an issue with my phone though, a Moto G first-gen.  And finally the rubber buds were all but useless.  In the attached picture you'll see of the buds that came on the headphones (to the farthest right in the picture), one was larger (top) than the other (bottom).  And then the other 2 sets were defective in that the &#34;rim&#34; that attaches to the stem of the headphones is at the front of the earbuds instead of the back.  For instance if you look at the earbuds to the right of the picture (the ones that came on the headset) you'll notice (or not) the black rim is in the back.  But the other 2 sets (left and center) you'll notice the front of the buds are dark - that is the rim which is supposed to be in the back.So these other 2 sets only attach if you put them on backwards, i.e. with the &#34;output&#34; hole onto the stem.  I docked a star for this and thought about RMA'ing but because of shipping/handling charges and the fact that I have other rubber buds from other sets I've purchased in the past, I didn't bother.  I was hoping for more but got about what I expected.  My biggest disappointment was in the defective rubber buds.
R13TEBGZ7VADTT	4	Works and looks great. Charging is a bit slow Works and looks great. Charging is a bit slow, but I use it to charge my phone overnight on the night stand.
R2SW2D0GC4P0DJ	2	Two Stars So so
RA63FG8UNNM3X	5	Awesome charging cord This is a very nice quality charger.  It works great and looks good doing it.
R1ULXNNTJS75D4	5	Excellent! Does exactly what it should, and seems much better than the plastic film type.. worth it!
R2T2SNUG480RC4	1	Thank you Sorry just not what I expected
R2DXQI1Y9URE8X	4	Four Stars Nice and good work..
R1GA0271RTB3WG	4	Four Stars It was an okay case and the back is really crystal clear
R13R976IG0KOJ	5	Puuuuuuuuuurfect!!! Best investments iPhone case wise. No longer do I carry my wallet and cash. Just my DL, American Express and 2 Debit cards.
R2WOW0TURNXB26	3	Pretty Disappointed RVer Bought this unit to use in our travel trailer, as I assumed the RV-special features would keep us on the best roads.  Not so!  In just two weeks of use, this thing has told me to &#34;leave the road&#34; twice, and taken me to a gas station that hasn't been a gas station in years.  The first time I used it, I was in a familiar area, and if I hadn't known that the GPS was trying to take me down horse path (literally) I'd have been in trouble. I'm pretty disappointed at the accuracy, and the database is just 'so-so'.  And, it took 14 hours to &#34;update&#34; the database from my USB on my computer, which I did right out of the box.  May have been my PC (I don't think so), but that big of an update made me think it'd be accurate in terms of closed facilities and road accesses.  It's not.  The feature that I do like is having rest stops, truck stops and available bathroom stops at the touch of a button (even if they're not terribly accurate), so we're going to keep the thing, rather than return it.  I now run both this mediocre thing AND my Google Maps navigation on the smartphone at the same time, 'cause I don't completely trust the Garmin, but Maps doesn't have the one-touch access for stopping points.  Wish there was one unit that did everything we wanted... hard to believe in this age of technology that there isn't... :-(
R3E0EO8XB9XGNY	5	Good quality lenses without unnecessary frills Good goggles without the frill of the later versions.  I have not compared to other cardboard goggles, but I would guess these are relatively high quality lenses, with plastic frames instead of cardboard.  I did not have any problems using them.  The lack of a visor to block outside light was not an issue.  I did feel a little carsick, though.  Because of the carsickness, I do not regret the lack of a headband.  My arms do not get tired from holding the apparatus for the short periods I feel comfortable using it.  And it feels more natural to be holding it to your face while turning around, rather than relying on a headband to hold cardboard against your face.
R172GEYARY7AKD	1	Really disappointed! We have tried all of the cords in the pack.  They seem to work a couple of times and then they don't charge any longer. Really disappointed!
R3ISDLB6ZKHZB3	5	Five Stars Perfect sound like LG
R1SD1V8PGO6XAX	4	Even old farts like this! My daughter bought this for me, about 2 weeks ago.  This is a really great way to keep track of your activity level, especially since I am now semi-retired.  It gives me an extra nudge to &#34;get up, and keep moving.&#34;  I'm actually enjoying it more than I thought I would.
R18VCGZBHWGS6X	1	Cracked after three weeks. I really liked this product. Very smooth feel - even better than actual screen. Which is strange because you would never say that about a condom. Anywho my opinion changed when a 36&#34; fall from my desk onto carpet caused the screen protector to crack. Very delicate.
R3TFUF5AZ4SPZJ	5	Five Stars Thanks
R15CNQZW96NE0R	3	Three Stars I had a little trouble with fit.  It's okay. I feel that my phone is well protected.
RWJ2GUG98LLLI	5	Five Stars nice phone,
R1TXQOT585H398	5	Five Stars Good strong. Hope it holds up!
R1SOEJC9ORK08C	5	Great item great little organizer. very solid and attractive
R335FKSK57C53E	1	One Star The clap broke 😑
R7R2TMU99TE1J	3	Three Stars It's alright.
R6DQD15H4RPPK	5	Five Stars great product
R2WWXIBJ7VZNOO	1	Works for 3 months and tip of cable stock in ... Works for 3 months and tip of cable stock in my phone. Contact saler told me have to ship the defectid item and then they raplace it. Not worth to buy
R238MUZRHLLLIG	5	Perfect fit. Cute and it's not bulky at all.
R5XNXHEB4OGNP	3	Could be better! First off, the seller was Great. Item arrived in a very timely manner. The actual materials of this 3 piece case appear to be very rugged. The only exception might be the belt clip (time will tell). However, once you put the silicone gel around the phone, then proceed to slide the phone into the middle bracing part, you have no way to avoid putting stress on the volume rocker and power buttons. You just have to work those buttons into the cutouts. If, like me, you choose to use the belt clip case, inserting and removing the phone can be a challenge. At first, I found myself accidentally taking screen shots because of the pressure being put on the power and volume rocker buttons while sliding the phone in and out of the belt clip case (very tight). Plus the gel covering tends to fold up when pulling phone out. The solution? Well, this is a &#34;flip screen phone,&#34; so I just put it into the belt clip case right side up even though I would rather put it in right side down (The reason: hand down at side to hand up at ear. Results when I pull the phone out, the phone goes from right side down in case to right side up at ear). Overall Pros: 1) Material used appear to be very durable. 2) Kickstand seems to work very well. Overall Cons: 1) Phone is tight in belt clip. 2) Silicone gel gets a lot of friction when putting in and pulling out of belt clip case. 3) Although silicone gel cover has some notches on the sides, feels a little slick. 4) Molded area for earphone plug isn't big enough for a complete flush connection. ... On a sidenote, I accidentally purchased the same two cases from two different sellers, thought I was ordering two DIFFERENT cases (my bad). Once again, not the worst case but could be better. Nothing against either seller, they were great!
R205T7SR4ECS80	4	Four Stars Works Great!
R1YUM1Y94Z3B02	5	but the case works great. Fits great and very slim I wish the bottom and top edges were a little more rigid, but the case works great. Fits great and very slim.
R3A4YW5MB06S39	5	Concerned about Radiation EMF / EMR I have been concerned about radiation (EMF and EMR) for some time now. This product blocks the radiation and was inexpensive and effective. I am very satisfied.
R2WR4AHXLQQZHN	2	Did not like. Fit well but looked like water under part of the shield. I threw it away.
R2NX0I8ESX2ENO	3	Three Stars Not easy to open or close
R30MDA1HZ7OPQE	5	Five Stars Great product. Works like a charm! Highly recommend this seller.
R473P9ECNOQXM	4	She seems very happy with it so far Bought this case for my daughters phone.  She seems very happy with it so far.
R2TGMAYFBQI1YB	5	Great Customer Service! First one was defective but power add replaced right away and everything great now.  Thanks Poweradd!
R2D8V38ILXCBIV	5	Five Stars All good. I ordered several of these and they are great.
R189IIMDISSDOI	1	It is used when it is claimed " brand new" If I could, I will give it 0 star. I bought 2 days ago and was very happy to receive today. But when I opened it and found it was made in 2013. After installation, the battery was 34% full, 30 minutes later, it became 14% full. Then I used IbackupBot to check and found the battery already has 508 count cycles.  I can accept I bought a brand new defect product, but I can not accept I bought a used product when it was claimed &#34;brand new&#34;.
R3Q1X3CMHOLADJ	5	Very nice, smooth to touch Very nice, smooth to touch. I usually have problems with regular plastic screen protectors. I accidentally scratch those, a bit of it will come off but since the matte is so smooth, it's impossible to scratch. Comes with three also so it's worth it!
RCGS5U08GZ7QM	1	One Star Loose connections, flimsy quality. Charger continues to drop out.
R1U2BLIEHMQEC3	1	The worst case They is the really poor quality Falls were not 4 corners broken down
R2UQ9UBRYK30WS	3	Three Stars Needs to be worked with Audacity.  which is cumbersome to work with.
RNFE5YVWUEW18	4	Four Stars Shipping was slow but good product
R2BRPNMBPUZZ7U	5	Great case for the price! Very impressed with this case. It was exactly what I wanted without any of the added bulk other cases seem to have. It went on easy and fits the phone snug. It was exactly what I wanted!
R1PQDZSHV1860M	5	Five Stars Nice that it doubles as a wallet.
R2ZG02JH779P16	5	Five Stars Works great
R3035QZ3GUVKKO	3	Bought s better case. Def not worth Didn't protect the front. It was ok. Bought s better case. Def not worth $10
R1UBWNWZEETND8	5	Five Stars Durable case on construction site!
R1QAXZ359KRT6A	4	Four Stars Cute and does what it says!
R22RAA55QJN8AV	5	Five Stars Excellent seller. 100% recommended. Thank you
R3O8GB9S9AT0F	5	Five Stars I LIKE THEM !!!
R1FZBDYHCZHBGR	5	Five Stars Thank you for your dealings and goods Good
R3LH2AO0HU8DU5	1	One Star I did not like it, it barely fit felt cheesy and it broke on me the next day
R2EULW0Y41X5T8	4	Great Experience! My order came in promptly  and very happy with the purchase.
R3Q4JAPXWCCJU7	5	Great Product! It holds my phone in place and ... Great Product! It holds my phone in place and it does not slip off or anything. Definitely recommend.
R3TW6HQAQUMZNE	5	Five Stars great one i like it
R3IQ7ISJP16BEN	5	Best Low-Bulk, Port-Covering Case This is the 3rd time I have purchased the SwitchEasy Numbers case. It provides just enough protection without adding too much bulk to the iPhone 6+.  And it's the only case I know of that covers the power and headphone ports - important for me because I carry my phone in my pocket and the covers keep the lint out.  A little extra work when you want to charge your phone or connect to your car stereo, but totally worth it!
R2E1GMXW7F3EE9	1	Terrible! Don't waste your money or time buying them. They are fake and the connection is terrible. They don't stay charged long at all.
R2XQ3Z6IF9ZTDA	5	perfect perfect for what I needed
R1PO3KEHCRAQD2	1	One Star The backing is made out of a rubber material that rubs when I run
R18DMFG74BVW60	5	Five Stars Just what I needed for my phone!
R2V4XFJZRCYOSW	5	great phone case Nice and sturdy, not cheap. Fits perfectly
R2KPS2UE23EYIO	5	Five Stars good product
R1EJV69RXT1VM6	5	Best headphones I've ever owned I've purchased many items through Amazon and have never left reviews. This will be my first review in over 5 years because they are so good. I bought them to wear with my phone so I don't have a cord jammed between my fingers.  I compared the prices of other Web sites and went to best buy and these were the cheapest. I was expecting much less than what I received.  Well made with lots of ear fittings. I've used some beats before and these are right up there with the sound quality. Expecially if your watching movies. I use them all the time and am extremely satisfied.
RRS3JP1BZRBAP	5	The second was intact and I like it. It replaced the wimpy one that came ... This is an almost indestructible plastic cover, and almost no bubbles.  My copy created a permanent bubble around the rear-facing camera, I think because of the camera indention.  The OEM protector was cut around that camera.  The first one arrived badly smashed - this is a ridged piece, not a thin film, and someone sat something heavy on it in-transit.  The second was intact and I like it.  It replaced the wimpy one that came on the phone, and within weeks had scratches on it.  Forget those three-packs of thin film, this is the kind of protector that works.  Wonder if they make one for a Nikon....
R6IBIPK1NIOCW	1	Poor quality Earphones only lasted a week before the cord started to fray and the wires become exposed.  Before that they were staticky and lost sound in one ear if I moved the device at all.  Unbelievable.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Waiting for a replacement pair of DECENT earphones now, will never buy these again.
R1VLIJZI5K07QR	3	Comfortable but has a constant buzzing sound There is always a slight buzzing but they are very comfortable to wear, I got them to listen to before I go to sleep so it isn't a huge deal.
R3F0HAJEHQUZNO	5	Music thru Aux in Toyota Works perfect in my iPhone playing music thru my Aux in 2010 ToyotaTacoma.
R92M5NYRYTUA0	5	Five Stars I love this case. A great way to keep your phone charged as well as protecting it. Definitely recommend!!
RDT4RPB4KF4FB	1	One Star It was cheaply made
R2DPBA0KEA3K5P	1	Don't waste your money. Get an Otter Box. awful case. the screen protector got dust between it and the adhesive on the protector came loose within 3 weeks. the plastic inner part of the case started cracking and I didn't even drop it yet! I can't return it now that it is broken but i wish i could. Im just going to get an otter box commuter for better quality.
R26S1KJL72463X	4	Four Stars Love this!
R8JYFIZ6D7CJM	5	Great radio for the price Great radio for the price. Awesome when it's paired with an apple device. Has a few small quirks but I can only imagine an upcoming update would take care of it. Tons of settings and user friendly.
R2EDKH5PDGC220	1	Nope. Pro: Size is convenient. Looks cool but not very functional. Cons: Would not stay in my ears, I should not have to struggle just to get it in my ears. It should be as simple as 1,2,3, Go. Not, put it in, possible use a mirror to help with the positioning, hook the ear piece thing and hope it doesn't fall out when you actually start moving. Buttons are tiny, hard to feel when you want to change the volume. Also feels like it is raping my ear canal every time I need to move it ! No thanks, I'll stick with my LG's.
R1Y9YH2WJ83U3	5	Perfect Just finished using it while on a trip. Loved being able to keep my tablet operating while in flight.  It also indicates how much power is left.  No guessing game here.  Automatically turns off after using.
R3A3KIGRT6I3YJ	1	Dont Buy! Stopped working after a month
R1JWSHX0S0BD5H	5	AWSOME Beautiful cover very sturdy!
R2SLIUEFX4Q2TS	3	... buds work as expected and the battery life is great, however the cords that attach the ear buds ... These ear buds work as expected and the battery life is great, however the cords that attach the ear buds to the unit are too short even with the o-rings that secure them rolled back as far as they will go.  They are not so short that I cannot use the headseat, but they are short enough that I sometimes notice an annoying tug.
R16D3861VB83WO	4	Four Stars They are ok.
RHYHCD01B11CV	5	Five Stars Love the look!
R1V38XD5XACTXN	3	It's a good looking case It's a good looking case, but the clear window becomes scratched so easily that the case looks old before it's time. The good news is that it works with the charging pads better than my other case.  The buttons are smooth on the sides and do not provide any tactile feedback. With gloves on, you cannot tell if you have pressed a button or not. So many times you will turn the screen on and off a couple times in a row. It's a decent case for a decent price.
R3UI29A4W898JD	5	Five Stars Love it works great
RQVG2D8RNVPP3	5	Five Stars It was what I expected
RWHDGPYIC6K3G	1	This case help if you just drop your phone, ... This case help if you just drop your phone, it does not protect prom the water at all, but on the box it says that this case can protect your phone under water around 6 feet deep for a 1 hour. This case is just waist of money. And yeah, they doesn't replace my phone, they just send me a new case. Why do I need a new case if my phone is not working?
R9R69PU3QTAHJ	4	Great buy! Sounds pretty darn good. Could use a little more bass but for $20 it blows away everything else I've listened to
R3MPCDDWB4R5DC	1	horrible Not for the phone but was able to make it work
RI794I3PWN8U7	1	One Star Horible!
R3OFWQC9ZX7JYT	5	I love this charger! I love this charger! I've been using it for over a month now and it's still intact and working well. I needed a long cable and this is what I've been looking for.
R2OZ6S2K3IGX6W	1	Hate It Wont work for my smartphone. Returned immediately!
RDTIK911J7DL8	5	Five Stars good
R1RKAHS2B4A22K	5	Five Stars Loved my new case..was right color. ..fit nicely on my phone. .arrived on time
R16I3EDVSCYR3F	5	great case very durable Love this case. It is made well. I've had it on my iPhone 5C for a long time. I have dropped it several times and it is protected and not broken yet.
R13VL62Y2HBQ0B	5	Excellent battery I love my Mvp pro 3.0 is a very good battery. There is some this to observe:  1 - I've bought this battery as a kit on Amazon 2 times from other seller and never came with the sub g tank so I bought again from this seller on the option with no tank and retuned the previous items.  2 - it's perfect for most of the tanks but you can read on the manual that will not do coils under 0.4 ohm. So pay attention on that!  3 - it's very easy to use, press the button 3 times to turn it on.  4 - always read the manuals online before to buy it or use it, follow the manual from your coils online to see how much voltage they can handle.  5 - never charge this device on the car or with cheap cables, it's not going to charge cause have protection against bad quality charges.
RN6AFF0TC6ONI	2	Not as eye-catching in reality. Expected the case to be of slightly better quality and the graphics on the phone to be more vivid but when I got it, the case looked very cheap and not to my liking. However, you get what you paid for.
R1TGGC2VA2S5SH	5	Husband loves it - Has it on his golf cart ... Husband loves it -  Has it on his golf cart.
R3ANVKDKC9XRGA	3	Three Stars Cute but cheap.
R9YO3ICKKK495	5	Great for on the go, small compact Great for on the go. Its a bit smaller then my S6 works great and charges my phone fast..I have done the charging of two phones at once and did not have to charge them both together.
R28UDMTXMUZIB7	5	Quality product, made to last Just received my Skiva lightning cable and LOVE IT! It is made of a nice sturdy material, not the rubbery kind that usually falls apart quickly. It charged my phone quick and is a nice length. I don't have amazon prime and it was shipped extremely quickly. It even comes with a 1 year warranty.
R2W9W6S62RTVVU	5	The only thing is you need to push a button to move the leg to the desired position which is fine, but if you do not push the bu Arrived very quickly.  Was exactly what I expected.  Works well.  The only thing is you need to push a button to move the leg to the desired position which is fine, but if you do not push the button you could break.  After knowing this it is very easy to set to desired angle.
R2PBAAOBBKR3LU	2	stylus doesn't fit in note 4 stylus  doesn't fit in note 4 opening
RIHIN1AICZDRF	2	Accessory not compatible Works until the accessory is not accepted on the iphone. I got maybe a months worth of use out of these before the iphone started rejecting the plug.
R3ULYY6J7F9MGM	5	It is a good build quality Reviewing cables is silly. This does exactly what you'd expect. It is a good build quality, not flimsy.
R3C67APFME2LKL	1	One Star stolen phone
R2UBH2O5OIILWC	5	Five Stars Love it!
R3189UP9B32HT	5	Five Stars good
R23Y55PV5EU1BI	1	One Star Did not charge!!
R2O2O5KVKUF2GJ	5	Great Buy My son loves these, I was impressed with the quality and features. I have had no problems, but the customer support team still reaches out to make sure everyone is enjoying the product.
R20HR36YPMNB9L	2	Need to buy a new one that will last longer I haven't even had it that long and the white paint is already chipping off the whole case.
RIWA38ZFIPO86	3	Ear bud only Returned it worked great but it showed an optional headset attachment which wasn't compatible with this model. I wanted the option to use this either way.
R3VEYM3KPO9G9S	5	great Great
R3MMUKQIDU87T2	1	no good Did not work at all. I bought 2 of them. They did not hold a charge, and I had it in full sun. Don't buy this product. Not worth it.
R1CQSM8KDW3M31	1	This phone worked for 1 week fine and after that started to reboot itself and to ... This phone worked for 1 week fine and after that started to reboot itself and to not recognize the sim card. DO NOT BUY IT FROM THIS COMPANY!!!!!!
R2KL85BR9M8FL9	5	Five Stars great item
R17637G2U7QD3I	1	One Star could not use has no grip constantly slipping out of my hand
R2PHI3NVJAU2UU	3	the high pitched noise is terrible \. Does it work? yes. Is it spotty? not the biggest deal, BUT, it makes a horrific high pitched noise when plugged in.If you have good hearing I wouldn't buy unless you want headaches, if your hearing is spotty, go for gold.
R3IEXIWV01VQT5	3	Three Stars Works, but destroys the edges of the Face ArmorShield...
R30I3LJIBK2Z9U	5	Five Stars Great price and excellent service.
RP9FU8TP6ELBM	5	Anker is the only brand for my cable and battery needs! The original broke after about a month. I emailed Anker and they sent out a brand new one no questions asked within two days of our conversation. This is why i love Anker and always stick with them!
R1FMW6DDQWDOH0	5	easy storage. Wish the front part of the case ... Absolutely adore this case. Cute color, easy storage. Wish the front part of the case was white or same color blue though.
R3VYGU6FI52GCF	1	cheaply made! low quality earbuds! They do not stay in the ear! cheaply made!
R34YWXMKL9IJE2	4	Four Stars held up to a few drops and scratches. cheaper to replace this then the whole screen.
R11HPHLWU9J0AI	5	love this. life changing item love this.  life changing item.  really cool and pretty sturdy.  A+
RO2NCTSD376KF	5	Portable, durable, handy As a phone user, we all come across the issue of our phones dwindling battery life. On the go, it can be an immense problem if you come to the point of minimal battery life, and you don't have the tool to fix that, especially in emergency circumstances. Car chargers like this are of great help, because they allow you to secure your phone's battery life, while not taking up extensive amounts of space that could obstruct your tasks of shifting gears, etc. The product is very durable and well made, and it is not of cheap material. I highly recommend this for people who are on the go, but have important tasks to complete through phone usage.
R2XUWK5EL1H4QW	5	Must have! My husband and I got this before a trip recently. It was so useful and we are so glad we had it! Whenever our phone batteries got low, we plugged them into this power bank and they charged right up. The unit has a lot of power and is perfect for airplanes or day trips when you don't have constant access to a charger. We didn't have to conserve our phone batteries and were able to use our phones as we normally would, taking pictures, checking email, etc.  It has a little pouch that it fits into which was convenient. It is kind of an awkward size and would be inconvenient to carry around if you don't have a bag or a purse, since you need to have charging cables as well. I always carry large purses, so this wasn't a problem for us.  I like that this power bank has a power switch as well, and it tells you how much battery remains. It has a flashlight on it as well, which I don't think we really have used, but I guess it would be nice for trying to plug in your phone in the dark. We charged this power bank every night (by plugging it into the wall) and always had enough power for 2 smart phones throughout the day. So convenient that you can plug 2 devices in at once.  If you can get this for a good price, I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this portable battery charger to anyone who uses their phone constantly!
R2DXPLTSAJ49ES	5	Great service Fast shipping, and love the phone case.  Exactly what I was expecting is what I got.
R5SUFJSLRTC1Y	4	Four Stars Super cute. Serves its purpose. very feminine and dainty.
R3Q1R6NC8XYZ5E	5	I absolutely love it. I've had it about 6 myhs now ... I bought this case for my phone. I absolutely love it. I've had it about 6 myhs now and all the lil bling diamonds are all still in tact!!  💜
R199DFPAW3W09P	1	and poor They didnt work, and poor packaging
RLDCVB08CU1OS	5	Five Stars Great length and works!
R2S3MDVJ3NVMLP	5	and the case has a small dirty dent; but the phone is still in perfect ... This fits over the Galaxy S6 Edge perfectly, without the added frustration of trying to stuff in an inner rubber bumper. Dropped it several feet while bike riding, and the case has a small dirty dent; but the phone is still in perfect condition. I haven't had the time to make my own backings, but the benefit of being able to change it whenever I want is awesome. While not a game changer; I just wish the website had a digital template to work off of instead of a flimsy paper stencil.
R2G0LPOFSJP4OY	4	Fantastic phone for a low price! A great phone considering the price! Battery life is somewhat limited, but overall performance is excellent. The upgrade to Lollipop sent flawlessly and the phone has no other real issues.
R1IDPFCO4U6G7Z	1	I really like these headsets I really like these headsets, the fit well, and sound really good, the problem is that both pairs I ordered had the same problem, after a bout two weeks of use, they stopped taking a charge resulting in about five minutes of use when powering them on. Too bad.
R1161NLS6JTXU1	5	Pretty easy! First day and so far I'm loving this.  I watched the video, read the directions and had no problem installing it.  The screen looks clear and perfect.
RXZS6HXEKXJ42	5	Its stylish but thin The rubber case is thin but you always get what you pay for. If you want your watch just to look cute with minimal protection against scratches then get this one but if you're going to drop your watch then i'd say get a little more hardcore case. I love it though, happy with my purchase! might get a different color!
RJQWVO0QV2WQ4	5	Exactly as described Quality looks good and prompt postage. You can't argue based on the good price. Would be happy to recommend to others.
R34J2HYILFN676	5	Small, compact, quick charging I am notorious for losing my charger and having a dead or dying phone.  It can be especially frustrating when I need to make an important phone call or have to leave the house and I have an uncharged phone in the case of an emergency.  Having this backup battery charger can be so convenient!  It is so easy to use.  I plugged it up via usb to my laptop right out of the package to make sure that it was fully charged and then I just tossed it right into my purse.  I always know where it is and when I need to charge my phone with it I can just plug it up the the included cord and drop it right back into my purse.  It does a great job of quickly charging up my phone.  I like the red color!  The charger features a stip of 4 blue lights that light up both when the unit is being charged and when the unit is charging my device.  There is a really neat feature about this power bank that is unlike others I have used, it has a little, but bright, flashlight on it!  Just click the power button twice and it turns on.  I thought that was pretty neat and unique.  Overall, I am happy with the product and its performance.  I received this product complimentary in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
R3MBNS7CQYAI94	5	Note 4 perfect It charges almost as fast as the Samsung fast chargers. Very good product!
RHULTY1F8J4DZ	4	Almost perfect. Works great with my iPad Mini. Would give it a 5 star except the dang thing doesn't stay put on the top on the mini. Not a major problem, a piece of Double stick foam tape and a rubber band solved the problem. I like it and I use it and would buy again for this price. For the design engineers reading this ... if you had put a small &#34;dummy&#34; tab that fit into the contact slot on the top next to where this plugs in ... it would be perfect and not move about.
R20QIVBCBOV67	3	Three Stars It's a good charger, anything larger than a Nexus 5 slides off of it.
R2NS56U13YBVFB	5	Five Stars Soooooo Cute
R44ESZM5OAP2L	5	Great product. So far i love this case.  Not bulky, protects phone from my clumsiness, and the case fits the phone perfectly.  It's not flashy.  Just right for me.  Delivery of the product was prompt.  No issues.  Quality good.
RMPXM07H3SWVY	5	Five Stars Love this case. It has been one of the best cases I've had!!!
R2Y97CC31YT18Q	1	One Star very bad quality
R3N9ZG6FITT1GA	4	The only thing I don't care for is how dirty the part around the edge (mint green part) looks This case has done it's job, as I have dropped my phone multiple times and no harm has been done. The only thing I don't care for is how dirty the part around the edge (mint green part) looks. I've tried cleaning it with cleaning products and it appears to be permanently stained.
RPWKKGEOCZIB0	5	love how loud it is even with out amp love how loud it is even with out amp... hooked to cb and scared the hell out of everyone i yelled at .... small so its easy to put anywhere on truck..... id buy more if needed
R3TH7II0KO4NL	5	Five Stars Its great...
R3NQCG3RI6MFZT	3	... was highly advertised that it doesn't give you any annoying error messages and guess what it does It was highly advertised that it doesn't give you any annoying error messages and guess what it does.  The length of the cords are great.
R2Z0NJBYVH0ZY2	4	Four Stars thank you
R13FLTYGBMPS86	1	Whoops I could not get it to work, Returned for full credit and purchased another pproduct.
R8HX24LDYIZ5P	1	Buyer beware Poor quality only lasted three weeks
R205CFQDI6QYPJ	1	Poor quality, would like a refund or a new ... Poor quality, would like a refund or a new one sent to me, till the nexus 5 2015 is available
R3A6GDXAK6UNRF	2	Two Stars Doesn't hold a charge sometimes hard to hear
R3NBG7X97H35NT	5	Can't go wrong with an OEM charger. In this ... Can't go wrong with an OEM charger.  In this case, I purchased it as a spare charger for my new Samsung S5
R270VROLIKU1TY	5	Great value and OEM product. Battery and charger are great. There is no issues with it. I like how fast the charger is. It is well worth the money and the battery is oem. Overall,  great value.
R12LIINNEOWDAP	1	One Star Don't work got my phone wet when it feel in the water.
R2VUA274I50K37	5	He was able to fix it and works better than his original camera Bought this part for my friend who has an issue with his camera. He was able to fix it and works better than his original camera.
R3GDMGKLVT64ST	5	Cool cover. I really like how it fits the ... Cool cover. I really like how it fits the phone. You take the original back case off of the phone and then this one snaps on.  Only problem is that I am worrked it may break along the seam. Other than that, it is good.
R345S9LTDJL0XB	5	Five Stars Works great.
RZ1SLOVQ4Q4N4	3	I am unable to use it sine I do not ... I am unable to use it sine I do not have a iPhone. So, I will be returning it shortly.
RKHXR2IN67OQW	5	Five Stars great product!
R21ZG511BYWPQZ	5	Best case ever! Came extremely quick! I love this case!! Buy this!!
R354TU5G1BQ8AS	5	Five Stars Product arrived on time and I'm very happy with the quality of the case fits securely on my One+1
R147NC34T5OPEY	5	Came on time. Awsome
R1638TA4LLG2QZ	2	Average It's a nice design, nice colors, but it does add a significant amount of bulk. And it doesn't feel like the front and back pieces lock securely. It feels like if I were to drop my phone the case would fall apart. I wouldn't buy this product again.
R2O1G6UIKQ2JEU	5	Five Stars Great product! Arrived early and exactly as advertised!
R10G8CN6HJYJMT	5	Love it! Bought this for my daughter. Love it!
R30KW1UIYF6P8V	4	And the best part is its made out of a good material True to color. And the best part is its made out of a good material. It's very durable. I always drop my phone, so this case helps me many times so I didn't have to get a new phone.
RFTSONFI2XLPS	1	One Star Does not fit the screen fully really disappointed
RU5TZUYLI8IIY	5	they're awesome. I travel with one Have bought several of these now, they're awesome. I travel with one, use another in the car when several of us are traveling (car has a AC plugin), have one at my desk, nightstand, and now in my living room.
R101942B6V5J71	3	Its' OK Delivery was quick; however, I almost sent it back because it would not charge at all.  I used every charger/cord combo I could find in our house (believe me that is a lot), and just before I gave up, it took the charge and has performed well since. I looked at user reviews for cheaper units, and decided to pay more for this one to get a better product with the Samsung name, model, etc, so I was a little disappointed at first. I did find it odd that the manufacturing date of 2010.08.13 was older than the one that came in my phone 2010.10.27, but now that it works, I guess I'm OK with it.
R2J63HZEZ29XK2	5	Very pleased Really, really happy with this case, especially for the price paid. It slips on easily and stays on snugly, while still giving my iPhone that sleek feel. Love it!
R3FTBNU2N3EUBI	5	Five Stars Great price and works.
R62IWG4ZXHCYH	3	Does not fit 1995 Blazer Does not fit a 1995 Blazer 2 door. Both the Amazon car checker and Crutchfield showed this was correct. The correct one for a 1995 Blazer 2 door is Metra 72-4500, they fit the door speakers and the rear quarter panel 6 x 9 speakers. I thought maybe they would fit the dash speakers, they do not fit there either. FYI.
R1LMP5ANAVE2U0	1	the gps103b is not working as an alarm. it ... the gps103b is not working as an alarm. it is responding to sms request but not  to key fob or any input from sensors.
R351729SS3I2KA	4	Four Stars Fits great, looks cool and slim.Haven't dropped phone yet to see how well it protects.
R3T5NKLGYE1LUI	5	Five Stars very good performance and noce price
R3Q4GPVQIHHJUJ	2	I bought my glass screen protector, amd it is ... I bought my glass screen protector, amd it is really disappointing. I don't do things that are particularly hard on phones, just normal adult use and my first one cracked within weeks. I got a replacement for the $5.99 shipping charge, and within weeks, it is cracked in multiple places again. The phone is never without a case either for protection from falls and such. The only conclusion I can draw is the protector itself is flawed in some way
R25Q5U4QR9AN4	5	Would Recommend ! Love this case I am even gonna look and see if they h ave any other styles, seems very durable as I very rarely drop my phone but the other day I stood up to greet someone forgetting my phone was on my lap and it fell on to concrete, everything A-Okay !!!!!  I would recommend this case for the simple fact I have been very happy with it and it survived the fall.
R32KQJOCQI068P	3	I ordered 10 foot cables and these cables are only ... I ordered 10 foot cables and these cables are only 9'9&#34;  should not be advertised as 10 foot
R2V8TVEGGRKPOZ	4	Four Stars Love the design. I'm hard on my phone and case fell apart.
RUQ37FOWA9H5X	5	Five Stars Very nice looking watch
R30WUNNCVO63HZ	2	Appeared Refurbished & Kept Turning Itself Off The unit I received appeared to be refurbished, as there was no plastic film on the screen and the screen had some minor mars and scratches.  I could have lived with that; however the unit kept randomly turning itself off.  I checked all the connections, and they were tight.  So I am returning it for a replacement, which I hope will function properly.
R2IBYNDYCOUAVW	4	A cute little two-piece die I make and sell greeting cards to benefit our local library, and this Cottage Cutz two-piece mini frog die looks cute on my favorite anniversary card.  It would also work well on children's birthday cards.  I used 80 lb. card stock to cut this die on my Sizzix Grand Calibur machine,  Please see customer image for an example of an A7 (5&#34; x 7&#34;) anniversary card that I made with this die.  The castle die is made by Quick Kutz and the cat tails are cut from another Cottage Cutz die, &#34;Mallard Ducks w/ Cats-tail.&#34;
R21POWW7Q631OK	4	Four Stars Great wallet case. Nice n simple
R2O9ZJAOLLZ2AE	5	Five Stars I really like my new case it's durable, comfortable to hold, and I like the stands!!!
R3J0J5VA9JA2MH	5	Cars can drive over your without a scratch! If you're in doubt to purchase this, don't be! Order it!  I had my iPhone 6+ mounted on my motorcycle - it happened to pop out of the holder it was in, while I was moving.  I guess it was the vibration.  Irregardless, it landed on concrete in the middle of a busy intersection. After turning around to go retrieve it, I watched it being driven over by 4 cars.  There is not one scratch on my phone.  The screen did not break/crack.  I was so relieved when I got it back - words cannot describe.
RLAH5SU3TBR08	5	Was just what my husband needed, he just broke ... Was just what my husband needed, he just broke the screen on his phone so this is a life saver.
R3JYHEEC24GVEE	1	One Star Ordered 2 of these. Both Stylist are bent
R1WWB39UMU0M5L	5	Aduro U- grip plus holder Love this! I Have been using this holder for my IPhone 6 while riding my bike for the past 2 months or so. I ride on paved streets and crushed gravel bike paths and it works great..my phone stays in place solidly and is easy to use. I definitely recommend this product!
R3S72LOC1HVSH1	5	Great Charger i bought this charger for note 4, i am fully satisfied with this charger, its same like original one which one come with the phone, charge so fast like original one, and phone show that on screen its adaptive fast charger, nothing difference then original one. highly recommended.
R7QQ00GBCGRC5	5	The best Love this. I must have broken a million apple chargers. I've had this for months now and it hasn't broken.I love the length. I need to buy another one for my car!
R2VSJR7JE912IP	5	If you’re looking to purchase a pair of great wireless headphones without breaking the bank, this is the set to get! These headphones really deliver! Being on the go all the time, having a durable, lightweight, and wireless headset was very high on my priority list. After doing some research, and reading the many positive reviews, I decided to try these Blimark Bluetooth earbuds, and I was very happy with my decision!  After receiving them promptly, I was immediately impressed by the overall quality of the packaging and materials, and the sound was extremely impressive as well. Even though the bass is a bit subtle and perhaps not as deep as some over the ear or higher quality headsets, these earbuds still create the perfect undertones to those hot and heavy dance beats!  They are excellent at noise cancellation as well, allowing the music to be super focused with the perfect level of sound. The comfortable fit allows them to fit snug and very close to your ear, making them great for working out, running, or even dancing. I have been using them for several weeks now, and I can honestly say that I will not be using any other kind for quite some time! If you’re looking to purchase a pair of great wireless headphones without breaking the bank, this is the set to get!
RJ3QEFOMZ3C7O	5	Very good case for galaxy S6! I like this case. I was looking for a case that was not bulky and i could easily grip. With this case i can get to the phone unlock it with my fingerprint and scroll better. I found that it fits really good in my hand when im using it. the rubber is not thick and all around fits nicely on my phone. One of the good parts of getting this case it came with a  screen protector. Fits goods and didn't take away from the sensitivity. I love the color it is just as pictured.
R1FXHFM05UAXPO	5	Quick delivery I am very pleased with my order it was more than I expected and fast delivery!!!
R1IEG0MB0YH7YE	5	Five Stars Device holder is awesome, holds my phone securely with no shaking.  Thanks a lot guys.  Great product :)
R1GABMPRSQH32H	4	Four Stars Great product fast shipping
RLM0L4VQ66W84	1	One Star Clip was very loose on the phone
R1DWRDZ7MV5NFT	3	Three Stars Serves the purpose but a little short
R2ND2F0RHW8GFL	3	The charger holds its grip to thewatch and does its job so far The charger holds its grip to the watch and does its job so far. The problem is that it is indeed a charger only. If you want to connect it to the computer via USB it doesn't work at all. I suppose that it provides only power connections and the data pins are not connected at all. The computer doesn't recognize it when plugged in although the watch is charged properly. If you are an Android Wear developer and need this to connect to the computer then this is definitely not your cradle.
RLRAYXYAEFBNP	5	If it isn't Apple, it's Anker. Maybe even better. Quality and performance is tip top. Keep striving for better Anker!
RIE7JOD8O6BAS	1	is only for 5 months, I brought in march ... is only for 5 months,I brought in march and not work.
R2177VB2UMSLFQ	5	Everyone should own one of these No one ever takes my picture.  All pics I have are of everyone else in the family.  Not any longer.  It's really easy to use.  A little tight on my iPhone6S because it has a protective cover on it and makes the phone absolutely as large as the prongs will spread.  Works like a charm.
R22G55KAPZKJQV	4	Great but buy the correct batteries or your family and friends will think you're dead My mom made me purchase this for my hike on the Appalachian Trail. It worked great the first two weeks until I changed the batteries. After that, it quit sending the automatic updates to the website. It would turn off until manually turned back on. Needless to say my family and friends thought I was dead quite a few times.  I'm sure it's all my fault and I bought the wrong batteries or something but was still a big pain in the butt. I haven't messed with it since returning.
R373FD8FRJU9QD	5	Five Stars Love it
RD1O0YTQ0XPZ1	5	Five Stars good
R3R1UPU3QRV1YX	5	Five Stars Perfect black minimalistic TPU case for S5.
R3SQ509FG26C1E	1	Don't waste your money! I bought one. It worked. I bought a second one for another vehicle. It didn't work, so I switched the two. I used the second one and it caught on fire. I burned my hand. Luckily, me and my kids are okay, and so is the. Vehicle and $900 phone. The original one fell apart the same day as the fire. Don't waste your money!!!
R3478XQFY4PBYU	5	I love this case for my new 5c I love this case for my new 5c.  It fits the phone perfectly and is snuggly.  I also love the color and how it is also transparent so that you can see the green of my phone on the back.  This is not a bulky case and fits nicely in purses that have pre-sized pouches for cell phones. I highly recommend this case.
R1SW3RXMQQ3806	5	Five Stars This case is perfect for my Kindle Fire and costs a lot less than some of the other ones.
R1UTPQR2JO35J7	1	The Worst! Range and clarity sucks The Worst !  Range and clarity sucks. this my second one , no better then the first
R18WW9HA3RR244	5	MIGHT CONFUSE IT FOR A PEN I think this is actually a perfect gift for a teenager. You have many colors to choose from. This is the smallest selfie stick I have ever seen. Its small enough to fit in my clutches. I already used it with my husbands Galaxy S5 while his case was on. I was able to use it right away the only thing I had to do is connect the take line to the phone jack and I was ready to start taking pics. I believe in some phones you will have download an app. I was actually shocked that a small pen sized selfie stick could expand that long. *I received this product for a discount price in exchange for an honest unbiased review.
RMQTV4E9708X9	3	Three Stars Nice quality but no flap magnet or closure lock, was worried if phone fell display could be damaged
RH6Y0VOQIYYUH	5	... back up camera part installed yet but it works great as a Haven't had the back up camera part installed yet but it works great as a mirror
R2GLASB7F3RRDV	1	Bad quality Don't stick correctly
R3RFPR7X60WN6C	5	powerful and attractive I really do love the mode!! Works so much like my jiake phone I just love it.the price was great. Best priced product for the specs and promotional offers
R5YF0PPU2S4Y	5	Five Stars Like
RA156VKCYLPKF	4	Beautiful, but needs to be cleaned... I love the design! It's sleek and functional, and my Note 4 fits perfectly. The only flaw is that the exterior looked &#34;dirty&#34;. There was no shine or sheen to the patent-leather look. It had many streaks and looked &#34;cloudy&#34;. I returned it and received a replacement, which looked the same. I used different  cleaning products, but the only thing that worked was rubbing alcohol. It looks beautiful now.
R2NZCVU9PM2ZF9	5	Five Stars Worked perfectly!
R3Q7JYCR6P9LK0	5	Perfect Item and Transaction Product exactly as described at a reasonable price and prompt delivery. Couldn't as for more.
REHSO51ZUTMMT	5	It quick charges my phone (an i6) which has been REALLY useful when out for a long day This has been fantanstic.  It quick charges my phone (an i6) which has been REALLY useful when out for a long day.  Down sides:  Takes a long time to charge, and is a little heavy to carry around -- but I usually leave one in the car.  For the great price, I bought 2, so the long charge time doesn't cause a problem.  When one is charged, I put it in my car and plug in the second.
R1KWJWOCYK1601	5	top class Like these snug gloves.
R22VZ5QM5CD3JX	2	Lasted only 8 days. The battery lasted 8 days.  After the 8th day started getting the message &#34;Invalid Battery&#34;
R1F6MVMFY2DP17	1	NEVER, would I recommend this product to anyone. Very poor quality.  No matter what I do, people can't hear me when I'm using it.  In some cases, it doesn't even speak correct English.
RXNDQS6O0LV6X	5	Durable! I have several of these and I love how strong they are.
R2OF7L7SFXDG25	4	Very good Only problem is plastic screen scratches kind of easily Very good Only problem is plastic screen scratches kind of easily, but not a big deal.  Dropped phone several times with no damage.  Nice looking case.
RC2B9IINY30N1	1	I followed instructions on the internet (it took me two ... I followed instructions on the internet (it took me two hours) and the battery broke the iphone.  I had to buy a new phone because of it:(
R3HV9K32TRWPWC	5	Five Stars It works as advertised.
R292T341H1R5WQ	3	The stick itself works great, but this now might cost me a couple ... I have an Iphone 6 Plus, and when I put my phone in it it snapped back and actually cracked my Zag glass screen protector, I hope my actual phone is not cracked, I have not taken my screen protector off yet! The stick itself works great, but this now might cost me a couple hundred dollars.
RWQUXCB5H81W1	4	It's loveable It's so cute & came way earlier then any of my other cases & I ordered them 2-3 weeks before . I had the pink one before the purple one . I think the pink one actually looks better I just can't seem to find it . & it doesn't stink or nothing . YES !!
R25IUGJ2BJYLLZ	3	6 months, no problems yet; except foe the ... 6 months,no problems yet; except foe the fact that it doesnt read mini sd cards, being thats the reason i bought it
R3RWXOGON9ZTCB	5	Great product Goes on very easily and stays in place. So far it saved my screen from a really nasty damage so i can safely say that this product can withstand cosmetic stuff due to regular wear.
R3C3CILLZ3ITS7	3	It doesn't look like the picture and scuffs easily As others have indicated, the black jelly case is very glossy. It doesn't look like the picture and scuffs easily. Buttons take some effort to push, and I frequently have to hold both sides to squeeze the power button (sometimes accidentally taking screen shots!). But it does make the phone much more tacky and easy to hold. It fits well and ports are easily accessible.
R3TK8NZ7JHI91M	3	Three Stars Just received it and holds phone good but I ordered purple and its very pink.
RC10PRWC8SCJD	5	great item good buy Very good for tablets and phones.
R3SFXKPHV0HGKS	4	Top-notch customer service Top port stopped working after 45 days. Too late to return.  Review update: Anker support reached out and offered trouble-shooting solutions. P.S. I like the upgrade of this model better than the 24W 2-port usb wall charger.  If you are debating, get the 24w!
R2CCXTYSA6C9FA	5	Very pleased with this arm band Very pleased with this arm band. Does what I need it to and fits perfectly. I would recommend the arm band extender for those with average to larger sized arms.
R38229ATJHNPG4	4	To me it feels pretty much the same For the potential buyers that have a Samsung Galaxy 3:  To me it feels pretty much the same. Not much of a difference except for a few. The most noticeable is the appearance, of course. It is much larger and was a bit of a challenge for me since I have small hands, but you get used to it pretty quickly. The &#34;back&#34; button is placed on the left side rather on the right. The Wifi connection gave me some problems, but after fumbling around a bit I was finally able to connect to further wifi hotspots rather than in my own home (this is especially important for gps/locations). The call quality is pretty much the same depending on your wifi. Speakers are BEAUTIFUL on this thing! The Galaxy was loud, but this has quite a range and quality. I thought the screen resolution would be a downgrade and I thought it would look &#34;fake&#34;, but I was surprised at how clear everything was. (Tsum Tsum is so much more fun to play on here!!!).  The most important change is the storage space. This phone provides 8gb, but when you check it it will say that you have already used up to 6gb of the space. The majority of it is coming from your preloaded apps. Useless, useless apps!! After some research I bought a 32gb micro sd card along with it. When you set up this phone I would disable any preloaded apps that you don't need at all (you can't delete any of them...). For any new apps that you downloaded for yourself you have the option to place it in the sd card instead of your phone storage to save space. I have about 13 apps on the side that go to the sd card and I still have 2gb space left on the phone storage, which is a good sign leaving me with 28gb of space on the sd card! Keep in mind that only some apps can be transferred to the sd card. Another side note is that you cannot take the back of the phone off so you can't change the battery. However, on a full day of leaving wifi conn. on and using tumblr and facebook formore than an hour (and some tsum tsum) thoughout the day only leaves me at around 60-70%  Camera quality is alright. The thing with this is that it can be either as good as the galaxy 3 or worse. It really depends on your steady hands and how steady your object of focus is. I am fine with this camera and is the only reason why I got this phone at this price, but the quality is a downgrade for sure. It's fine in the daylight and if you have some sort of tripod, but anytime that is dark even the flash won't help that grainy look you get on cheaper phones unless you have a GOOD light source.  This phone likes to update a lot (twice a month at this rate), but that could just be either my phone is adjusting itself or I have bad luck.  Either way, for this price I would give this phone a 7/10 mostly because of the camera quality. Everything else is fine if you are okay with some minor changes and routines.
RTABZ1UI35EZG	5	Five Stars Was as advertised
R1AZ48HLP5X569	1	Not usable It broke after only one week
RXIDIUP4C94P3	5	Five Stars Very happy with his product
RL35PU0II54QF	1	One Star Horrible. Scr
RIB6L1CUV2BJL	5	Good thing it has 2 ports Good thing it has 2 ports. There's always someone else in my car. Its good material. Charges my phone perfectly fine. No complaints. I recommend this product.
RX5CWYGQZRDBR	3	Three Stars Works but I have larger arms on top and it is tight
R3RO100RJBIVWY	5	great!!!! I received this so that I could use it and review it.  and give my unbiased opinion. First I want to say It was way easier to put on than i thought. it passed the test if me trying to scratch it with my keys. It even witheld the face down drop from about 3 feet. this is a quality screen protector,
R1JBITR5W1CO85	4	Good but I thought they were metal for some reason They are pretty legit. Charge just fine. I don't know why but i thought they were metal. heh.
R13YWV1WMHXC36	4	Not terribly so, but thicker than I'd have liked This case is attractive, the color is true to what I ordered, and it fits as described.  The only complaint is that it is a bit thick and bulky.  Not terribly so, but thicker than I'd have liked. Overall, a very good case and protection.
R25DCQX6I6E6J8	4	Four Stars Took a while to come but works just fine
R23EVX4QZE5I9H	4	Good protection, looks nice and fits well Really good case!  Dropped my 5S several times, and not a single scratch!  Looks nice and sleek too, being all black.
R2U40FJN7VLS3J	1	I got a dud It takes forever to charge and it gets hot.
R3AHSW5GRVCFV6	3	Not bad am for the price. The video quality wasn't what I expected but it works well enough.
R2W1MIQKDQ9EWR	3	the battery was OK at best as far as performance One tool was slightly bent, the battery was OK at best as far as performance.
R1HSELPDZR3FT7	4	Four Stars Thank you
R2CTZDXJCCGNGJ	1	One Star Does not fit my phone, they did not specify that it would not fit active...
R1WQYCHJTVQ6CS	5	Good product. This is what it says..... waterproof but NOTE:....IT DOES NOT FLOAT.  If you are looking for a floating case you need to look further.  I was not thinking about that and guess I assumed that it would float.  I cannot hold that against the product as it does not make any claims as such.  It is what it says and the price it right. Good product.
R2ZI6H7NK87ZSA	5	Five Stars Works perfectly!
R1F5KFOKYOPTTK	5	Very satisfied with purchase Pouch works exactly as described. Very satisfied with purchase!
RCL2KDCDPOSAR	5	Great product that solves a simple problem and ends the ... [[ASIN:B00QTE09SY iClever® 4.8A 24W Dual USB Travel Wall Charger with SmartID Technology, Foldable Plug for iPhone iPad, Samsung Galaxy, HTC Nexus Moto Blackberry, Bluetooth Speaker Headset, Power Bank and More, White]]  Great product that solves a simple problem and ends the race between my wife and I for the charger outlet.  No worry that we have different devices and this thing knows what you need and handles the job.  Quality seems excellent.
R36M2VOYWRFP08	4	Four Stars Few weeks now and still working great
R2MBSAA00SYIKI	3	It works pretty good for the price It works pretty good for the price, the button is a little sensitive when changing settings,other than that very happy with purchase i
RZHEH04FFTYZP	5	Awesome external battery! Would purchase again! This thing is awesome! Its small and quickly charges my phone and tablet. I bought it when it went on sale for 10$, which is a great price to pay for this product. This product doesn't come with a wall charger but it comes with a USB to micro USB. Since I had an old wall charger from a phone, I was able to use that. If you have a Samsung Galaxy, the USB charging cord that comes with it can be used to charge your phone. The cord that comes with it is not super long, which I like while charging my phone because it doesn't get in the way.  Pros: Small, charges quickly, holds good charge easy to use, indication of external battery charge with LED  Cons: Sometimes if its charging something for a while it gets hot, doesn't come with a wall charger (wasn't a big deal to me)
R1RW9NS2S6B9J	4	Like the case Like the case. It's comfortable in the hand, the buttons work well, and most importantly the phone feels protected. It's not the most aesthetically pleasing case... Wish UAG wasn't stamped so prominently on the back
R3FVW5Z4QMQRRS	5	I love, love love this cell phone clutch I love, love love this cell phone clutch.  I have 3 different ones and this one is by far the prettiest.  Good quality.  Well worth it.
R1XG9G7QS7M3EQ	5	Five Stars excellent
R26GAYM3BZQM1T	3	... my daughter dropped it but the phone is still good. It chipped after 30 days of use when my daughter dropped it but the phone is still good.
R3OSOZZQZ6OAA0	3	Three Stars got wet once and stoped working
R26OW3PUG7Y7AI	5	Shipped fast. Great cable. Gets the job done.
R3N65DZH8O0F4H	3	Three Stars Good
RX2JXOZKPG0CN	2	this gatge this device vin with deserts programming details which ... [[ASIN:B00DZSGS8W BLU Q170T Samba TV Unlocked Dual SIM Quad-Band GSM Phone (White/blue)]] this gatge this device vin with deserts programming details which do not allow me to save messages or contacts or because at times restarts alone and makes me lose the information stored with the understanding that they sent a malfunctioning phone.
RQ8H122F05326	5	Five Stars It sounds awesome so happy with my speakers
R241W7FSI94FU	4	Four Stars No review
R308MECAY6PENI	2	not all that Charges phone but not constantly. Often have To check make sure its charging device.  Its not all that
R1Q7L5OZPQPWPZ	5	Best slim case for your phone. Awesome phone case, doesn't make the phone look big, the design is great and the buttons are great to the touch.
RRUETB6KMKEYC	1	Don't buy Mine is going straight back.  Couldn't get it to turn on or take a charge fresh out of the box.  Don't waste your money.
R2T6TO2Q9V8VWJ	5	Works great Works great, nice price.
R22RW8AASKK5P1	2	Two Stars Charged great when it worked. Did not even last half a year.
R1ELQLWF9OFEIZ	4	you will be satisfied works as expected.  no Wow factor to earn a fifth star but I am very pleased with the performance.  I also like that it comes with a double sided velcro tape to post to a wall or desk
R2NNAB3ASNM7GK	4	Four Stars My wife loves it, but it didn't work well for my car
R22B1SMB04OHND	5	Five Stars Quality product!
RBHBGYAW75M4V	5	Love it. Easy to apply and i didn't face ... Love it. Easy to apply and i didn't face any problems with it. I loved the it came with it tow small wipes to clean your screen before apply it, one is dry and one is wit.
R2HDIYSFMZFPMN	5	I ordered this case as a gift for my niece ... I ordered this case as a gift for my niece and she loves it, she said it made her phone look very classy and the stylus was an extra bonus that she enjoys.  However, I also ordered the glass screen protector which did not fit the phone, so I will be returning it.
R3GW51314P7FVY	5	Highly Recommend! This is a great price for a great case. It's exactly what I wanted, fits my Moto X perfectly and protects it great. I don't really drop my phone, but it seems pretty sturdy for those who do.
RC40NPB3NHLH7	5	Awesome and sleek. Best case ever. I get so many compliments on it!
R13WJHD3W9WEZW	5	Five Stars Great seller. Fast delivery. Product as described. Thank you!
R1HPB3TQW7TF07	5	Five Stars EZ to use
R3TIIAIEY2GUUS	5	Five Stars Excellent product, fast shipping!!!
RYR999MW1EQWT	5	Five Stars Works as expected. I wish that I could get to the photo button though,
RYOIVD45H1O1G	5	Nexus 6 phone case The case met my expectations. The corners are more of a soft rubber with a hard back. It is two pieces, easy to put on. It does add a little bulk to an already good sized phone, but I like it, I feel like my investment is protected. It arrived fast, good service.
R2WT35PROIYRYU	5	Five Stars works looks great looks good
R3T6CG22ZZL4U8	4	Four Stars Good hardy case.  Not stylish, but gets the job done.
R1RSKOBHZ5I5NI	2	Sound great. Bluetooth connection can sometimes be problematic Sound great. Bluetooth connection can sometimes be problematic. Charging connector is terrible, so whether or not it will charge when you plug it in is a roll of the dice. Without power, these are pretty much worthless.
R1L9GX1UZ86KZB	4	The glass was not a perfect fit but it has protected my phone nicely The glass was not a perfect fit but it has protected my phone nicely. I would suggest watching videos on how to install.
R2XG491GANVGE9	5	Five Stars Great phone
RA2ILN2YMH03B	4	Does not attach perfectly It fits my S5 mini phone but not perfectly, especially on the bottom, it doesn't attach very well
R1JXWICTMM9HF2	5	Five Stars Exactly as advertised
R3QL2UPH2B7YFT	3	Good enough.. It serves it's purpose but it is loud for whoever is sitting in the seat where it is attached to.
R1FUJCVCTSBBIF	2	Two Stars charges very slow
R318AI6L2WLYRJ	5	Awesome Cables These cables seem to be very well made and I believe durability will not be a problem.  I have a Galaxy S6 and these cables work great with it,  they have a very rapid rate of charge and they stay plugged into my phone securely.  I also love the color coding because now I can give them to my kids and they no longer argue over which cable belongs to which child.  Another positive is the variety of cable lengths in the package.  The 3 ft. cables work great in the car and the longer ones are perfect for the house.  The price is unbelievable for the quality you receive and so far I have no complaints about these cables.
R3PMES3OALVMM7	5	Five Stars I LOVE IT. IT WORKS GREAT AND I REALLY LOVE THAT IT TURNS OFF WHEN THE CHARGE IS COMPLETE.
R2JQ5D9EQPYLQY	5	Five Stars Great case at an affordable price
R3HRVFB3QDA1XQ	4	So far so good... Nice small car charger. Charges pretty fast. not much more to say about it. it is what it is.
R3K2FOOM064TY0	5	Five Stars Fits as it should
R285NVTRMMK68Z	3	Great headphones, but they do not function reliably then die. I bought them in April and they just stop functioning the other day (August).  If that had not happened I would have given it 4-5 stars.  The only other reason not 5 stars was, the &#34;on&#34; switch did not connect the device reliably.  I had to repeatedly switch it &#34;off&#34; & &#34;on&#34; about 4 times, every time, to get it to connect.  I love the headphones, but I guess they don't work, so no good.
R10NCUDXT4U1ZE	5	One of the best earbud headset you will ever buy, period. I owned many headphones and earbuds cheap and expensive, these earbuds for some reason stand out as the best earbuds I have ever owned. I bought 5 at once so I have them for a long time. It fits the ear well, also comes with two other replacement smaller and larger.  I used them initially with blackberry and that's how I got the fist pair, but then they worked excellent with my iPhones since I made the switch few years ago. Mine started falling apart because they were the only earbuds I can use reliably. Very good quality and delivers excellent sound as well as excellent clarity and reliability to use with the phone. Compared to much more expensive earbuds, these are &#34;Highly&#34; recommended.
R2FRMBFZL4BNXT	5	Five Stars Works great. Good fit.
R3C1FZEHU1GY31	1	Doesn't stick to Plastic. Didn't stick to my smooth plastic dash like advertised. Might stick to windshield but that's not why I bought it. Very dissatisfied.
R2C35IK3Q238KY	1	I tried to make it work... It did not work and we tried to make it work.
R3MDKGALMXLO8E	5	Solid product. I have a few different Anker cables ... Solid product. I have a few different Anker cables, and none have let me down so far. The smaller form factor allowed this to work with my wifes Defender case which was a challenge for many cables.
R26V6RAEOILFZV	4	It works as advertised. It works as advertised.
R1I3R4BWR5BAY0	5	Five Stars Great USB Hub! Small, sleek and perfect. Had no issues hooking it up. The two smart power ports charge devices through USB quick and fast.
R2RXOPQJHW87QD	5	Five Stars Perfect for my 02 escape
R3GJV0Y3V6G3YO	4	but is still flexible and easy to hold Case fits snug, but is still flexible and easy to hold.
R2YVQVUII3JRM6	5	Five Stars Perfect
RWSOXGJ6CSTMA	4	Four Stars I like the case. It fit perfectly and it's very sturdy. It took too long to get here.
R1QUDBRW34S49X	5	Five Stars good phone for my elderly mom.  keyboard key
R3EP85GEORC04T	5	great! Just what I needed! Sometimes I want a low shot, and my tripos doesn't reach the ground. This is PERFECT for that!:) I would definitely buy it again!
R1H9B8PDQD0U0T	2	I would not recommend this case to someone The absolute first time the phone was dropped while using this case, the screen cracked. I would not recommend this case to someone. The phone fell maybe 3 feet onto the floor, it fell flat, screenside down, and the whole screen cracked. The case also feels very cheeply made, the rubber that covers where the s pen is and the charging port is very flimsy and it feels as if you could easily rip it off. This case does not offer appropriate protection.
R1YOJQ7CKCMO3B	5	... very schocked when I received this and in a good way. the product looked new and I purchased ... I was very schocked when I received this and in a good way . the product looked new and I purchased it for my 12 year old daughter and she loves it .
R36XLN66TWN4WB	2	Very low quality and terrible sound The only reason I gave it an extra star instead of 1 star is because of the price. You get what you pay for. The sound quality is the worst I have ever herd on a pair of head phones. They wouldn't stay in my ears and there was no different sized buds that came with them. I mainly was just buying these with low expectations. I wanted to try a cheap pair of blue tooth buds before I went and spent money on a better pair. So I tried these and I liked the idea and how it worked but these were just too low quality for me. So i have recently spend more money on a higher quality pair and i love them. Maybe ill give these to someone who are curious also before they go spending money on an expensive pair.
RJ1M41YKO272H	5	This is simply the best selfie stick that I have ever had This is simply the best selfie stick that I have ever had. All the other previous three failed my expectation. This one has exceeded my expectation with handy design and reliable blue tooth connections.
RXGZBPV1AAC49	4	Four Stars Very cute graphics.
R2EMGY11OAKMHP	5	but I love the gold pineapples It's very thin.. not a life proof case by any means. but I love the gold pineapples. I get a lot of compliments on it.
R11FZ1EKC1CJCR	5	(I don't like that you can't change out the battery anymore I just bought a new battery for my Samsung S5 and then the old battery just died on me.. So, now that was no longer my back up, but my full time battery. I noticed my phone dying half way through the day, and didn't think I would stay with Samsung. (I don't like that you can't change out the battery anymore, or add SD card) So I didn't want to buy something only compatible with Samsung. So I purchased this so I can use it with any of my electronics in need of a charge. It works great, and is pretty fast.
R2R5U5ECZN08NC	5	Amazing! My favorite headphones! These earbuds have amazing high and low end and the range of the Bluetooth connection is impressive for their price.
R1RDPXHVLVVSI8	1	One Star Very diappointing. The case is very loose and doesn't stay on the phone.
R3M13N1RQESAT	1	It won't stay charged for more than 4 hours even ... It won't stay charged for more than 4 hours even if I'm not texting or talking on it.  Every day by noon it is dead
RU9E939Y4QVUZ	4	Value for money! Its a fantastic gadget for the car. It is very easy to install and operate. The quality of the product is good. The markings in green, yellow and red while reversing really helps. It does not show the distance though but you will get used to it and develop judgement. The camera  is not freely rotating and needs to be set and fixed tight with the screws provided. Once you connect the power supply from the reverse tail light the camera and monitor (needs to be connected to 12V socket- cigarette lighter) switches on immediately very negligible delay. Overall a value for money gadget.
R854ESJ3L2IPN	5	Five Stars thank you
R3EQ2A2YX9E0UY	5	Great little camera! [[VIDEOID:f2ef858c1586762c334e2029ea27bda3]]I really like this camera an I'm glad I purchased it. With it I can easily record my trips without having to worry about fiddling with buttons. It's probably smaller than you think and isn't easy to spot as long as you don't put it in the middle of the windshield.  It comes with everything you need to put it in your car, including an 8gb micro sd card, a cig lighter adapter, sticky cable holders and two sided tape to stick it to the windshield. Tip: Make sure you choose a location and test it before affixing it to the windshield. There are extras of two sided tape included, but it's a pain to get back off the windshield once it is on there.  The mount is good, but it could be better. It's easy enough to take the camera off of the mount, but if you wanted to put the camera in a different car you'd have to take the two sided tape off of your windshield and the mount and put on a new piece. That's fine though, since I don't plan on using it in another car.  The camera comes with the latest version of the software as of this writing. The manual directs you to mini0806.com, which has one newer update available (5/2015), but when asking SplashETech about this, they said this is the manufacturer site and that updates would be posted to the splashetech.net site, which apparently is no longer their site since the last time I visited it. I have no idea what happened with that, but it looks like the current site is advertising furniture.  The video looks good. I was only able to clearly make out license plates on the highest setting though. The GPS is a nice feature. You can set it to display the speed and coordinates on the video itself along with the date and time. When the sun is at the right angle there is a bit of glare off of the dashboard that is apparently solved with a CPL filter. I see that this is included with some other units. I kind of wish it was included with this instead of the 8gb card, since I probably will not beusing the 8gb card.  At night you can see things, but it's certainly not &#34;night vision&#34; in any sense.  One problem I found is the slot a and slot b functionality doesn't work as intended. From what I gather it's supposed to roll over to the next slot when one card is full. It does not do this though. It'll just remove the oldest files on one card when it is full. If one card is removed, it'll record to the other card. For my purposes a 32gb card is enough for 4.5 hours of video on the second largest video setting, and I really don't need to save more video than that.  Another issue is the manual mentions a &#34;parking guard mount&#34; but it simply isn't available, so there is no true parking mode. You could hard wire into an unswitched power source and just leave the camera on all the time, but that's not really an efficient solution. The option in the menu is supposed to activate recording when a vibration is felt by the camera, but it doesn't look like it works without the mount.  Overall it's a great unit and I would recommend this to a friend. I received this item at a discount in exchange for my honest review.  To recap -  Pros:  - Very small, and sleek  - Good video quality on the highest setting  - Firmware seems to be updated regularly (at least on mini0806.com)  - Comes with everything you need  Cons:  - The mount could be better  - Slot A & B functionality doesn't work properly (doesn't start recording to other card when one is full)  - Needs the CPL filter to prevent glare  - No parking mode  Edit: added video of a close call I had. The quality is significantly reduced by Amazon. In the full resolution video I can see the car's license plate.
R6GG6WUHJVOO9	2	Not the Quality I Expected for the Price Paid! This was my first lifeproof and I'll just say I was beyond excited when it was first purchased. To say that this case didn't live up to my expectations would be a huge understatement. I bought the case from Amazon and within the first month or two the mute (sound) button had torn significantly lowering the value of the case and stripping it of it's waterproof seal. I spoke with LifeProof's customer service and was sent a new phone case fairly quickly (which surprised and delighted me). Unfortunately about a month or two after receiving the replacement case it also began to breakdown (althought not as badly in the same spot) but also along the door for the charging cable (it has a hole also). These cases definitely were not worth their price and also not what I expected from a company that I heard so much positive praise about. I can't say that I'd buy again.
R1KABLAC4H88FS	5	Great price kept phone dry Went kayaking down river and case worked perfectly. I have iphone 6 plus and it fits perfectly. I did the water test before I put my phone in it. Did not take any pictures underwater but it did it did get in water with it around my neck and no problems with water coming in. Very good for me!
R344HMPGL4ZKPN	4	Heavy Duty Case for those with Heavy Duty Jobs The Defender Case is a typical OtterBox case that is heavy-duty and durable.  This product is thick and clunky.  I think of it more for a construction worker or similar field.  I like that it has a built in screen protector that does not have to be purchased separately.  The name fits the case.  This case also comes with a durable clip to use on the outside of your clothing or clipped into a bag.  The only real “negative” is the price. . . when it’s Made in China for a few bucks. . . it’s hard to justify the current price.  On the other hand, if you want a case with this kind of protection, it’s a great case.
R3SEOSO03U2FTW	5	Absolutely love this case Absolutely love this case. The finish on the back is nice a smooth but the edges give it good grip. I love that the design is not on the outer layer on the back so it does not scratch off. Low profile but sticks out enough to protect the screen and wraps completely around bottom rather than leaving it exposed as others do.
RYSNSATSAK80G	1	Great at first This is my second one in the past maybe 3-4 years, and after about a year or so they always stop working. They work awesome at first and sound great. Just wish it would last longer.
RB93QB215YC7F	3	Great but with a flaw. For the most part everything is great for me, but my biggest problem is the battery. I could 1 minute be at 100% then 2 minutes later be at 81 & it could be great one day & awful the next.
R2SE5QOGLMUJO0	5	Five Stars looks great.
RG9XZ8B5I7DWY	5	Five Stars Excellent Case
RSS1CKFAGLAWY	1	Good for 2 weeks It doesn't last more than 2 weeks. The exact time that i can't return it.  This is my fifth and last.
R3RYF6I5NFGYYF	5	Five Stars good, battery life great, software strong, speakers great
R3S17CDFDQ6NWV	2	Since I had to return the phone it didn't work ... Since I had to return the phone it didn't work now I have a screen protector that I can't use.. I have to pay the postage to get all my money back..hassle..
R2OSFLI0ORZO6P	1	Filled my car with smoke!!! Don't buy!!! I had used this once. I plugged it in to use it a second time and i immediately smelled burning and saw smoke. The end that plugs into the phone was smoking and burning. Smoke immediately filled my car. Had I not been in my driveway this could have been very dangerous. And I've now tried the charger base with other cords and it wont work with any other cord. Needless to say I would never buy another one!!!!
R1MNISRHHR1JMH	5	I use this most everyday on my bicycle. I ... I use this most everyday on my bicycle.  I get to rock to my iTunes, check weather, or use it for turn-by-turn navigation through the streets of downtown Portland Oregon.
R1P7DTCO9BKSHT	5	Five Stars great buy
R1TGQ0SP0WM2LP	5	Five Stars Working great !
R39Z7O617R733A	4	The cap fitted perfect. The unique difference is that the original was ... The cap fitted perfect. The unique difference is that the original was wite and this one is black; it doesn't affect anything under the hood.
R2RO44282WL2TD	2	I expected amazon to make better products. I have had this for a little ... The cord still works but I can see it cracks on the cord from where the cord would finally give up and stop working. I expected amazon to make better products. I have had this for a little more than 4 months. Amazon Please let me know if I can return or get a replacement. Thanks.
R2L9NAKRTT93S8	5	I like the durability of the tempered glass I had no problems putting the screen protector on my phone.  I like the durability of the tempered glass.
RO2CXQPFB35MV	3	Three Stars Glue on the velcro won't stick when hot.
R1SEVBLV0I3VGY	5	Love It Love it, it is good for when I am walking do not have to hold my phone in my hand.
R1CFDSLW76V4W0	4	You may want the Kinivo BTC450 instead If you have no use for the dual point connectivity, DEFINITELY go with the cheaper model of the same brand! (Kinivo BTC450).  The multipoint connectivity of this 455 model allows you to connect two Bluetooth devices concurrently. But it comes with some pretty major trade-offs. For one, for the first 30 seconds after turning on your car and playing music (through your phone for instance) the Kinivo is actively searching for a second device... and for those 30 seconds it fades in and out of your signal. So incredibly annoying!  The second side effect is that it gets super confusing when a second device is synced simultaneously anyways. It's gotten so frustrating with my wife in the car with her iPhone paired as well. We have no idea what the Bluetooth is doing, cause sometimes my phone works, and other times hers does. Random. I reset the Kinivo and now I am the only paired device.  I do like having a Bluetooth-enabled vehicle now, and everything else about the Kinivo I'm a fan of.  One last thing is that if you encounter interference using this you may need what's called a Ground Loop Isolator. I purchased this one (https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B001EAQTRI) and all my interference went away.
R1974UOS7ZLR	2	good for visually impaired but bad for reception The is perfect for its big button for my father with macular degeneration  Also not a complicated phone  Had to get a different SIM card for it to work for ATT. The signal goes from 2 bars to no service constantly and this is without moving. My parents would call someone and it would ring on the callers end but phone would lose signal at some point in ringing And my parents would have to keep trying. The call receiver would pick up phone but my parents weren't there since the phone not lose a signal
R2WWCLWVBE9QGU	4	Four Stars Great case, hard to open slot where you connect to charge.
RQ9KH38HQ4IS7	5	Five Stars Great price Great Quality
R1NKWBSP3L5HZP	5	Five Stars Perfect !
R341YREZB2K5YZ	4	Nice phone. It does all I need Nice phone.  It does all I need.
R1FN2BQEI453PW	5	Five Stars Nice very nice
R3NBU5XPSKLX9W	3	Not what I expected... Not what I expected... There is no screen cover so I will have to get a sepRate one to protect the screen
R32W6YX9M8TI8F	4	Four Stars Pretty case but doesn't fully fit my phone. It still works.
R1E5NIU37XN2TJ	5	Five Stars Fast delivery, works perfect
R1NQK6AKOMT3Y7	5	Love Love the prodcut
R1H1O64WYIMIGM	5	Five Stars Great! Love it!
RHLYCKUGKLSF0	5	Look no further. "No seriously this is the best Bluetooth I've ever had" Best money spent. After 2 1/2 years I've had this device. To this day I still say it's best money spent. In time the wear and tear will take its toll. Esspecially if you're like me. I wear it when running, in the gym, or if I take public transportation. I like to hear music in one ear and still be aware of my surroundings.  Be it a person or a vehicle but I'm crossing the street. You may have to replace the rubber band that lies beneath the latex ear bud. If it pops in time. My advice is to order a single pack off of this site. I was so pleased I could just order a new pack of ear buds from Amazon for under $10.
R3P6X8JTITX7KS	3	air bubble prone Has too many air bubbles.  Unable to get a clear screen.
RUB5F7MP0XDZQ	1	BEWARE: THIS POWERBOT CHARGING DEVICE IS A CHEAP PIECE OF JUNK. MICRO USB CHARGING PORT IS USLESS AFTER JUST 6 WEEKS  OF USE!!! WHAT A PIECE OF CHEAPJUNK!!!  DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU WANT SOMETHING THAT WILL FUNCTION FOR LONGER THAN 6 WEEKS! THE MICRO USB CONNECTOR ON THE POWERBOT IS ABSOLUTELY THE CHEAPEST OF IT'S TYPE I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED IN ALL THE YEARS I'VE OWNED A VARIETY OF DEVICES WITH MIRCO USB PORTS!!!  IT STARTED AFTER ABOUT 5 WEEKS OF USAGE. AT FIRST, THE PORT JUST NEEDED A LITTLE BIT OF JIGGLING TO GET IT TO WORK. AS TIME PROGRESSED, ABOUT 3 WEEKS, THE CHARGING PORT CONNECTION JUST STOPPED FUNCTIONING. NOTE: SINCE I OWN A SAMSUNG GALAXY S3, WHICH IS RENOWNED FOR IT'S HIGH MICRO USB CHARGING PORT FAILURE, AND THE REASON WHY I BOUGHT THIS POWERBOT IN THE FIRST PLACE, I KNEW THAT THE BEST METHOD FOR PREVENTING MICRO USB WEAR WAS TO LEAVE THE MICRO END OF THE CABLE PLUGGED IN TO THE POWERBOT, AND UNPLUG THE STANDARD USB CONNECTOR FROM THE CHARGER WHEN NOT IN USE. UNFORTUNATELY, THIS DID NOT WORK!  EVEN WITH MY EXPERIENCE WITH PREVIOUS MICRO USB PORT FAILURES, I WAS NOT SUCCESSFUL IN EVADING THIS ISSUE.  PLEASE CHOOSE ANOTHER BRAND THAT HAS A HARDWIRED CABLE AND SKIP ONES WITH A MICRO USB PORT. I ORDERED ONE THE OTHER DAY. IT HAS A STANDARD SIZE USB CABLE COMING OUT OF THE CHARGING UNIT. SO, I WILL LEAVE THAT PLUGGED INTO THE CHARGER AND JUST UNPLUG THE 110 VOLT CHARGER FROM OUTLET. (THIS METHOD ALSO WORKS WITH 12 v CAR CHARGERS) THIS WAY, I WON'T HAVE TO BE CONCERNED ABOUT EXCESSIVE WEAR, AS WELL, ON THE STANDARD USB CONNECTOR.
R3UA40SS5BV5SW	5	Perfect! Great buy. Works as described.
R1RX5RHZC9TBH5	3	It fits pretty good. It is very clear and is very ... It fits pretty good. It is very clear and is very easy to install. Only issue is the edges don't stick down. There is a border all the way around that seems to be trapping dust.
R2BKQPH5I6618J	5	Best car charger I have ever used Best car charger I have ever used! One of the only chargers I've actually had charge my devices consisistantly. I use a lot of phablet style phones such as the Galaxy Note Series and the One Plus One so these are some power hungry phones, other car chargers just cause these devices to discharge slower or keep a charge while this charger actually provides a real charge to my devices.
R2QS54NNFU7KQL	3	Nice but grainy Nice packaging but it leaves my screen grainy...
R3PSGQHPXDGO0D	4	Four Stars Works great and cheaper than the box stores.
R11XESNBVKLYSD	5	Best I have tried. These are amazing. I love everything about them.
RF1F4KU46AX97	4	Four Stars Great Product
R23L2N2ZX0QLWP	4	Four Stars Good product.
R3VZOCC5YZIRAF	5	Decent Case for you iPhone 6/6 Plus Overall I like this case. It keeps my phone safe from drops, but the bottom part of the case keeps falling off. It would be nice if there were a way for the two parts of the case to snap or click together to prevent this.
R3YB9QRDLAA79	5	Five Stars Just as expected. Get a lot more time out of my phone now!
R23JQDBEWIGR0W	5	Five Stars Works great love it very much!
R39VSRSFN69KAO	5	Five Stars Great ear phones! Works well.
R3BVFRTKS15LSC	2	Do not buy. UPDATED It was an excellent charger until both USB ports came apart and are so loose it won't hold a USB plug to even charge. I might take it apart to see what's wrong since my return period is over. I popped the case open to find 18650 batteries inside. I only did one corner but judging the size of say there's maybe 6-8 of the puppies in there. It may not work at a phone charger anymore but hey. Free flashlight batteries. I'll keep updating this till I fix it or junk it. UPDATE: I have taken it apart to find 8 18650 batteries. I also found why it wasn't charging. Weak soldering that broke and only connected when I held it a certain way that connected the USB port to the mother board. I will update when I get home again and try to resolder the ports.
RVCOIFQWMEFCM	5	Five Stars Works well with 4th generation iPad!
R35RDOYEVFS6I8	5	A Perfect Installation is So Easy I've used their screen protectors before but is is my first experience with the glass screen protector. It fits nicely and was so easy to install.  No bubbles of course!
R3B5J5T23RNM73	5	Five Stars Cords work great have no complaints.
R20Q5GPID4HTC8	4	This phone mount is clean and looks like it belongs in the car This phone mount is clean and looks like it belongs in the car. Not some ugly piece of plastic that serve no purpose. My only complaint is the suction cup. The mount tends to fall from the windshield often. This is can be frustrating when you're using your GPS
R1MTBHCM4BXD82	5	Small, compact, works. Works for its intended purpose.
R3GO91IH1V4GZQ	2	Two Stars Not at all what I wanted. The quality but less than desired.
R1EYFLKTNF6QIW	5	At par with original charger This would be probably my fourth Anker product and there is a reason for it. The charger is at par with latest smartphone chargers. I own a OnePlus One and did a charge test. There is absolutely no noticeable difference between as far as charge time is concerned. Tested the ampere rating with app as well, they both perform quite similar. Bought it off a sale day at $8 bucks.  Pros: - Super quick charging i.e. Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 with 2A output - 3ft long powerful cable included which is ideal for most uses - Sub $10 price point
RXH7ORVVGKW3C	5	Five Stars I have the S5 apparently bought the wrong case =(
R1W4JCN0WVLOYF	1	These come pre-impreganated with dust. Once installed, the ... These come pre-impreganated with dust. Once installed, the cover shimmers rainbow colors. I opted to leave my screen unprotected rather than use these. If these were condoms, then I'd have dozens of children by now.
R1266X3WFBK4D4	5	Protects your screen from scratches while giving it that smooth ... Protects your screen from scratches while giving it that smooth glass feeling. I'll never go back to plastic screen protectors.
R210VX1BFYPU7K	5	Five Stars Great quality. Very easy to install.
RMYGDEB324ZTH	5	Low profile and works great. Charges 2 5s's at the same time easily. Nice and low profile, was a lot smaller than most others I saw in the store.
R2SOCLGSXXTI22	5	Five Stars Fit perfectly
R15UHD6WQVS789	5	Five Stars These are the best! Super sturdy and truly waterproof. Tons better than my current case.
R3FC6JH94LWGDI	4	Four Stars It works. Period.
R3JILCXHSW89K3	2	Amazed... for a month I am amazed. This cord is perfect. First, the length. I am able to use my device in bed, use it on the couch in any comfortable position, and best of all charge my device without any faulty wiring.   The cord (10 ft) I bought is beautiful. It is nearly identical to the shipped 30-pin cords that come with iDevices. The connection from the charging end to the port on my device is firm and fixated yet not so much that its a struggle to unplug. Storage is nice because the cord coils up into a nice circle, making a comfortable width of about a soda can.  The best part of this buy is that the price was around ten dollars (including shipping). TEN DOLLARS. The quality of this accessory is so akin to the stock cords that I can hardly believe it. I will absolutely be buying more.  UPDATE: It's been about one month. The cord has ceased to charge my device. I had to buy yet another 30-pin cord. I'm asking for a refund.
R2626ZXTOWK1EH	5	Good value. Keeps screen protected. Quick delivery. Nice value. Protects the screen well. Delivered quickly.
R3M3ZU44CQI1UA	4	Must have for your EasyAcc battery pack Works nicely with the 15000mAh version and keeps it clean and protected. The case is a little bit longer which works out well as you can plug in the cable and zip it up with only the wire poking out. The mesh pocket is handy to hold the USB cables and user's manual. The zipper could be beefier, but then again, I haven't had any problems with it yet.
RDEF9QEW65A2K	5	Perfect! Nice will work just fine!
RLGNI5VO7Z5OV	5	Five Stars Thx
R2TDI0RK2WUB9B	5	Love it I'm so satisfied with this product. When my screen protector was damaged, I emailed them and they sent a new one within a few days. So glad I ordered this product.
R31MQTA7ONUN6A	5	Five Stars working perfect
RU7WQYCYW3BC3	3	Hakuna Matata Case The case I purchased was the &#34;Hakuna Matata&#34; saying one. I also have the same problem with the charging area not being able to fit the plug. Overall the skin is pretty durable protection (not if you drop it of course). But protects from scratches. It does leave the bottom open for dust and dirt to get into the speaker holes, so clean often.
RR3YQIQHORMQ1	4	Four Stars Not perfect but so good. Size is litter small to cover my phone but also can accept.
RPKDUANJ9QEQX	1	save ur money its cheap Broke the 2nd day
ROAYJ8ZNKKTXR	5	great deal! I got promo code for leaving fair review. great deal!
R3LW5H6L24F65F	4	Good quality and versatile. These are good quality; I like the Bluetooth capability. I like how they can be used wirh music and phone calls.  Sometimes, though, they do fall out of my ears. That causes an inconvenience. I would recommend these for use.
R2RX7E0BB44HZP	1	One Star does not pick up at all
R3VG8HP2767HWG	1	Not a good device I had this for only a month and the charging port just broke off inside my phone when i was taking my phone out of it. It has to be a defective device and now I can't return it. I expected this device to last longer.
RHKUNA35YIQDW	4	Super Small Lightweight Charger This is my review of the [[ASIN:B00KDLL3YS UNU Enerpak Micro Battery]]. I received this product in exchange for an honest and unbiased review. The packaging the product comes in is very simple and in the box you get a user guide and a 1 foot long micro-usb charging cable. The cable can also be used to sync your phone to your computer so that's a plus.  Onto the build of the actual battery pack this thing is incredibly small and lightweight. I weighed it at only 2.3 oz! It measures only 3.5 inches long and 1.1 or .78 inches wide depending on which side your measuring. The battery has a plastic build which contributes to the lightweight design I guess. There is also can LED light to show if the battery is charged when charging it. So it's red when charging then changes to blue when fully charged. Now the specs say this has a 1 Amp input but in my testing it actually charged slower than that at about 0.7 Amps so charging took a little bit longer than other battery packs of this capacity at about 4 to 5 hours. The USB Port outputs at 1 Amp which did output 1 Amp when I tested it with my usb power monitor.  One thing a lot of people don't realize is that portable batteries like these are never 100% efficient so you will never get the stated capacity. So you should always estimate you'll get about 70% of the total. Sometimes more or less depending on how efficient the battery is. I tested this battery using my PortaPow USB Power Monitor and using the battery to charge up my Nexus 5. I got a total of 1566 mAh which needs to be converted so the actual number is 2116 mAh. Since the stated capacity of this battery is 2800 mAh this gives us a 75% efficiency which is the average for these battery packs. Overall the Enerpak Micro Battery from Unu is a great product for you if you want the small and lightest battery if you can overlook the long charge times and that fact that you don't get different LED colors to show your charge level. Here is a link to my review on Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIgL0_IFwB8ps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIgL0_IFwB8
R1215D76DKIR9E	5	Five Stars Love it
R2W3X6VTSVLFTQ	4	but after I put it back together and plugged it in I loved it. It seemed to charge my phone quicker ... It came with the cover snapped off, but after I put it back together and plugged it in I loved it. It seemed to charge my phone quicker then my old one, and I love that I can charge my phone in one and my daughter's phone in the other. The red light lets you know without wondering that your phone or device is charging. I have charged not only my phone but my laptop as well as my tablet. It seems substantial and strong enough to stand up to my teenagers and all the electronics that &#34;must&#34; be charged while driving. I am glad I was able to have the chance to purchase this through the VIP review club, and would definitely buy again.
RWZ01A9TP1MAE	5	Five Stars This phone is amazing
R3R4TR1INOL8UZ	5	Five Stars Very very very good quality and make the device looks much more premium. It was just one issue that the package it was broken but the case it self it was ok
RZRT9RB9UD2PY	1	One Star The wiring on this product was defective
ROHCYY1ZW2G0T	5	Great choice Love it! This is a replacement for an older 7-8 year model that finally gave up. Works great with great distance detection, loud volume options and the GPS feature on alert tells you your current speed. The blue readout is great at night, but hard to see in bright sun unless it is on the Max setting. You cannot go wrong with this unit.
R2GPIGXGXSQ07B	5	Stylish case! Stunning! My girlfriend wants one,too! The case is so beautiful,  it is stunning! It fits my Galaxy Note 4  very snug, perfect cutouts for all ports, absolutely gorgeous. I have a white Galaxy Note 4, so the case  looks exactly like in the picture....actually better. I think the picture does not do it justice. My phone looks better and more stylish with clear case and a little touch of fuschia. My girlfriend is so in love with this case, she wants one, too...I might order one as a gift for her, also clear and fuschia ( dark pink)  Update: I ordered another case for my friend and she is very happy with it. We both love our clear cases with just a hint of pink.
R3FBND28XRZHT9	5	Works great, love Cricket, but a caution about the nanoSIM adapters. I Bought the previous version of this product but don't see a difference between the two. Works great with Cricket, but there is a caution.  It includes a nanoSIM, with adapters for microSIM and miniSIM. I didn't know the difference, but the phone I got had an icon on the box that said not to use adapters. I googled and found out that the problem isn't electrical, it is mechanical in that the contacts that connect to the SIM card can catch on the plastic seams of the adapter if the SIM is removed and bend or break.  This problem isn't a concern for me since I have no intention of ever removing the SIM, but it could become an issue if I change carriers (or Cricket requires a SIM change for some reason).  So, depending on your phone, and if you ever want to remove the SIM, this may be a problem. You can google how to remove a nanoSIM in an adapter safely, which essentially is to use a thin plastic sheet (like screen protector film) to slip in between the SIM and contacts before removing the adapter in order to protect the contacts. There are YouTube videos showing the method (example:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv8fA8j_8oQ).
R2VQCGAF6WAFSJ	1	junk Does not charge your iPod while plugged in the car. Rendered it worthless for me.
R16T901YOLM2L7	3	Nicewatch, but apps are not that robust Nice watch, but apps are not that robust.  Good watch and great to see texts and calls on my wrist before pulling my phone out of my pocket, but most other apps I have tried and then removed from the watch.  A few gave errors and developers did not resolve.
R24LE0IDTE024K	1	Total piece of ***** Bought this product because my battery wasn't holding charge as long and was taking longer to charge. Was told this was a new, original battery. Did as instructed in letting the battery go totally out and recharge.  Within a couple of weeks it wasn't holding a charge very well and at one point it was taking all into the evening after work, while I was asleep and had to have it plugged in at work all day into the evening and was only charged at 59%.  Don't waste your time or money.  Did return it since it was covered under Amazon's return policy.
R2HDHUAW1SSPW0	5	Five Stars great
R208LOUU47S29K	2	I love the design of this case I love the design of this case, but that's about it. For one thing, it won't even stay on my phone, it keeps randomly popping out of place and it won't actually protect your phone at all, lots of the edges are still exposed.
R39386LTJGTTY2	5	Five Stars Exactly as described, thank you
R1PE07G49WNPL1	5	Five Stars Very good cover. Protects my phone well
R3J1GRLN9VU8IT	4	good quality I'm pleased with this phone case. I was using a Pelican case that I bought at ATT when I got my phone. This one feels high quality. It does not have a rubber or silicone band or outer casing, which gives it a sleeker design. It also feels lighter than my other case, but I don't think we sacrificed protection. I have dropped my phone with this case on, without issues.I only give 4 stars instead of 5 because the case makes the buttons a little hard to push. I received this product at a promotional price in exchange for a review, but the words are my own.
R2IQEV492IA3TN	5	Five Stars this is great everything
R237R0Y17VZSQ8	5	Five Stars This was very pretty I love the BLING. It still lasts
RS2V87SMLNOM5	5	Over 10% faster charging for non-turbo compatible devices. FAST!! I've reviewing quite a few usb charging systems over the year and as far as pure speed this one topped them all. Since I have no quick charge 2.0 compatible devices I tested it on my OnePlus One smartphone and noticed an overall 10% increase of charge speeds over my usual high speed charger, and over 100% faster than a normal usb charger.  Quick stats: Turbo Charger from Iclever: 2000 mah My speedy hootoo usb faster charger: 1900 mah Normal usb charger: 1000 mah  This is a personally recommended item.
R2W4OWT5WPSJ4Q	1	One Star I would not recommend. Shattered on the first drop including my iPods screen.
R2SZRAVCYSGTSC	3	Good, with a major flaw - The watch tends ... Good, with a major flaw - The watch tends to become disconnected from the dock regularly because the magnet is recessed into the stand. I've woken up a few times and had to charge it differently.
R1TIDWG0EOAHR0	4	Four Stars it worked real good
R2S0TCFUQP8132	4	Love it Love it so pretty as seen in picture but of course u are buying a plastic cover so not made for providing much damage control but it can handle a few drops if need be
R3D34M0ENFBW13	5	Good Device Purchased for a colleague, he seems to be getting on fine with it
R21NIGY28QWOB1	4	Good Mophie! I am well satisfied with the Mophie 2200.  Is it real or a knockoff?  It sure looks real to me.  The packaging, product, and instructions are first rate.  It was at half charge out of the box.  It seems to loose a little charge during the day.  You absolutely MUST use the provided cable.  The one that came with the phone is to light weight.  It has too much loss.  It will work even better with a higher amperage charger like the one from a tablet. The fully charged Mophie will only recharge my S3 to about 60% ( wonder if it might be old/new stock?).  Which is okay for my needs.  It fits my phone perfectly!  No removing the back of the phone or anything like that.  I added a screen protector to protect the screen.  Both seem to protect the phone somewhat.  I don't think it comes anywhere close to the protection that I gave up using the Otter Box Defender (which leaks dust and dirt like a screen door and lasts less than a year before the rubber deteriorates).  The LEDs, switches, and case cutouts perform perfectly.  The buttons are somewhat sensitive, like on the phone itself.  Takes some getting used to after having to mash the buttons on the Otter Box.  It solved two of my needs. 1. No need to carry a spare battery in my pocket.  2. Saves the wear and tear on my phone recharging jack which can be somewhat fragile.  I am totally happy with this purchase, especially at the price of less than $20.  Now if could only find the drop in charger for it.  How cool would that be?
R2RTZ1XTGCDX6W	5	Five Stars Works very well and easy to install.
R1XKV24FN0LLLC	1	One Star It is not galaxy s4 compatible due to the absence of the headset cutout
R1XEYWN4E9XQBC	4	Hyperion cover Yes, this IS a two piece unit (although at first blush it appears to be one piece).  There is one problem, though, and that one of the pieces of plastic partially covers the sound level button and causes the telephone to act erratically.  So, take some wire snips and cut it off and you're good to go.
R3UTTHFP3DRUGO	5	Five Stars Damn good product. Works well with my 2014 Moto X.
R2W65WDQCBGOXA	5	I bought this for my granddaughter. She absolutely loves it Excellent purchase
R126ZVLBUUH7C9	3	Gorgeous case, breaks too easily. Here's the thing. These cases are gorgeous. I dropped my phone once and it wasn't the wood that got damaged but the plastic surrounding the edges of the phone! I love the cases so much and I get tons of compliments on them so I bought a new one. I havent broken it yet, but I know its just a matter of time.
R3KBS4WI5ZFLNX	5	Five Stars Love it
R17D898U44PR1Q	4	Four Stars Kind of bulky but it does fit on the phone well.
RLL1DXEQG7PW5	5	Enjoy the sound Love the sound and noise cancellation I feel surrounded by the music without outside distractions. They are comfortableto wear for extended period of time and the folding portability is great.
RMO9DFPTAMFAG	5	These are my favorite earbuds. The sound quality is good These are my favorite earbuds. The sound quality is good. The earbuds fit nice and snugly and stay in place. They are even comfortable to wear while laying on my side in bed. The remote & mic make pause/play and answering calls very easy.
R3V9VRDVXMOJCK	5	was great doing the job very was great  doing the job  very happy
R2NC25EWEX7ZD	3	Three Stars It was okey.
R15CQ4YKL282OV	5	Five Stars Very happy with this purchase. Thank You!
R14TNQVFXO2W8I	5	I was skeptical at first, trusting my phone to ... I was skeptical at first, trusting my phone to these bags, but I'll be damned, it worked perfectly. So long as you set up a hardware button on your phone for snapping pictures, you can take underwater photos and videos all day long.  Remember a few things if going in the ocean: 1. Open your camera/video app before entering the water (Capacitive screens do not work underwater) 2. Assign a hardware button to snap a picture/start recording 3. Put your phone in Airplane mode. You won't get any signal underwater anyway.
R1WHQT0JX84ITT	4	was good at first It is a very protecting case and I would say it was almost worth it. But if you get it, make sure you are getting it for all of its features and not just because it's water proof. The head phone jack cover broke off very easily but was fixable with just a little bit of glue
RIVWYH6C0T0TR	5	I really love this case it is made out of what looks ... I really love this case it is made out of what looks like real wood but the only bummer is that it does crack easily the first time i dropped my phone it cracked which is really a bummer i only had it for 3 days!! I do have to say it is very protective because i dropped it down my stairs and i really thought it would crack but it didn't!!
R1U0LCP9IRT6MK	5	Five Stars Love having an extra battery
R3AR4YMGC0XQXI	5	nice Does its job. Nice looking, I like the stand. Can use the stand horizontal or vertical
R1A6CEZMSJW3H1	5	Five Stars Great fit
R390DYX0X3HWKM	5	Five Stars My husband uses this almost daily. Loves it.
R3RUYKV6Q50R	5	Five Stars Was brand new and in perfect condition!
RCV8FKZ5UQSLY	5	great buy for a solid brand name detector It gets the job done, as described, great buy for a solid brand name detector, very basic, but hook up and go.
R2WSGZ3EU8EC8W	5	Five Stars It took a long time to get it but once we did my son loves it.
R2IEMV69139PHO	5	great deal There are great. Just what I wanted.
R26D5J3RS1CPIE	5	Five Stars Good Price
R11TRC1XAEWY1X	1	Epic fail This should be rated zero stars. Worst electronics purchase I have made in years. This thing is absolutely terrible. I travel a lot for work in the car and in and out of noisy airports each week. The sound suppression not only suppressed background noise but my voice cut in and out. Tried different placements of the mic and found if I smashed it against my face you could understand me on the other end. To hear anyone when driving or in a noisy environment I had to smash the earpiece into my ear and hold it with my hand. Not at all practical or comfortable. I either received a very defective product or the fact this thing is on the market is damn near criminal. I threw it out the window while driving it was so frustrating to try and rely on as a business person trying to conduct business in our mobile world. Epic failure of a product.
R3IP3SBHTZGO7	5	this case is awesom! I dropped my case at ... 💜💜💜this case is awesom ! I dropped my case at least 4 times and I had no damage to my phone!
R19SHOJC0C6579	1	I'm very disappointed. This is not what I wanted ! I wanted a glass protector and not a plastic one. I'm very disappointed.
R6KKXI2X3M2OC	4	so if you like the Tech Armor logo Cable does everything as intended. Only issue for me is the &#34;TA&#34; logo brushed off within a day of usage, so if you like the Tech Armor logo, I'm sorry.
R1ROP8RK1TOPFI	5	Not much protection to the phone but really pretty. Really cute. Not much protection to the phone but really pretty.
R3AXDXICYPH2Y3	1	One Star Constantly says out of range, even when the phone is right next to the headphones.
R3TE7BO6D9G875	1	One Star not gud
R1MBGBQXQFX0M1	4	Very handy devise for a small price. Delivery was fast, and devise works well, as described.
R3GIY6VR64S7R1	5	It really holds super strong! WOW!!!!  It really holds super strong!!!  Very helpful
R12KOD7DLKDAO9	5	Five Stars Arrived on time and as described.
RS3Q7QIEOO2TA	4	Quality screen protector Pretty good screen protector, has a tendency to smudge more often and leave more fingerprints than the actual screen does, but other than that, great product, especially for the price
R2115HFIXBO3FB	4	Four Stars Works
R27GW6ZIJF0BE6	1	This is a complete waste. I am the worst of the purchase list This is a complete waste. I am the worst of the purchase list. The worst finish of the goods, quality is also not good.  you can see circle of the screen and bond between screen.
R3FYQICLSLWA4M	5	Five Stars Worx.
R1LNKPHIP5RSHM	5	So Easy – Just Sticks On Took me 30 seconds to install on my cell phone, so easy
R2HF408ZISHFRD	5	Five Stars Great cable! It's the perfect size and makes everything sound great! Thank you :}
R1ZFQSWXPECS14	5	Very nice, quality case with moderate protection and little bulk. I was very impressed with the quality, fit and finish of a brand I've never heard of.  Verus makes a nice case!  Everything lines up and fits tight as it should.  All materials are top quality. The case does not add much bulk to the Note 5.  The case was easy to install on my Note 5.  I disagree that the case is hard to take off.  I found it very easy to remove by pushing through with my thumb on the back TPU section while pulling back on the front section with my other index fingers, at the corner where the S-pen is located.  I think the case would do a good job at protecting my Note 5 if it fell on it's back, sides, but not the front or on a front angle drop.  The case just doesn't have enough material there. A slightly thicker front TPU lip is needed to increase protection.  Some texture on the sides of the molded poly-carb would help to hold the phone  better.  The hair line finish on the back looks very good in person.  Finally, I would recommend this case to anyone looking for moderate protection for their Note 5.
R31JUI2ZC721I2	1	One Star Broke easily, and is hard to put on and hard to take off too.
R3R1QWVYKBHHWE	5	Surprising great case, I've been using this for 6 months ... Surprising great case, I've been using this for 6 months already and have dropped my phone few times, great protection and fits nice too. I just bought another one for my sister's phone!
R2DNIQMF7SSEYY	3	I bought this product, its oky but I could ... I bought this product , its oky but I could not plug in to my Toyota corolla, anybody knows if it works for Toyota corolla car?
R27D7RGEKBP3B5	1	One Star Loved the color was a true purple but the mic stopped working after a month
R2YCKXD6GZITD4	5	and this is my favorite. I have to make myself exercise Have tried several other trackers, and this is my favorite. I have to make myself exercise, so I want full credit for every step.
R101Y7R6H8WEYH	5	Five Stars Workes greatly
R3B5X5SWL42OCH	5	but work great. The quality of it is better than expected ... They are basic, but work great. The quality of it is better than expected so far. And the magnet on it works so great, It's like it is held by a button. So far very happy with it.
R24JI6SH1JN1YK	3	My son-in-law found a better one. But this works This one isn't quite strong enough.  My son-in-law found a better one.  But this works.
R2QV8R1OOJKN86	5	Five Stars very pretty
R33FFV16RJBRJS	1	One Star DID NOT WORK
R2JPIRD162ZHSO	5	10foot 8pin iPhone cable I have been wanting a longer iPhone cord and this one works! I have been using it for a few months and it still works fine. Love the added length so it will now reach from the plug to the table.
R2B4NAKBO470BP	5	Love it! Quality material! Excellent fit on the phone.  Exactly how it was decribed.
ROYO3VFKD2O0F	2	Two Stars stopped working after one use.
RRY2WLKNB1520	2	Deceiving picture I ordered this product because I wanted the adhesive that is pictured with the replacement screen.  When I got the product there was no adhesive.  Very disappointed.
R38M5B8GOTWPZZ	4	Four Stars nice product
R2ZJFSTAJFRZ8V	5	Nostaligia product its amazing
R3VJ0HGL8RQ5L8	5	love the see thru slot for id love the see thru slot for id, love the feel of the case, getting lot of comments, love the closing tab and the phone case holder in the case.
R3IL9ERGT4QZRV	5	Five Stars Really like this phone.
R3BCX2BFOAJ84B	2	Two Stars It was very hard to put on
R2TP35IMOSZH53	5	Five Stars perfect just what i needed
R170E9PR63NR9X	5	Five Stars Excellent Thank You..
RVB6R05HQUVFM	1	It was really cute when it arrived.. But ... It was really cute when it arrived.. But less than 30 days literally fell apart .. Not worth your time!
R2PONS8Q1920YW	5	Five Stars Perfect
R32Y5WBERYAPP7	2	Two Stars Camera hole is too small and the volume buttons were off.
ROHT6UHJSPFCB	4	Works as advertised; just a replacement for the home button only Works as a replacement iPhone 5S home button.  Remember, there will be no itouch after you replace the button.  The process to replace the buttom is fairly straight forward and easy.  Just check out all the youtube videos.  This came safety packaged
R7QSWREL9IYHU	5	Five Stars Surprising nice quality. Fits my macbook 2015 perfectly.
R3NRZEX2CXTISD	4	not bad I like it for the $$$$$$ Bought this and gave them a try and let me tell you how they are had for like a month now bought back in August so for he price is not bad paid like $5.00 dlrs around I have iPhone 6 4.7 with otter box and installation is not that bad the only thing it will not work if u use the otter box because it won't sense your finger its to many plastics so what I did I cut out the screen on my otter box and whola perfect true screen size is a little tight could of use like a couple of millimeters more but besides that I like it no more nosey people peeping on your screen 😆
RP6YUUYBSWQ25	4	Four Stars looks good
R2ZUQXWBR2K5W8	5	fast and great quality this is amazing quality and it came fast!
R3UO22M7T7V6WI	5	Love it!! Have had lots of compliments.  Very sharp looking, good quality. Love the led display for added privacy of my homescreen. Favorite case so far! It's almost magical how the display appears through the leather case.
R15KQTYM8ASGC3	2	Poor quality Has already cracked after 1st fall. I just need the cover now but have to order the whole set all over again. Price is ok but poor quality.
R22K1HZK874DRV	5	Love my wallet case Love my wallet case. I ordered a second one shortly after purchasing my first because once the first falls apart (as all wallets and/or cases do) over time...I wanted a backup on hand! Would easily order more if needed!
R18AUQEM1FUBUU	5	Nicely packed cables. These inexpensive cables work fine and feel like good quality.  The packaging is a step up from a blister pack or cheap box, and has some nice notes and thank yous for purchasing the product.  Just opening the box gave me a feeling of quality.
R2EZP5OYU4C928	2	falls apart quickly Falls apart quick.  Need a new one or some thing.  Maybe a new replacement for free would be nice.
R23BEJA40DHL1W	4	this battery works well as the one I had, ... this battery works well as the one I had, which is as much as I could have expected. I was just hoping it would last longer than the year old one I had been using. I'll have to spend aliitle more next time.
R2J93NP27JB41C	5	Five Stars Just as described
R26TY0UT2JRGNS	5	Youing need to own these! I have them paired with a little Kenwood KAC-M1824BT amp. I have them installed in my Polaris Ranger in the ceiling. The bass is not the best but sound amazing in every way. I will be buying more of these for my boats. I would put these up against any speaker of any maker of any size at any price point. I will personally guarantee that if you install these with a modest amp you will be thrilled! If you don't like them message me through amazon and I will buy them.
RF1OBFJO1O4JC	5	Great case Bought for my stepdad. He loves it. Fits great. Great protection.
R1LD931MRXE021	4	Four Stars Fit wonderfully, was easy to put on. Great price.
R11B6BJBJKR63T	5	Amazing ❤️ Anker has never disappointed me. I love it. It works well, but it is fairly big and does weigh a bit more than I expected. It's a bit heavy, but it can restore my devices super fast. Worth the money! If I have enough money, I'll buy your amazing new product &#34;Anker PowerCore+&#34;
RHMB2J1I6CMNY	1	One Star Did not work at all
RKN753FX1YUOB	1	Waste of money These headphones will only light up if they are charging. They will not pair with any of my devices. (ipad mini 3, galaxy 6s, windows phone). It is nearly impossible to tell if they are even on or not. Once you unplug, they will not light up again. In the seller instructions, it says that it would connect when the light was blinking red and blue... but it won't even blink. Charged for a few hours, but still nothing. I'm not sure it's even worth returning. Please do not buy these headphones. I'm hoping that the seller will get into contact with me.
R1L0TBKJRQ21OO	5	Dee I thought it was hard case. But it is cute for a cover. Delivery was great
R9N2Q4G36U2NF	3	Why not green led instead of blue? With all the research about blue leds messing up circadian rythims you'd figure more manufactures would take the hint and use green instead of blue..  Anyway blue led aside the cable worked for about 6 months of daily use then the connector wore out.  It was nice to have the lit end to find in the dark though.
R2W88P8QKKXORC	5	Five Stars Bought it as a gift and my parents love it.
RQ65EE3ABCVPC	4	It works for me! I'm an elephant collector, I may be a bit biased but I love this case! I can keep my ID inside it, the phone fits perfectly!! I would love to get another one in a different color.
RW4U0AJJLXDUJ	3	Loose place holders The case is slim, sleek and convenient. However, a few of the SIM slots are loose. Most SIM cards or adapters I put in the slots end up bouncing around in case and I need to be careful when opening it to ensure they do not fall out.
R2QBWPVMOXVWFP	5	Five Stars Excellent Thank You..
RF770IWGW5GYQ	1	One Star Terrible. Screen protector not even as wide as my note 4 screen, doesn't stick well on the edges.
R2PGBYS821ESN2	5	Five Stars VERY NICE GOOD PRICE
RD8AQNDZKURU1	4	Four Stars Came quickly and great feel. Will buy again in other colors.
R2TQ6JBGIFOZUU	5	Perfectly paired with portable pocket power gadget. Lovin it thus far. I got this to keep in my pocket along with a small portable power pack and love them both. Before I would run out of juice before making it to my car but now I'm good. Because it's in my pocket all the time I wonder how long it will last before the little cable is wore out but if I get 6 months out of it I will be happy. If I don't, I'll be sure to revisit this review.
R3N0GWUL56MY57	2	Don't purchase for 26650 size batteries I purchased this because I wanted a wall charger for some 26650 batteries.  It is unreasonably difficult to insert batteries of size 26650 into the charger.  plus they don't appear to seat correctly.  I returned this for this reason as well as the fact that it arrived damaged.  Smaller batteries will most likely fit much better.
RETG4MLFN49XM	4	Solid case The case is very good. However it is clunky and makes the phone much heavier.
R1W1WSSKU5W1JZ	4	Charger works fine. But I had searched for "iphone 6 car ... Charger works fine. But I had searched for &#34;iphone 6 car charger&#34; and this popped up so I never even thought to confirm it was actually for an iPhone 6 since I'd specifically typed that. Used the car base and bought a new cord. Not sure if Amazon or seller/Belkin was misleading but a pain either way. But the car charger base works just fine.
ROJG8D96YNRAL	5	Excellent protection for the Samsung Galaxy S (grey) Excellent protection for the Samsung Galaxy S4.  It is soft, pliable, and easy to install.
R2EJ68123DO005	1	One Star terrible fit and sound
R2PRJUXUJHL7ZO	4	Four Stars love it!
R3UL1L0SE99PDO	5	Five Stars Good screen protector!
R1VU0VWGPYSL6S	3	Three Stars Good
R2NJ7ADS1AI2CF	1	This phone is no good. The screen goes off and on This phone is no good.  The screen goes off and on, and it is not even a year old.  Don't be selling phones to customers that wouldn't even last a year.  Besides, the screen goes blank every time.
R18VS2UZB0TIHR	5	Five Stars Great fit!
R1W31QRZAA0ILF	5	my phones going on 3 years just fine. Other than that I have also exercised extreme ... Well, it's been 3 years since my purchase, and this case is still working for me.  No it may not be water-proof, but put the phone ina  plastic bag or thin layer of plastic, put the excess to the back, put this phone case back on and there you go, it's semi-water proof at that point at least.  That got me through rainy work days when I had to work outside.  Either way this case has caused my phone to survive alot, I wore some pants that had awful pocket slots on them and it kept falling out of my pocket while mountain biking on pavement, my phones going on 3 years just fine.  Other than that I have also exercised extreme caution with my phone, I rarely, if ever, drop my phone under any circumstances.  This case has a great grip to it which isn't easily dropped.  I can't really say enough about this, I got mine for $5.00, however I see the price is now at about $9.97,  still a good deal, most definitely.
R2QFMLTHF3A7DB	4	But it a great The Bluetooth did not work with my iphone6. But it a great product
RG3X5AXD7WGN1	5	Five Stars Love the lace look it!
R3AH93LWQYXF8L	5	Beautiful packaging and wonderful directions that went with it Beautiful packaging and wonderful directions that went with it! I usually have bad luck with putting on screen protectors rather crooked or tones of bubbles but with the tools they give you along the clear and easy to follow directions, it was a peace of cake and I don't mean to brag but mine is on there pretty perfect! The clarity is like nothing is on my screen no  cloudiness what so ever also the cover feels like the apple glass so going from no cover to this was seamless!
R2W6VW1HSOPBGN	5	Five Stars Works great although the rubber handle slides a lot.
R2TN8PASREAN2N	4	Four Stars works great
R2G50YPUV1S7X3	1	Sucks! Sucks!
R2I32IBBHG6C55	4	Great band. Comfortable and fits nice Great band.  Comfortable and fits nice.
R1TW68QTE7HY2I	5	Native Union night cable Excellent product. Initial purchase had one problem in that USB end broke inexplicably. However, once I contacted support team at Native Union, they were swift in apologising and sending me a new cable in the post ( which is working fine ). Product is really useful in that 3 metre solid fibre cable allows so much more flexibility for usage while using far away plug points. The moveable weight ball is also a simple yet genius idea as it enables the stability of knowing that IPhone won't slide off and fall/smash on the floor. Combined with the excellent customer service at Native Union I would strongly recommend this product. This a company that really values its customers, well done NU!
RQA0UMC32GSJ4	5	Five Stars Very good product, and on time delivered
R3GZ84HXI2IDL7	5	Five Stars works well
R2FM0U0I7GAZKP	5	camera use camera use
R2257HZRPK2HPL	2	Two Stars Border case wore out within a couple of weeks
R2XM8ZF8TVU8MT	1	Bad Made a squealing noise no matter which channel it was on
R1FK0108QUVJ1M	5	Works Great! Just as it says it is. Sounds great. Easy install. Would buy again.
R1AJ8J9FEV01S0	5	Works great no 'device not supported' message, I've been using this charging cable for at least 6 months, no issues
R2CKA716XGQBHZ	5	Five Stars I love my case...
R3KYAA02KFF9KW	5	Convenient I use this all the time, works great.
R3BXSCSZEE36FH	4	Even works with a case on Works exactly as it should and even charges my S6 with a case on.  It'd be 5 stars if it came with it's on plug in USB adapter.
R3LP9FFYP62RJ5	5	OLD GLORY AT HER FINEST NICE PRINT OF OLD GLORY,LIKE IT VERY MUCH
R1M6RI7U35E5LX	1	One Star It broke the 2nd time I used it. :(
R2KX1ECDFWKDFG	5	Five Stars Works great
R17AGPY3M7GSC0	5	Works for me Decent enough, it has come up a bit in one corner and has a scratch on it. Saved my phone from getting that scratch.
R21KDCF8S84I47	4	Selfie stick works great, all you have to do is plug it ... Selfie stick works great, all you have to do is plug it into your phone & go. The only issue I had was with the packaging. The box was a little smashed and the only instructions for the device was on the back of the box in extremely small print. Luckily it was easy to figure out on my own. I purchased this product at a discount for my honest review.
R1MVX7LVZYERPF	5	The last case you'll ever buy!!! This is the last case you'll ever buy!!! Dog & Bone cases are the real deal and are superior to Lifeproof cases. I say this because a threw my Lifeproof in the garbage and took the chance on the Dog & Bone case. With this case I get the same protection without the muffled sound which is what sold me. Plus the case is far more pleasant to look at. Also their customer service is A++ they responded to my emails within minutes. Overall you can't go wrong with this case or company they are awesome.
RD4A51WRMTKQE	5	Best solution for mounting your phone. After one use I went out and bought 3 more. I tried one then went and bought 3 more for my kids' cars. so much better than suction cup devices or gluing something to your dash. Although designed for a phone without a case, they work fine with LifeProof and other cases. Horizontal or vertical and with power cable plugged in. I can now use the iPhone with Waze(r) as my primary GPS, in place of my bulky, outdated Garmin GPS that I can retire.  Small, lightweight but does the trick. Seems solid and clever way to hold your phone.
RK7QBO8LQ4G60	1	One Star Missing part and it was advertised for iphone6 it was for iPhone 5
RLW9QGXG7VKSD	5	Five Stars Fast service. Product was as described.
R21KEP4KAXYJ98	4	Four Stars its great. But its hard to get off the phone  ;D
R2AIR4D3ZKVE7P	3	Three Stars Fit as expected
RQ0M8UI1U5R6R	5	Five Stars relley good
R1Z5MWV6MSUVM3	5	Perfect solution to replacement of battery in Galaxy 3 phone Perfect solution to replacement of battery in Galaxy 3 phone. Price is great and no issues with working right away.
R3ROFTXF5WULLS	5	great product for a fair review they provided me with a discount code. great product
R3GEHGTPU57XIR	1	Not in Apple box or packaging hard to tell if own cable Item not received in Apple box. They were both in a plastic bag. The cable might be own but can't tell for sure since its white. The wall charger adaptor is a knock off because it has no apple logo on it and says happy on it made in China. Not what I was expecting at all.
R3E4XYA4O0FSJM	5	Pleased This was just what I needed for a recent road trip. Everyone was able to charge their phone and the product worked well. Charged rapidly and didn't overheat. Liked the labeling on the product which shows the charge number for phone or tablet. Overall, I'm pleased with this product.
R2SXBDCB10R5V4	4	After months of use still love it. Great stand, I would recommend it to anyone who wants the ability to charge their watch and phone at the same time.  I use mine with a 42mm watch and a iPhone 6 plus so size is no issue.  My only wish is better cable management, the watch cable stays put well but the one for the phone has to be tied around the base.  It works but some kind of clip holding the phone cord in place would be nice so it doesn't fall to the floor when not in use.
R20TKDY92XY05O	4	Four Stars Item came as described. Only wished they had included a screen protector for the phone.
R1XJ7BG1C9M5N6	2	Blah. Doesn't connect instantly. Takes several minutes to connect to iPhone and be able to listen to music. I went back to aux cord.
R12D8GIXIKZWE6	5	Five Stars =)
R2G44KU0UHSTSX	5	Product feels like it is good quality Product feels like it is good quality. I hope to get a few years out of this. I feel confident about this product.
R1XEXIVFGUP2XH	4	Good unit, great price. Works just as advertised. The operation takes some getting used to but it is a great unit for the price. The play button can be a little unresponsive given that three buttons are in pretty close proximity, so it will take some practice to be able to nail it on the first try.
R3U8YSBF2DXXA	5	Five Stars Adorable!
R3H9FHJ35LAZSQ	4	Easy application, but cracks easy. Very easy to put on because it's a glass plate and not a plastic film. But it cracks easily. I don't drop my phone that much and when I do it's a small drop with no damage, but the few times I've dropped my phone this screen protector cracks. I'm glad my actual phone screen didn't, but I don't think it would've anyways. I've bought 2 of these now and they have only lasted a couple weeks before cracking from a small drop. Other than cracking easily this is a good screen protector.
R3C6VX7UXONYDA	3	Three Stars Too bulky
R3651GK4FM3IQB	5	I love this product I love this product! It's very lightweight and durable. It also has two pockets for mostly used cards or an ID pocket. What surprised me is the small mirror it came with, great idea..not too bulky! It arrived in a very sturdy package to protect it. I would buy another, to gift for a friend.
R8283WSQHCHFG	5	Great bang-for-your-buck Note 4 case Great case, protects well, not impossible to remove, looks nice. Kickstand is a bit flimsy bug I never really use it anyways.
R31JS6LRF157ET	5	Easy to use Best price and good quality
R3FGIU2X2W39A1	5	Kissfist my cords!! It works better than my other 10 feet cord!!! Hope I can take care of it instead of buying it all over again!!! 😁😆
R17A0840UXX88I	5	Five Stars Really good
R2SJC2JBEJQHAZ	5	This is an excellent watch and fitness tracker This is an excellent watch and fitness tracker.  Ordering was easy and arrived on time (even on a Sunday).  I have been very impressed by the watch and would recommend highly.
R3VVZQ3I5EHGYA	1	It dont work Received my easay2pick takgs(2) about 2 weeks ago. It doesn't work. I guess Ill have to spend a small fortune buying 4 new batteries. Anyy ets that wont fix the problem?
R317LJXRNMSGDH	5	Great to carry everything in one place... This makes carrying everything in you want in one place.
R3K5SBGGG3SWZS	4	Still cute Came super early not the exact color but it's cute
RDV3DD6YGTJVP	4	Very good price, works very well Very good price, works very well. I plugged my I phone 5 direct to the charger. This power adapter which can be used for input AC110-240V and output 5VDC/1A. It charged very fast. Great products. I am very happy with this adapter and will buy it again.
R3CF9BO3WDEQJF	4	Four Stars Exactly what I wanted.
R3HHT0XDW54JD1	5	So far works great, no complains Bought it for my kids. So far works great , no complains.
R3LZTRY2KCUL8D	5	iPhone 6 sport armband I purchased the iPhone 6 sport armband in green it's a great color just like the pic.  These are stitched well, the neoprene is soft and strong, it's pretty comfortable. I haven't worked out with it but I can tell you it's perfect for playing with your kids at the playground, after you get used to it you forget you're wearing it.  My phone fit even with a slim bumper case on (youvogue); and the touchscreen, while not as sensitive, was still usable through the vinyl face on this and with the tempered glass screen protector.  The little key slot is too small for an automotive chip key but I didn't even notice that it had one in the description so I didn't buy it for that anyway. You could tuck some cash in there.  All in all its a great piece of gear and I will use it a lot.  Love the fun colors!  I purchased this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
R1DF5UWOKG63U3	5	Best Case I Ever Had! This is the one of the best cases I have ever purchased! I had one for my ZTE Savvy phone by Straight Talk, and the only reason I sold it is that the phone just quit working! I would have kept this case, except that it would not fit my present phone, contrary to another Amazon review.  Too bad! If you are thinking about getting this case, go ahead, and I don't think you will regret it!!
R3FYIBWQNAIMUC	4	It still works great though. The only downside to this cable is the end that goes into the phone has a larger cover than the official Apple branded cable. It still works great though.
R341PAF5WX45PM	1	Run dont look back Loses satellite in open areas turns off when your in heavy traffic can't read the screen in sunlight.. Good thing you can play games at least it's not a total loss just 99%
R2460GQUVS6VW5	5	Love these cant not go wrong for this price and these are great!!
RKANHW1JYW3BV	3	Decently Nice I received this product for an unbiased view.  First of all, I love that these headphones work with Bluetooth. Cordless is a great idea for exercising! However, unfortunately I have had difficulty with these headphones cutting in and out. I have used these headphones to listen to music while biking outside, with my phone in my pocket. There were a number of occasions where it sounded like my music skipped, which I know never happens when I used corded headphones. Other than the occasional skipping, these headphones are pretty awesome
R16267V3QLHKO1	4	Four Stars We gave this to our granddaughter for her birthday.  She LOVES it!  She's 18 going on 35.  :)
ROO2N3GLZIEFM	5	It worked as advertised. Plugged it in, turned ... It worked as advertised.  Plugged it in, turned on pairing and paired to phone, clicked the go button to find a station, tuned radio to station and hit play on Apple music.  This has solved a daily problem with 3 kids and 2 adults that had to rotate a very long AUX cable around the truck to play each other's music.  Another daily problem solved!!!
R3L46PXDDL5MJU	5	Five Stars Product as described
R2F8ATD962P3VO	1	One Star Damaged product
R3SZ84OIZL5BDF	2	Desechable. .. Works great, but only for a very short limit of time. Maybe, 1 or 2 months, then you must to buy a new one.
R2PH94TEXR2AAK	4	Nice Price, Just what i wanted Just what i was looking for. For the price it works just as i had hoped, some minor issues bring it down a bit but a solid buy for the price.  Pros: sturdy table clamp (very adjustable) Long tapering neck (it is malleable and stays where you bend it, which was a nice surprise) Table/phone clamp (i think its spring loaded but it had a good grip on my table so i know it wont go any where) Clamp Opening (has slits on the sides to allow u to plug in the charger and head phones if used in landscape)  Cons: sags a bit (I have a Galaxy Tab 4 8in so its a smaller tablet and when i put it it leans forward a little bit, because i watch it in my bed, so i just need to bend it higher to compensate, nothing terrible) Clamp Openings(bc i have a smaller tablet the speaker plug is blocked when i need to charge the tablet and vice versa  its a good buy for the price
R1NX317JDXKX8G	5	Five Stars Awesome
R11DZ2OBUQUMZ8	1	One Star wish i hadnt bought it.
R1WH3BT4SLL67M	5	Must-have for Fitbit Charge Does what I expected it to.  Absolutely essential on a Fitbit Charge.
RTIFX16U66U7A	5	Don't know what I did without this Solves the problem of not being able to plug in anywhere
RNHQMFNZQWVS	4	works perfect works perfect
RIYOZEZG4J1YG	5	Fantastic Sounds great. Fit perfect in my 02 escape.
R3LM5UFFNHO39L	5	Five Stars Grandson loves it
RWS91G931OACH	5	Five Stars god job
R111GLNE1LD8X8	5	What a great little unit What a great little unit.. Ordered this for my father in law and we used it over the weekend.  I used a laser rangefinder and he used this. It was spot on.  PROS:  Superlight, accurate, small, easy to read, user friendly  Cons:  no slope meter... thats it!  Loved it... I almost want one for when I cant see the hole... thats when laser is useless
R1A0HISWC90DH8	5	Five Stars perfect
R4OA48LLA19B	5	Perfect for quickly charging all of my Apple devices at ... Perfect for quickly charging all of my Apple devices at once. A must have if you are a family with multiple tablets, phones, etc.
R22TA2I1YZXTVG	5	Five Stars Great product, shipping was really fast
R1BWHOPMR83N4S	5	very cute and well made Daughter loves it! very cute. great price for a well made case.
RIBOM9Q9H5QPJ	5	Five Stars Works great
R3DTAM2Y7MBMS5	5	Excellent product Perfect fit for the Samsung S5. and well made with good material.  Thanks!!!
RXB5KPXJ3VL1J	5	No bubbles It adheres easily to the screen , no bubbles . I like it !
R26WKGJ46NCDWF	5	WORKS Fast shipment and product seems  to do it's job
R1IC8MFJXHOTF	1	One Star It won't fit my iPhone 6 plus.
RPHAU30ZLGOK1	5	A must for iphone users! Easy to put on ! Very good quality ive bought these before and got flimsy cheaply made ones i was very satisfied with this one it was sturdy and went on easily , a must for anyone looking to protect theyre precious screen!
R3Q2UD51AUJDG9	2	Terrible headset if you are used tho the lg sbh780 This headset outs terrible. My husband is used to the lg but we got this one for fear of getting a knock off version of his beloved lg set. This had no range and I can barley heart him when he talks. I purchased out awhile back for him. He keeps putting it in the drawer for use if his beloved lg broke again. This week the inevitable did happen and yes he went to using this thing. He hates it and I hate hearing about how much he hates it.  Now if you do not have a superior set you've used previously it may be ok for you. He has to have an easy too hide set so it doesn't show on his uniform at work with good range. He also listens tho music all the time too when He's running and working out. He's on the phone all the time and it has to be something easily hidden and comfortable to use. For some reason it seems tho be just the opposite for him. So anyway this it's my honest review but like I said you may not be as picky as he is.
RQ7K4ASOGA7GE	3	but it feels like it will nearly break the cd slots on my ... Solidly mediocre. Yes, it does the job, but it feels like it will nearly break the cd slots on my and my wife's car. It also feel a bit cheap. If I could do it over, I'd likely pass on this mount.
R1RRMV2CGN77II	2	Unit Detects as expected for the price, compass does ... Unit Detects as expected for the price, compass does not work correctly. city button continues to stick and can not set while mounted to window. power supply quit working, I opened and found the ground wire had come off, after soldering back it worked. after trying unit , I will most likely not buy another whistler unit.
R1R8JGHV9C8EMW	2	The band looks good, but cannot be adjusted small enough for my ... The band looks good, but cannot be adjusted small enough for my wrist. I have an average women's size wrist for 5&#34;4&#34; and 125#
R2E1OX3AYAYDGQ	5	Don't hesitate to buy this screen protector. Follow the simple easy instructions and your screen protector will be installed correctly.  I used 2 of the 3 sticky tabs to hold it in place.  The screen protector is not noticeable and it doesn't interfere with the touch screen.  I had NO bubbles to contend with.  It took about 2 minutes to put it on.  Highly recommend!  I also signed up for the awesome lifetime warranty.  I hope I don't need to use ti!
RN4YK9T1GZGWZ	3	Had one for my 4s and it fit fine. Not sure it is not a knock off Very difficult to get on. Had one for my 4s and it fit fine. Not sure it is not a knock off. Came in a clear plastic bag!
R3IDKWTBPUAONV	5	Five Stars Great case.
R19VDCC7DREF1H	5	Five Stars great product
R38L0XB1733097	5	Five Stars As expected.
R3CBAREL320GCY	5	Five Stars Works very well!
R16PC3K87D71HW	1	One Star item is scratch
R34AGUFS1QNW4R	5	great product I bought these for the wireless feature. They are better than I expected, the sound is excellent and when talking on the phone everyone can hear me fine. I would buy these again
R1HR5Q2FXLMVZP	1	Don't leave unattended during charging I returned this item since it overheated during the initial charging.  I had to use a towel to unplug it. At that time it still wasn't fully charged (not all lights lit.  It was a good thing I didn't just plug it in and leave it unattended.  That said, I would not have left a review if I hadn't gotten several emails from the company begging me to provide a favorable review.
R141RYSQFQYOEP	3	This case is solidly built and all, but it ... This case is solidly built and all, but it is just bulky and the volume buttons are being pressed in it constantly. Also the strap wraps the arm in an awkward way, where there is a space between your arm and the strap in the corners ... I guess it's build for someone with thick arm. It's just OK IMHO.
R3OTEQAHC8CHDH	5	It works good for now It works for the htc tmobile my touch 4g, it works great
R34FGUAA7W9CPM	5	shark skin really works!!! This is a Great cell phone holder. first the most impressive. it actually HOLDS on to a textured dash. if you move it often all it takes is a little water to clean it and make it stick again. it has so few moving parts no gears or flimsy plastic pieces that eventually break with repeated use. it is slightly awkward to put a phone in one handed but can be done with a little practice. one con, its so short that if you keep your phone vertical and not near the edge of your dash getting a power cord in. well worth it.
R14VBEBN0MVCO0	5	Five Stars It was what I expected and as described by the seller
R2BPGMVFBP12RF	5	Five Stars Like it a lot.
R1CXA6ZBTTBVXJ	5	Five Stars It worked great while I had it I recently upgraded to a different phone
R215LHQHA2TLAD	5	Five Stars Great it works perfect
RU52D15B99ERO	5	Five Stars Great
RJ8SC2VH46HA3	5	Five Stars great item at a great proce...
R1B8X9GBESQ2QI	5	Awesome! Awesome product...
ROPLY1YO2ARDL	4	But I can use the cord that came with the phone and it works fine. It does work well with my iPhone 5c, however, because of the phone protector I have, the cord that came with it will not fit into my phone.  But I can use the cord that came with the phone and it works fine.
RT31LF3ICWMNE	5	Highly recommend this product.  It is exceptional. Excellent product.  I am rarely so pleased with electronic cords, but this one is exceptional.
R2LJSXM9AEBOCN	1	One Star Could not get the channels I wanted. Hard to tune.
R1NO6IGQUZBWXJ	1	Don't waste your money if you have a Galaxy Mega 2 it won't fit This case Sucks! !!! The hole for the sound is on the wrong side,  the sound button keeps turning the phone down, the power button turns the phone off and then after it restarts a few times the phone goes in safe mode cause the buttons are in the wrong spot. I had to cut mine with a razor to get it to work.
R18BXO6L6KANRX	4	Love the battery pack Love the battery pack. Anker is absolutely one of the best. It does not come with a charger itself, so you have to use the charged supplied with your phone or tablet. It also didn't come with a cable/adapter to fit the charger I have. Aside from that...no comlaints, just wish it came with these needed accessories.
R2E9Y2YLWU2782	3	The case covers the proximity sensor, so when ending ... The case covers the proximity sensor, so when ending a call, even with the phone away from your face, the screen is blanked.  A bluetooth or wired headphone connection will eliminate that.  But I always don't have one of those with me to use.  I wish I could find a non-rooting way to disable the prox sensor.
RY0GHL18K3EJ5	1	One Star These stopped working just 2 days after I received them. Very displeased.
R2CQX58DQN6GPG	2	Two Stars The pizza decal is bubbling and the pink part broke off on day 1.
R98YY0GA3618X	5	Works great! Solved my recharging issues.  Works great!
R8A3GFECDXGWY	5	Great small charger Nice size and does charge, just not my Samsung S
R3CBFIASG3YQW	5	Good quality Works well on my indoor cycle
RFNVV3VISDTPA	5	Latest a cross county flight Life saver was on a cross country flight 3+ hours and forgot to charge my iPhone before take off.  I was able to plug this in a 5% and it brought it to a full charge and kept it charged until we landed. Holds it internal charge for a good time as well my flight was on a Friday and I charged it the Friday before and was still fully charged.  Highly recommend this goes on all my trips with me now. Will be picking up a second one to keep in my backpack for work.
RGVAFAEENF9F7	4	Four Stars They're gooby
RAJSD9F2LR8R9	3	Consider other options well the case does a good job protecting the phone as its raised on the front side. However, the &#34;carbon fiber&#34; fabric on the back easily starts to tear off. Also, it slips in your hand a bit. I'm now looking for a rubber case because of that and the poor quality of the back.
ROIE5V17E6Z6H	3	Three Stars Already starting to fall apart!!!!!!
R32TWERYE2VUTX	1	One Star Only held battery charge for 40 minutes
R27EW97RV3K41L	5	Five Stars Works great!
R2YETIP5KF7K0U	5	Its good Good Item fits well and is a solid piece
R11LU42K7JRGE4	5	Fantastic value, great for using your phone as a ... Fantastic value, great for using your phone as a GPS or watching movies on your lunch break.  The suction cup has had to be restuck once in the four months that I have owned it, and that was during the hot hot heat of the summer.
R2OYVHT2MHR22P	5	Best IPhone 6 Pluse case I have ever had, period! I Highly recommend this This is the best case that I have ever had for my IPhone period.  The features I like: * The kick stand is a really cool feature, great for watching you tube videos. * The outer edge is made from a rubber like material, making it non slip. * the clip on cover has a velour material that covers the screen further protecting it from scratches. * Lightweight * low profile, easily fits in my front pocket even with the snap on cover.  If you want to protect your phone then you need this case. Just get a third party screen protector and you will be all set.  The only thing that I don't like is the kickstand is a little hard to deploy when you first get it. As you use it more it gets a little easier to extend.
R18FN61SXOE4AP	5	Five Stars it charges fast
R2W02IOH3LHQ02	5	Five Stars works well with my phone
R5EIP0Y7L4BE	1	One Star Not what I exspected
R3C63QJGW45APV	5	Five Stars good
R2RT8JSEA6Q2SN	4	Four Stars So so. Almost a 3 star but it's small and has most of the connections I need.
R3TENASXL1UV3	5	Best phone I've ever owned Best phone I've ever owned. Not the fastest processor ever, not the best looking screen ever, not the best camera ever, but darn does it get good battery life. I can regularly go 48hrs on a single charge. If I start a day at 100%, even using lots of data and navigating with the GPS, I still have 40%+ by the end of the day. It's great. I'll gladly give up some of the fancy features to not ever be tied down to a phone charger again.
R3APIIDOXYG691	5	Five Stars Looks really nice and it also protects my apple.
RGCERAFK3QWGZ	5	Five Stars Terrific!
R31624HNQR58EA	3	Three Stars This case broke within a week.
R1V27IZ5XYPZ4U	1	Broke in 20 days :-/ Order the product on August 11th. The wrist-let strap just broke. Not satisfied with the quality the design and functionality are great though. Definitely prefer function over fashion.
R2I71NFMRN0ATM	1	Ordered this product in purple came on time but the ... Ordered this product in purple came on time but the color purple was not as the picture it was more raspberry  returned  it!!!
R1G8A3CB2ULPLQ	5	Five Stars Good cables
RMDLDVCZNM94P	2	Two Stars One of the pieces was not working at all. I won't buy them again.
RX549KC3F8FHO	2	Not very good Item was not as picture shown the dimensions are off
R31JQTJE8ZFUHS	4	Four Stars Yes it did
R1N73AYI1DBQ6R	5	Love the convenience of the magnet mount. Excellent product. Holds my HTC phone well in both convertible and SUV. No problems with heat or vibration, phone and mount stays in place.
R2GQ32OFGMVW9S	5	These covers are so pretty and affordable you can get several CAN YOU SAY &#34;BLING&#34;?  These covers are so pretty and affordable you can get several!!
R1YD09MIB8OGSZ	5	Five Stars excellent product!
REY8G902IJDCY	5	works great Worked great for me.  Used the suggested library and displayed bmp files from the sd card.  Have not yet tried displaying text.
R3S468ZIVLSR5B	1	Looks like all the reviews EXCEPT the low rated ones are ... Looks like all the reviews EXCEPT the low rated ones are from users the received them for free, hell give me a pair for free and I will review them to. I sure ain't gona buy them...
R2H5SO5M31CD4H	5	Great for Camping / Outdoors Use this during a week in the sierra's at a Summer Camp for a couple of adults who had to try and keep 11 boys organized. Worked great. The rechargeable battery last almost 4 days before having to charge or change to batteries. Like the option to use rechargeable or regular batteries.
R2INO06KP48Q8J	5	Five Stars Perfect replacement thank you
R3BYR0SWGPT8IC	5	Five Stars beautiful
R1WBVONY51JPG6	1	One Star The cables are poorly constructed and fell apart on first use
R8RO7NSD27QY5	5	Five Stars Very Pretty! :)
RMOI6LQG3B0QL	1	Was very upset, I ordered the New Mexico cover ... Was very upset, I ordered the New Mexico cover and in stead I got the Minnesota cover. Have no other complaints  on any other orders.
R1XH14KN0G2N5T	5	Five Stars Easiest screen protector I have ever installed. No bubbles from the start.  Update: After less than one week, protector is chipping and has cracks from bottom corner in to the button. Never seen this before.
R61Y8N4V1NXUV	4	The phone itself is great. The windows operating system is good but doesn't ... The phone itself is great. The windows operating system is good but doesn't have all the apps you might find on android or apple. Most of the popular apps are there, but my schools app isn't available on it.
R33U9DES26JRUO	2	I love the look and how easy it was to put ... I love the look and how easy it was to put on and take off of my phone. I have had this style of case previously. However this one seems SO flimsy that I don't feel like it is protective at all against drops. So I'm using a different one.
R24CW4VZ727M84	5	Five Stars Works really well. I have my Samsung S6 in a otterbox defender case and it charges with no problem.
R2IGYCWHNEN8NX	1	One Star The product arrived broken
R1DY76JHU7GX77	5	Five Stars Good Quality product.
R8AUB8JLR32YA	1	not for iphones it charges it but I need to ... not for iphones  it charges it but I need to still attach my I Phone charger  cord
R2BJ9EUAMBLUKW	5	Five Stars exactly what we needed, received in a timely fashion.
R2F48TK1TNRH7R	5	Easy to apply works well and does the job. Screen protector works well, too. Easy to apply. I have basic experience in applying screen protectors.
R2S986QEY4BMXT	5	Five Stars This is the best cases ever
ROKJ11NAHU54I	4	Four Stars It is what I was looking for with the flexibility and waterproof.
R1FRZ1K2FLX7S9	5	Five Stars excellent
REIE57VGDMXGD	3	Three Stars Keep collecting dust and finger prints but fast  shipping product just ok
R1VRYNRZHJEI3F	5	Five Stars Easy to install, looks great!
R2PBJWMK56LF5E	5	she said it fits fine. and it a good color for my neighbor. she said it fits fine. and it a good color.
R13ACZZQQ1YRRP	5	Five Stars Great product.
R29HTRQJQKQ90	5	Five Stars great one i like it
R1KGISP6DNOHOV	2	Two Stars Lasted 2 months
R3RS71UMUMMFIM	3	Works but disappointing Got the charger about a week or so ago and while it does work I am lucky that i have 2 cigarette lighters  because the chstger does not fit in the outlet specifically made for charging.  Disappointing but works.  Won't be recommending this to anyone
R1JY6I026EAYKJ	3	Three Stars Its good for the price
R2B5C6J0E50UJN	5	Five Stars Very good produt
R2BLZXP2YEEF6K	5	A must for battery draining apps. Finally a charger that can keep up with the power drain of running my navigation software on my iPad Air on the boat. Even when starting with a full charge and charging all day, the iPad would die on a long day. While this doesn't maintain a 100% charge, the loss is minimal.
R2GC4CH8N1FL0S	5	Mostly use it for streaming but call quality is very good as well Works as expected.  I turn car on it turns on and connects to my phone without issue.  Mostly use it for streaming but call quality is very good as well.
R26ZZW129NEN3G	5	great  radio  for great price To me. It's great  hook it  up  the same day. Fast shipping. Great product  all around!
R1YPI5TVA9LPMC	1	Not happy with this product To our surprise, everything what could possibly fall apart, fell apart in less than 3 days. Not happy with this product, we had to throw it away as it was not serving it's purpose and it was not possible to put it together again.
R2GH7XWTCZ0YC1	5	Best case for protection bar none! I bought this case straight from Griffin and I love it and the camo color. I have had Griffin Survivor cases since the IPhone 4 and they just keep improving. No more camera flap on this case. The screen protector on this case is awesome too. It doesn't sacrifice typing like the Otterbein where there is a pocket of air in between the case and the protector so you have to press hard. No air pocket in this case. Just buy it yet u won't be disappointed!
RIBEECHH5W9O8	5	Five Stars I like this phone. My wife, my mom, and I each have one and they suit our needs.
RVSQOACFD24BR	4	It's a pretty decent stick It's a pretty decent stick, the pole could be a bit heavier made, but for under $8, cant beat it.
R2CF4VDSQ670AN	4	comfortable, loads GPS quickly and accurate On the positive:  light weight, comfortable, loads GPS quickly and accurate, battery life as advertised; easy to add aps; syncs well with iPhone.  On the negative:  the screen is dark, so far unable to control the lap times, cannot toggle to watch mode while also in running mode.  Still learning.
R1WAQPMIE85WRU	4	Four Stars Well my daughter like this
R29B1YJCZJOVIT	5	Five Stars works great
R17NLYUXKSQ45U	5	love it. Great cleaner.
R1KEDR8DT7IF6K	5	Five Stars Fits great. Get tons of compliments.
RT2M66EXTF709	5	I was surprised at how now nice the case looks [[VIDEOID:c06d54005ac3a75238af74d8c87477]]I bought this cell phone case Iphone 6 by Collen for my sister because she needed a case that is not too girly. There were many colors to choose from but decided to get the yellow and black. When it arrived, I was surprised at how now nice the case looks. I bought the yellow and black. There are actually two parts for this case. The yellow part is a very bright color which is made from flexible silicone and the black part is removal which is a stand and is made out of plastic.One thing I like about this product is that there is a glass screen protector included with this case. Instead of buying a separate screen protector this you get everything you need in this product. The stand is pretty sturdy, very useful for when watching a video. I had the opportunity to purchase this product at a discounted price in exchange for my own honest opinion and I am glad I did.
R1SZOBM6BK003T	5	Five Stars Clear sound and works great with my phone, laptop and tablet! Love it
R3DXEL2VC06GUH	5	Amazing car mount Amazing car mount. Plenty of way to get it attached to any phone you have. I have a Note 3 and my girlfriend has a iphone 6, works great with both. Suction cup has a strong hold on windshield or dash (tested it on the dash and needed some force to take it off). Metal plate for magnet holder slipped right under my battery cover without any bulging. Great mount for reasonable price. Very satisfied!!****
RKOUZHOVN6JQR	5	Works great as a mini tripod to take photos with and ... Works great as a mini tripod to take photos with and also for a hand held selfi smartphone supporter. It's easy to mount your smartphone to the tripod and once mounted your phone is held in place no matter how much you move the tripod.
R2I18XLAZYZ83B	2	Screen Works, but you need to buy the seal separate. Came with everything except the sticky seal needed to keep the screen in the case (and not dangling out).  I would recommend you find another supplier who included that seal.
R1TP3ARQ2JL80	3	Almost Great? Love the case itself but the clip snapped off within 2 weeks. Now my husband slides it in his pants pocket, he would rather it were attached at his waist. I would expect it from a $10 case, not $26 plus!
RHTZ87FGKT13C	1	One Star chinese crap
RH63G1137VC56	5	Quick charger for multiple devices Awesome product. Very nice and sleek. I usually charge 4 devices at once, two iPhones and two iPads, and it does it with ease. Plus, it has a great warranty.
R2980V45MSD3AR	4	good product it helps me a lot good product it helps me a lot, when i'm driving just put it on my dash and will charge from the sun.
R1LIV4EZ5YOV7N	1	One Star case did not properly fit on one corner and was very loose
R1TCQYEPIRG8EN	5	Five Stars Great cord. Everything I wanted at a great price. Shipping was fast too.
R1ARKQPH7O5PCD	5	As Good As It Gets! :) NewTrent did it again with this case... an instant winner here! Match this with a tempered glass screen protector and everyone will envy you! It you want strength and durability without the bulk get this case... I have been using this same model on my iPhone 5, 6 and 6 plus... I have tried many others and none come close in offering such complete protection in a small form factor and the removal back plates are a nice touch to color match your iPhone. I am even considering pickling up a few as gifts this Christmas as everyone in my family is always complementing my Trentium cases.
R1IUWN385L7OQA	3	Three Stars it's ok
R1W5E67446VUTG	5	... fit perfectly on the LG Utimate 2 and was easy to apply This screen protector fit perfectly on the LG Utimate 2 and was easy to apply.  It definitely protects the screen and keeps it clean and smear proof.
R2VRDWG0V9NQ9Y	5	Five Stars The 1 URPOWER pack that I am using on my one cordless phone that died is working very well.
R29ZVZR2FRJ272	5	Dont hold me tight. Worked great, until I squeezed it a bit to hard to make it adhere to the glue strips. On the next one, I will warm up the adhesive first.
R1VELHMP4OZY0G	5	It is good quality and holding up very well My first case fidnt get delivered  so they sent a new one right away. It is everything i was looking for. It is good quality and holding up very well.
R3JJE8MXILFIQA	3	Three Stars Doesn't stay charged long.
R3MI4UVJMR0OJV	5	Five Stars Does what it says. I keep it on my dash and has not fallen off yet.
R3VUTRUST7HT7V	3	Nice feel, hard application. I like this skin, the matte covering feels nice, and definitely wards off fingerprints. I was using a plastic shell for this before I ordered this skin.  The overall feel is really nice, the material feels different than other stickon skins, way more durable.  My biggest issue with this is application. They give you a small spray bottle of water and a little soap or something, I'm not positive what is in the tube. You spray this on the skin, and then apply this to the product. This allows you to approximate placement and slide things into place to make sure it all gets fit properly.  This is great for the most part, however I am concerned that there are actually small pockets of this liquid trapped under the skin against my product, that will eventually cause damage. They guarantee a perfect application, but I can't tell if the entire product is adhering to the n3DS, or if there are sill small pockets of water under the skin, even if the skin feels defect free. I removed the skin for the inner faces of my 3ds because of this concern, I saw that water was being held in the indentations for the words START and SELECT, and additionally for the other etchings for the volume and 3d slides on the top face. I attempted to use as little spray as needed, but the adhesive is extremely sticky, and the amount of liquid you need to use causes pooling around the edges of the skin pieces, of which I was worried might damage the speakers or run into the device and get behind the screen.  My biggest gripe is about the actual screen protector sections. This could have been done FAR better. See this product: [[ASIN:B00RZ7T8TK HORI Screen Protective Filter for Nintendo NEW 3DS XL]] This product has a very well done application using pull tabs and no water. I had to remove the lower screen protector twice because it shifted and then stuck hard to the screen, and had to pick up a corner with a fingernail to get it to center.  The skin isVERY high quality, but it took so long to apply it, and I had to use water on an electronic device... my device is fine but I really question the design here, if a younger child got this and attempted the application process, would they understand not to drown the device to prevent damage?
R2DSTQXAA8MO0H	4	Four Stars good
R2P1MUUBZWFARW	3	Works ok, but be careful. Works pretty well, but it barely fits a Samsung Note 4 (near impossible with the case on), and it busted my air vent after a couple of weeks.  It might be ok with sturdier air vents, but I'd be careful.  Something spring loaded that grips the sides of the air vent chamber might be a better design.
R10S30ROAXD1CS	4	Four Stars neutral
R24AEHY7TQYLIE	2	The case is fine and the battery last as long as I need ... The case is fine and the battery last as long as I need it. However, the audio jack extender broke within two weeks of purchase and since I listen to music often I am very upset.
RPUQC34C760WM	5	Recommended Buy!!!! When I had read all the mixed reviews, I decided what the hey as this would only set me back a few bucks. I purchased model 088 in red for an upcoming camping trip. When I opened the box, there was the radio, battery, & a small set of instructions on a piece of paper (which is nice, considering that per the reviews, I believe none of them had instructions). I decided not to program the radio channels in the radio, due to reading that once it's programmed, then you can't remove non stations. I also like the fact that the volume was a dial & not buttons, because then I could finely adjust the volume to the desired level.  Overall, I was very pleased with the sound quality & complete play time of the radio. For it being such a small radio (think 2000s cell phone w/ qwerty size), I was impressed overall. The complete play time (with a fully charged battery- which takes approximately 3-4 hrs to fully charge) from start to finish was about 10 hrs. I used a micro sd card to play my music. The only thing is, if you are someone who wants to know what's playing, it only shows the number of the song. So I would recommend either putting different genres on different cards, or making an accompanying song list to reference. When the radio was turned off & turned back on, it picks right up where it was stopped.  The FM radio reception was good & had no issues with it.  Needless to say, the camping trip was more enjoyable with a little music to soundtrack to. I recommend this radio to anyone who is looking for a decent radio at a low cost.
R15ISF1TD74MRV	5	Five Stars Its great
R2SV6YPPJCWGH	5	Just buy it... Perfect!...
R3L8QBQN7WE8V7	3	If you buy a cheap screen the colour balance will not be great. Other than a sepia tone the screen functions ... You get what you pay for. If you buy a cheap screen the colour balance will not be great. Other than a sepia tone the screen functions well. I liked their instructions that they included.
R15YTADM91UA8P	5	Galaxy S4 Case This case was bought as a gift for my brother. I already have the Otter Box.
RW54XV0MEZQRU	2	Two Stars I BOUGHT 3 charger one charger the input not working
R307AS1E2WOCH3	5	Ready to rock Love that this came fully charged!! Perfect size to throw in your purse for those days that you need it in an emergency. Fast delivery- nicely made charger!
R30DGXV3DPSBK4	1	One Star It looked better on the site than in person
RO2ZYAR00IO0	3	Beats nothing, but that's about it. It beats not having a case on your phone but that's about it. The fit is not tight, the stylus that comes with it is very cheap, the screen cover is not good either. I would have asked for a refund id I would have spent any more than 9.99 for it.
RVOW8LATQGZ0X	5	Excellent Case This case is an excellent value. I find I like it better than the Pelican case I am replacing it with.
R1IJVCNQ3Z1CNE	5	Exactly what you need Plugs bend up into the cube, making it a perfect cube. Masterfully simplistic design, hats off to your engineers!
RWXFX462H9XC4	5	I love my speaker and use it with computer and also ... I love my speaker and use it with computer and also to listen to music off my android cell phone and love how it can be set any where in your home and not need to be plugged into computer / phone / power outlet / etc. to use - It comes with usb and aux. cords and to charge it you have two choices : usb on computer or in a usb  phone charger into the wall outlet !
R1KKPGWXVJZQV0	5	Five Stars EXCELLENT SERVICE GREAT
R22XLA6MH26O83	5	Great Product! Fast charging. Works well with my phones and tablets.
R2XZ4210RZH3IV	1	One Star My product stopped working only after 5 weeks . To late to return. :(
RFAON5PBNPZIM	5	Good product, nice range of the Bluetooth. Excellent product, good range, excellent service.
RTKDO82FAUSL4	5	Five Stars EXCELENTE
R1A2FNRL4PJUF7	5	Five Stars Awesome product. Kids in back seat can charge and use your phone!
R32GB5TKVCIC67	5	I love this case I love this case. I collect owls. It is durable. I have drop my phone with no damage. Fast shipping. excellent packaging. I would buy from this seller again.
RN6LY2FZSLTVB	5	Just the right thing So handy for reading with my Galaxy Note 5.. I wanted a small, heavy unit that would not tip with the weight or height of the phone. This fit the bill perfectly. I love it
R3IHWGTST36GRE	5	Five Stars I love it
R2BEC3AHBT9O6I	5	Five Stars Great great great!!!!!
R2XK2GYM87Q2EV	3	Nope... It came well packaged and easy to open. It has a somewhat easy to read manual and you definitely need to read it (more than once). I'm very good with electronics and I've owned quite a few bluetooth headphones but these are difficult to use. It took me a long frustrating time to connect it to my phone. Once connected everything worked like it should. I was looking forward to the camera button feature and it works but I don't think it's worth it after everything else. The earbuds aren't that loud and I don't like the way they look in your ears. These have some nice features and a great bonus headset but I would not recommend these. They're bulky, the charger cover doesn't shut all the way, and they aren't easy to use. All of that together they are not worth the price! The seller is nice and I have no doubt they will refund or replace the item but I feel like I would run into the same problems and it's not worth the time to refund them. I purchased this product at a discount and this is an HONEST review. Please ask me your questions before marking this review unhelpful.
RC8JJ2WAJ16RD	4	Great Bluetooth headphones for the money!!!!! So let me start off by saying these Bluetooth headphones are amazing. I have been using them for a couple of days now and they meet all my expectations. I can barley tell there even there and they are very comfortable. My big thing is that I needed a headphone set that would not fall out my ears and this fit perfect. The sound quality is amazing, it hits the lows, highs, and mids all really well. The only reason I did not give five stars is because sometimes the music cuts out it is not very often though so I can't complain. Overall great product!!
R2PMRLF1IPY1BU	5	Great price and product Worked as advertised, great price arrived on time and no problems. Would recommend
R2P5KXAML0OPC6	2	Two Stars Can't. Get a phone to fit it
R1NPG52ZOPNERM	4	It's super fun I just wish it were more useful and ... It's super fun I just wish it were more useful and protected my phone more. I wish it had bumpers for the screen. I switched this cover out for a two part ultra-protection case and I noticed a dramatic change in protection.
R2YYNLHMAQ1KZB	5	Excellent product Excellent product
R2340D9W7VT2FB	2	Loved it at first... Loved it at first! Recieved my second one from my dad about 4 months later who didn't care for it and got something else.  Less than a year later both are dead...I used these head phones all the time, when i worked out, in the car, around the house. Because i used them so much i was also very careful with them. They both stopped working about 2 months apart. No idea why. the noise cancelation still turns on but the actual bluetooth (headphones) don't turn on. I've tried everything i can think of but no luck. No idea where my dad got his from but i doupt they were from the same batch. I'm really disappointed in these even though i really liked them.  Pros: very comfortable and light weight. Forgot they were even around my neck many times. pretty decent range volume was loud enough all the buttons you would need for calls or music and easy to locate(feel) without much fumbling around  Cons: 2 died in less than a year noise cancelation was barely noticable (never really used it) low battery indicator cut out music when it sounded  Those are my only complaints... would have been a five star if they hadn't died.
RN4Z99LAJICRW	5	Amazing product, review and solution to the necktie breaking Amazing, at first I was a bit skeptical about this case seeing as I would use it with my iPhone 5s but I have no regrets. It worked perfectly, I followed the instructions on the manual and tested it with a piece of paper (it was a success) after the initial test I decided it was trust worthy enough to place my phone inside. It worked just fine in the pool.  I'm some of the reviews I noticed that lots of people had a problem with the cable thing that allows you to place it around your neck. Simple solution to that, just use a key chain instead of the flimsy part on the neck tie (tie the key chain to the main part of the neck tie and not to the detachable part) this will stop it from breaking and even if it does break the keychain will hold it up.  Highly recommended product!
R3I81SCZ0NMG0U	5	works perfect works perfect
R2IO11J74BDA30	1	... every step and this item doesn't work so don't waste your I refuse to give this item a rating I followed every step and this item doesn't work so don't waste your money
R10OB8P2QQ3S1L	5	Five Stars it works very nice with 850 3G
RZ6F95NUN7RLG	3	Three Stars Didn't quiet fit device but at least it has some type of coverage.
R1DTX0SO4X2NY4	1	Save your $$$$ Junk, Beltronics Pro 500 falls offs constantly. Save your $$$$  Going for a mirror mount next.
RQIWNLVS87L7L	5	Best phone case on the market I don't write a lot of reviews, but this case is awesome, so I had to. It actually makes the note 5 more comfortable to hold. It has a nice feel and is well made. Grips the phone tightly, however simple to take off to clean dust and build up under the case. I bought this exact case when I had my S6 edge and it fit awesome on that as well. Don't hesitate, buy this.
R1BZ5GVEAJF7CQ	2	Did not work very well in the back country of Glacier national park. I tried to use this map on a 7 day backpacking trip in Glacier national park. Sometimes the maps didn't work when too close to the Canadian border? I would recommend using a map instead and leaving your GPS at home for back country backpacking in Glacier.
R2E8XE8L8KLP3W	5	Nice product. I love this holding up very well.  Worth every penny.
R1YFO8VUVV2T7J	4	Excellent Elephant I wish it were just a bit wider to cover more, but it shipped quickly,  and is staying on even though my phone goes in and out of my pocket and purse multiple times a day.
R2Z90ZNRLFWZ34	5	Still works great. It's small and fits really well Been using this for a while now.  Still works great.  It's small and fits really well.
R2OR7SV77NK7M5	3	Screen scratched quickly. My previous Lifeproof was in my ... Screen scratched quickly.  My previous Lifeproof was in my pocket all the time and never scratched.  This one has a perm scratch.  Protects from water and sweat, but screen needs to go back to the previous material (I assume they changed it since it reacted so different in this model.)
RQ4WNNSCUTWE4	3	Three Stars works best with iphone not well with our droid though people have a problem hearing us on the droid
R118FA35BY9S79	1	One Star The description of this item was so not true!! It cracked and never even dropped my phone!! False advertisement!!!👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽
R1FHOI6LFWIZGG	1	Unreliable piece of s^&*. Pick a different tracker. Great idea. App works well too. But the band itself is highly unreliable. In the 14 months since purchase, Jawbone has replaced the device four times, and this week's replacement (a new and &#34;improved&#34; version called UP2) has lasted less than two weeks before dying.  It no longer pairs with the iPhone. What a waste of time and also money.
RL98UD8T1S0Q8	4	The rotating center of the cover attachment functions as an excellent finger grip to hold onto the slippery iPad Durable for everyday use by my 7 years old. The rotating center of the cover attachment functions as an excellent finger grip to hold onto the slippery iPad. The cover padding is thick and firm to protect the touch screen from any inadvertent shock. The padded snap-on back cover provides reasonable drop protection to the corners and to the side edges.
R1G8PX10LSF67K	1	Glad I paid $9 for it Did not work. Glad I paid $9 for it.
R213LPIKB9DHF6	5	Holds my Note 4 better than other Magnet mounts. Surface area on this magnet holds my Note 4 perfectly. I bought products like this in the past that couldnt hold my Note 4. I was happy to find that this one did.
RZ0F372ITL9ZI	4	Four Stars Was exactly what I needed and at a good price.
R37P2Q3P36L18F	5	Look no further, best/beefiest cable for the $$ Thick, but EXTREMELY flexible wire.  Has good quality feel.  Superior redesign from their original models.  Also own sevrral Kopi high-current cables (which are also highly recommended), but these are better for the money!
R1EOSFKPA66OFG	5	Five Stars Best case available IMHO.
R332PYVR15GDJH	3	Dry, but not user-friendly. The case was very effective at keeping my phone dry, but I found the plastic casing made it difficult to use the photo functions.  It was very frustrating in that regard as I thought I had taken advantage of many underwater photo opportunities and later discovered I had not!
R2DMHL6A1RUGWQ	5	Five Stars This fits my Droid razr maxx hd like a glove. Thanks..
R21L8FR583W8NV	1	One Star Can't hear on the left ear!
R28AOTC9IFCRI5	1	Had an OtterBox for my S4. After getting the ... Had an OtterBox for my S4.  After getting the S5, I opted to try a new case - mistake.  I had my phone less than a month and my 4 year old dropped it onto the floor.  Hit on the side and the screen got a crack across it.  Obviously, didn't protect from a simple fall.
R30OKQZ82RG00V	5	Five Stars Great quality sound and design!
RH1NS98AX6B6W	5	Five Stars Great product & servicr
R14YMZ2XUTD6WT	2	Two Stars Don't fit well in ears
R3JTD45BO4CEO5	5	Worked out great in a pinch! I traveled overseas to Thailand, and this helped out tremendously on 8 hour tours of the city.
RIL4QYQXLM16H	5	Five Stars It is flexible and brings in good reception
R3RMS6ZXRCVZ47	1	One Star They were not anti-scratch.
R1C2ZTCT1FOYFQ	5	Great for entertaining baby! This was perfect for my 4 month old to stay occupied during our road trip! It was a life saver!
R1JSVTVXNXKQZR	5	Five Stars I love this soooooo much!
R186GRC599G6S4	2	but the color is a perfect match. Didn't work for me , but the color is a perfect match.
RJEFWS4FO9XGX	5	Five Stars good
R2N0315YOI3AH4	5	... them for my 67 hear old mom & they're great. She loves them I bought them for my 67 hear old mom & they're great. She loves them.
R10QHGMKZJ6KUE	5	Five Stars Thanks, can't wait to try them!
R1OFZX75VBSVJQ	5	Nice product Very nice product very good quality love it I recommend it
R1PKUOT2M2ECXJ	5	Perfect. Fits perfectly on my phone.  Looks and feels great.. Does not diminish any visuals.
R5DBO6IQBWMB7	5	Really nice equipment Nice radio, perfect size, works well, programing requires some research if you haven't done it before,  I spent 2 hrs to get my windows based  computer system de virused , then about 30 min trying to figure out how to make windows let me down load the required programing software, then I looked at videos on you tube and was programing these baby's Likity split,  always get the proper cable from milklor, do not get the cheep cable seen on a-z,  etc.  the program you need is called chirp and you will need the daily build,  I'm using these for simplex in wilderness areas and to monitor co fire and rescue, and of course noaa weather. These  radios have the solid feel of professional equipment, some people complained about the chargers but mine worked perfectly, may be a upgrade.
R35AA75MVHEIED	5	Works great.. The app i have on my phone ... Works great.. The app i have on my phone lets me see what is going  on with my truck real time.
R271R356HAFBUB	5	Five Stars Love it works great haven't had any trouble with it
RVBKL6LSMGETQ	5	Adorable. My son bought this Adorable. My son bought this. It is so cute. However, since purchasing it a girl borrowed it and we haven;t seen it since. Ha, I guess she thought it was cute too.
R23VRI3BKDEKVE	5	Five Stars I love them, thanks so much!
R23OJERK91CP8Y	5	Great product. My second product from anker. Works real well. Had an issue with one of the ports but it turned out my cord needed to be replaced. Customer service was polite and quick to respond. No complaints here. Great product.
R11H1AP3XVS1D8	1	Kinda disappointed in this I don't know if it's a defect with mine, or what.  I received this ask week. Just opened it now. The lighting cable doesn't stay in the actual port.  I have 4 cables. None stay plugged in. So rare third party, some are Apple certified.  My car has a lighting cable port. Doesn't stay plugged in there either.  Another downside. When I turn the battery on. My service cuts out. From full, to no service. Kinda disappointed in this.
R3LJFBM4S5YTHJ	3	Three Stars Works great when it works but constantly having to reset it to keep a signal.
RTSJMZEC035JU	5	Five Stars Great simple, flexible, inexpensive shell case.
R34DNO8GWGH7PT	5	feels really good, and the phone still feels slim Fits perfectly, feels really good, and the phone still feels slim. I would buy this item again.
RQ7COAWD3FHUC	5	Five Stars Saved my phone
R3AJC40OMIH9MI	4	would be nice if there was a secure loop to run a ... would be nice if there was a secure loop to run a strap through, however the quality is good and the fit is snug.
R31NF76683KZKW	1	Covered up the half the "Home" button Glass covered up the half the &#34;Home&#34; button. Did not match the phone at all.  ordered it right with the  case not sure how I ended up with the wrong one. Looked like heavy duty, but couldnt use it.
R2KILLN3VD5RQP	1	Waste of Money I bought one for my Nikon d7200.  The glass was warped so there was a 3/4&#34; portion on one edge that would not lie down enough to seal to the screen.  (The glass was also a smidgen too small.)
R12DZ855BQWIV4	4	Terrific Little Cable That Matches My iPhone. (silly reason, I know) I recently bought a refurbished iPhone, which came without a charging cable. I got this one to use instead. I have to say that I am thoroughly happy with the cord. It fits the slot perfectly. I can &#34;find&#34; the phone by pulling on the cord, which I do as little as possible because I'm sure it's not great for the cord and/or the phone. The phone charges in just about the same amount of time as my daughter's iPhone, which came with the original manufacturer cable. The last reason why I am so happy over a simple cord is that it is the exact same color as my phone. I know that's a silly reason, but I have several items charging from that outlet, and having them color-coded makes life just a little easier.  For those reasons, plus the fact that I see my little iPhone and its matching cable and it makes me smile, I give this five stars.
R3S2NAH01M434T	1	One Star loose case on iphone 5c . not snug. not going to risk it. will be returning
R2GUQ0XUN0OKK6	3	Nice phone for being used Its a nice phone just a little to many scratches and scuffs to my liking. But thats me
RO1LFQE9K24ZY	3	Fair, simple case for something basic and thin. Case fits like a glove which is good.  Buttons are okay to press, I'd give them a B- but im picky.  Really the two big things that bother me are the fact that theres a weird little jagged edge right at the micro USB port that rubs my pinky when I hold it and its annoying; and when I take the case off, 90% of the time it removes the back of the phone, too, which is also super annoying and i always feel like its gonna break.  Case is pretty slim and sleek providing little to no shock protection but good otherwise.
R1FQKY05SX49EX	4	I've ordered several of these cases in different colors for multiple phones and I love the kickstand function This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.  I've ordered several of these cases in different colors for multiple phones and I love the kickstand function. I ordered this one to keep at work so I can see the notification light while working without keeping the volume up. I like to use other cases that don't have a kickstand, so I'll be able to snap this on at work and change back to my other case for the rest of the time. I was a little disappointed that they charged $5 for shipping, when the case didn't even cost me that much. That being said, even though it wasn't sent to me from Amazon/Prime, I did receive the case extremely quickly.
RO7RS9Z6LKI3E	4	Same as the others- These are honestly cheaper elsewhere with free shipping. We chose to buy these ones (I bought 3 different colors) because they looked like deeper colors, not so bright neon. Unfortunately that's just the picture used. They are just as bright neon as most, somewhat disappointing. The covers fit great, shipping was a little slower than most.
R1NDE19QJ6S0WP	4	Four Stars My reliable travel companion
R15MW1L43I397E	5	Five Stars useful accessroy in my car
R34VUOJAB709R5	1	Junk I rarely give bad reviews but I'm furious. I have iPhone 5s and this doesn't fit properly ! There are gaps on the corners and nod the home button doesn't work! My friend works at Apple and he does phone screens all day so it's not something he did. Do not buy this junk.
R2PGZIFUTV5C1Z	5	Great case, nice look and feel! Love this case!  I was looking to replace my wallet, as I hate carrying both in my line of work.  This case did the trick.  I carry 2 credit cards, my ID, some cash, and my phone.  All my rewards cards, etc. have been replaced by Android apps on my phone.  Convenient!  Love the magnetic strap that keeps it closed.  Seems like this case will last for a while.  Makes the phone significantly thicker when placing calls and having to hold to your ear, but if you use BT headset or speakerphone, it's not an issue at all. Even still, I have made many calls with it being in the case.
R241DQP2HEZ5UY	5	it fits like a glove and protects the iPod Even though it's rubber and flexible, it fits like a glove and protects the iPod!
RUCGIY5NH8XYR	3	Three Stars I wish the tails would stay on better
R3LBHYYVY7485M	4	I mainly use it to listen to music while at work and it's great for that This lil bluetooth was everything that I expected it to be.  It works well and paired quickly with my Galaxy Note 4. I mainly use it to listen to music while at work and it's great for that.  Battery life is about 2 hours and it recharges really quickly.  Call quality isn't great  but tolerable for short periods of time.  Bottom line this device is well worth the money.
R2CWVV1UNUD60Q	5	Five Stars Product works great. Just as promised.
RPFH8QOU51QJI	5	looks very nice and is proving to be durable Phone case was packaged well, looks very nice and is proving to be durable. Great purchase
R3T56MMDXW1OQ6	5	... on my s6 right now it has a very nice feel great texture not cheaply made Have this case on my s6 right now it has a very nice feel great texture not cheaply made! ♡♡ Love it
R264B5JTKEWB9Q	5	Five Stars Works perfect
R1Q9P2H6TYGAEY	5	Very cute and sturdy. Great protection for her phone Daughter loves it!!! Very cute and sturdy. Great protection for her phone.
R2R5LCCT7ORS5X	5	Great case Love this case. The fit is perfect and the back doesn't seem to scratch easily. The front lip keeps the screen off of whatever you place it on so you don't have to worry about taking advantage of the edge lighting. Easy to put on and remove, overall great case.
RZCICYHICQ2ZJ	3	Nue Design Fits the iPhone 5/5s perfectly, but for some reason there's a small defect on the corner of mines. It caused a small air bubble/pocket to form. I cleaned my hands and applied the screen protector in a dust-free environment but it still happened.
R2ZEHMHIJ8GXFD	5	Five Stars Easy to put on. I like the look. Very sturdy
R39TX1LDTOCUVA	5	Great! The quality is solid. Comes with a micro usb cables. Great!
RHNC01XUGERD1	4	Four Stars It is a good product
RWT70QQDZGF2H	5	My next one will be just like this one Got this as a present for my mom and she loves it! The soft rubber lining cushions the ipod while the hard case protects it from damage. It does not cover the screen but stays securely in place around the front border. Mine is different and only soft rubber and it slips off all the time. My next one will be just like this one! The color and print are still intact 3 months later. The holes line up perfectly with the usb port, ear bud port etc... It covers the volume buttons on the side with soft rubber so you can still easily press them without getting dirt in them. Overall its great! Mom did say it took a little work to put it on the ipod but she got it just fine. Great, cheap, pretty, durable ipod case!
RS6D7FXZN4EPS	1	Cheap Cheap quality and does not fit phone.
RGHY78Q4NUP58	4	High Quality look, Low Price Very heavy, nice pen, I like the laser pointer, the actual pen is not very high quality but looks nicer than a plastic pen without the high price. Perfect for business
R2RMHYXVPNEXBI	5	Five Stars Excellent Thank You..
R2RU9DV4YT7SMH	1	One Star Cracked in a week.
RJSD628QEN4P7	5	Great product Fast shipping. Exactly as described.
R1UVHCGDIK5YF6	5	These headphones sounds great and don't fall out while at the gym These headphones sounds great and don't fall out while at the gym. I have to use the medium size rubber inserts while my girlfriend used the smallest size. (The biggest size were too big.) My girlfriend loves the color. They are study since they are constructed mostly out of metal. The headphones themselves are on the larger side, they stick out of your ear a little. I suppose if you had very small ears it might look a bit weird, other than that I really like them.  I received this product at a discount in exchange for a fair and honest review.
R29WY68D9PY2OV	5	Five Stars Purchased three for my kids.
RFJ7ZV3LGY315	5	Great little speaker Wonderful little speaker. I bought it for my wife's office and it is perfect. Easy set up and there have been no issues. Probably wouldn't use it as large room speaker but that is not what it's designed for.
R30NKE40S6ZVCX	5	Five Stars Very happy with my selfie stick. Came on time and is perfect for my vacations!
RH2ZB3VTIVFCM	1	One Star it didn't fit my phone
R2GUXPEBKA2ORU	5	Five Stars excellent
R27LDINIIXL2BU	5	Five Stars For this great product I received an amazing promo code and all I did was write an review
R2WWBFJZ4BO8QJ	5	love love
RD197K6PEK4BX	5	Five Stars Love it!!
R104VLO6TA6IQP	5	... is exactly what I was looking for - A nice thin case that fits the iPhone perfectly This is exactly what I was looking for - A nice thin case that fits the iPhone perfectly.  My only complaint is that after about 4 months, it started to yellow a little - I loved how crystal clear it was at the start.  But at this price, I just purchased another and tossed the yellowed one out.  Perfect!
R1WMM4O8AKZND1	4	Four Stars Good product, but sweating like crazy over the ears when working out,
R78QJCNC4K1V2	5	the inventor of all kinds of cool products, can't seem to make a power cord ... I'm one of millions of people that constantly wonder why Apple, the inventor of all kinds of cool products, can't seem to make a power cord capable of lasting more than a few months.  Shame on you, Apple, because you could do better but you can't or won't.  Now enter the Anker cord.  I originally bought another cord on Amazon which was a few dollars less.  Needless to say that cord barely worked at first and quickly died completely.  I then found Anker and have been very happy for the 3 weeks I've had it.  Materials, design and quality all seem good.  Good value and product...  They could teach Apple a few things, I think!
R25AEMLIHY7VGP	2	Not recommended.. Cheaply made... fragile not study. You get what you pay for. Not recommended.....
R32BI4XDHB6KZN	5	Five Stars Better than OEM.
R24VZFB0NMXS1F	5	Five Stars Good
R21GH4PO9QAVOZ	5	Five Stars Great
RP16195V3RRNV	5	Five Stars Fits perfect. Fast shipping
R2GPYG05D76D1P	5	Five Stars Amazing phone!
R3P1A1ECHC80IR	2	Two Stars They worked for about a week.
R25R5NMEP38KUS	5	stays on the phone great. Quick delivery, stays on the phone great.
R3CC634B8F7T7T	5	Five Stars Great product.
R3FI7B322WZ52H	2	Not Good I bought this mounting bracket for my Escort Passport 9500ix. It doesn't slide in smoothly into the radar, so every time I put in or take out my radar detector, it gives some trouble. Also the bracket looks like it's been painted recently, like it was a used bracket. Definitely not a recommendable OEM replacement mount. Still I manage to use it. At least it hasn't fallen off the windshield. I do sometimes have to press firmly against the suction cups because they loose some suction.
RQSX1L8CEQT8P	5	Great protection for my phone Great protection for my phone. Ive dropped it a few times especially when getting out of my car, and still good. Easy to clean too.
RD5G61JJQE99V	5	Five Stars keeps the fone screen safe that's for sure ,,
R3NSIAYLDTHA8C	5	Great cover for google nexus 5 A little hard to figure out how to put on the phone at first and really hard to get the phone out of the case once snapped in.  However, I have dropped my phone a few times (short distance) and the case and phone are just fine.
R1XT0Y7BR4DKYP	5	Five Stars Really cute!
R1V6MFM9V1P2YX	5	Five Stars Nice perfect to use
R3GTL261VZMT6I	4	once cooled off it works great. Would be five stars but when it gets hot it does stop working, once cooled off it works great.
RGR4SPEH03O6	1	Lightning end came off and stuck in my iPad Cheap and flimsy. Lightning end came off and stuck in my iPad, had to use tweezers to get it out.  Will never buy this brand again.
R3KRSXS9XMBCHR	5	Five Stars Excellent Thank You..
R165NOGX13DO3D	5	Worked Great! Worked as described at the waterpark.  We used them just yesterday and all phones were completely safe and the camera worked great too.
R1ZEQ6RT8SOZSX	5	Nice Nicely made product, but a little small on the arm for my liking.
R3FZAZEVC59DKA	5	A must charger for your iPhone and iPad Shipped quickly, very good quality.  Extra long cord makes it easy to use my device while it's charging.  My charging time is shortened a lot!  Highly recommend!!!
R2CR75GWLHM4I1	3	Its good I like it, but def not as sturdy as my old case. But its fine. Only thing i really don't like is the stand part. Pia. You could break a nail getting it open,  i have fake nails, so its hard to get too. Sorry no one is going to carry around the guitar pic it came with.
R2QTUEV26X9GF1	2	Not a great fit with the iphone 6 This came with the stem mount for the RAM Mount I got for my motorcycle.  While the mounting system from RAM Mounts is fantastic, this particular cell phone holder is a no go with the Iphone 6. It hits the volume or close button when in the proper position.  It also has a wobble/rotation while in motion to the left and right.  What I did to make it work was to purchase the QUAD LOCK system (universal mount with adhesive backing) and remove the arms and spring on this mount. I then stuck the QUAD LOCK onto it, and now I have a secure mount which fits onto my motorcycle, and I have purchased a Quad Lock for my car as well. Now it works fine.  RAM has much better and more secure mounting solutions that are phone or device specific I suggest using those.
R33IFLLUT60JUA	2	Two Stars Good protection for the phone, But too big for a small person.
R3W4UJ7VIWQIG	3	Good case,  but paint chips too quickly. After having this case for a few months,  the paint is chipping all over. I do like the case.  It isn't too bulky,  and I feel like my phone is protected.  I wouldn't buy another one.
RSIUFE6CHBH4W	5	Five Stars My son loves these
RMENP8W77ZTAS	1	Horrible The add said of high quality and said it would incudle all mounting parts. I'm high dissatisfied
R1X21X55TM8VRY	3	Three Stars Nice cover for the back but doesn't do anything to protect the front.
RXG6C8MM2GSQH	5	this glass cover is is great, it fits perfect and was a great buy this glass cover is is great, it fits perfect and was a great buy.  mine went on as easy as you could expect.  the dealer got right out super fast.  I recommend this product and the dealer.
R2EGOEAZPVANZ0	5	elegant design [[VIDEOID:fcf2bdb3f1d37e2781470efc47fde6cc]]What a great leather wallet styled case! It looks slim like a wallet style. I easily inserted the phone into the case without a problem. On the left flap, there are pockets to hold my driver license, credit card as well as some cash. I can also use the case to stand my iPhone6. It is a quick and easy way to watch movie or do video chat.  It looks great. My iphon6 is hidden well inside the case. Very cool!
R2U7VIMDDIYP1B	5	Five Stars Love the case and the color match is perfect
R1Y8MXHQ7HROPF	2	Two Stars The sides to do close securely and pieces broke off after having it only 2 weeks.
R1IR0Q3H7CUIC8	5	Five Stars Work great with the GPS on the bike and I would definitely buy from this company again
R2GTTTSDHHIMW8	5	Five Stars Excellent product
R22B5ALDGEP0HP	5	it was the perfect length! It was exactly what I needed it to do! Be mobile and charge my phone at the same time! For me, it was the perfect length!
R3SHZOF4X7M2VO	5	Awesome job and thank you I received the book within 2 days, about 5 days earlier as estimated by shipper. Awesome job and thank you!!! Gleim is one of the best study guides and test-prep on the market, at least in my eyes. I used Gleim 15 years ago for my PPL  and I bought this book to study for my up coming review, to brush up on new and updated information on the ground and in the air.
R1610PGTJS7G3N	2	Pretty dissapointed I was hoping for a dashcam that I could hide on my windshield, and have it record while the car was moving, hopefully saving me some grief and providing law enforcement with any evidence necessary should the time arise.  Perhaps there is something wrong with my dashcam, but this really is not realistic for a number of reasons:  1) the battery life is atrocious. Seriously, I would be surprised if this lasted for longer than an hour on a single charge. The 10 minute car ride to the store was enough to take out one of the three battery bars. This means that the dashcam needs to ALWAYS be plugged into the car charger. Even then, the rate of battery depletion is greater than the rate of charging. This results in tiny little recording loops, about 12-25 seconds each when the camera is on and plugged in. 2) One of the advertising points for this camera is the motion detector. I'm not actually sure if this works. While the camera does record when the car moves, again, the length of the looped segments seem compltely arbitraty, even at &#34;full&#34; charge. Is this because I was on the highway and there were few bumps in the road? What makes this even more aggravating is that the menu button doubles as an &#34;SOS&#34; button which will seemingly permanently record any recording that you made when you hit the SOS button. So while I am trying to reconfigure the settings so that the recording loop is longer, and so that more battery power is conserved, I inadvertently hit the SOS button. I now have at least 30 one seconds clips of my lap as a result of me trying to rework the settings, which brings me to my next point: 3) There aren't any instructions. Okay, that's not true. You get a bilingual sheet that does not help at all. For example, under the system settings section we have: &#34;5. Automatic video: Off/on&#34; What does that mean? Is that the automatic recording that I want? Is that to turn off the screen when the camera is rolling??  There are other problems as well, such as the the date resetting itself. However, the main problem here is that I really can't depend on this camera is catch an accident.> There are other problems as well, such as the the date resetting itself. However, the main problem here is that I really can't depend on this camera is catch an accident.
R2EOE6GVZ7YI6H	5	Five Stars Perfect!
R28EI9I1T02CBL	5	great item Item was as expected and fast shipping
R5VKAHZUK4PG9	4	Love it! I live this tempered glass. Totally have my phone from damage!  Love it
R2FXSOCQ2MY3LR	5	Very easy to use and very comfortable Very easy to use and very comfortable. Use it with Bluetooth earbuds which makes it even easier to use. I would highly recommend this brand to anyone!
RJO1WXN4O0KQP	1	the bolt is not glued to the plastic, so ... the bolt is not glued to the plastic, so the hold is wably/loose. i've owned one of these before. this one is clearly damaged.
R1AYX8FDM99MH0	5	Five Stars Works great. Fast shipping.
RGABTNTA0D4Z8	2	Eight hours charge Disappointing. Brand new they last maybe eight hours. Admittedly i am on the phone a lot but the Samsung batteries lasted at least 24 hours when new. Ya get what you pay for.
R9TA3757NAIDR	5	Five Stars Stays put beautifully. A great way to safely hold your cell phone.
R2JH7U8GCH9TG5	5	Five Stars Product is very good and satisfactory.  This seller's items are always welcome.
R1D69MJ9LSAUU6	5	Love the cover and the fact that it has a ... Love the cover and the fact that it has a magnetic closure. Seems to hold up to wear and tear.
R3KH65FST74LCX	4	good case I got this for my mother and it's perfect it fits well and the pocket doesn't stretch and get loose like others it's just perfect for my mother
R33A7MHXW7WYMG	3	Nice but broke in 4 days It's a really cool case. I get compliments on it, but the two thin pieces by the lock and volume buttons broke within 4 days of normal use. Not too happy about that.
R3OSN2NR7G3FYW	2	Had it for a week before it broke. There ... Had it for a week before it broke. There is a screw that holds the ball hinge to the strap.The ball hinge then is connected to the main part of the mount that holds the ipad. I had it mounted on the handlebars of my spin bike. When I moved my spin bike, I bumped the mount just slightly and that plastic surrounding the screw snapped.  Returning the product and will look for other options.
R2R417DG3QFVH3	5	Just peefect Perfect to take on a road trip
R2Y1BCX7MEPRNK	5	If your thinking about switching from plastic to glass screen protectors, DO IT NOW. I was a little worried about the installation of the glass screen protector, this is my first one. Actually seemed quite a bit easier than the plastic ones I'm used to installing and it feels phenomenal to the touch, so much better than plastic.
R3OCGSCTMTQWJL	5	Great charger! been using this charger in my car for a month now.  I constantly charge a galaxy s6 using gps, an iphone6, a Bluetooth streaming device, and sometimes an iPad. The unit performs perfectly!  I also bought anker 6ft usb to hide my cables. Again anker comes though
R121F5RMYENVLZ	3	Three Stars Nothing special, average quality, normal functionality.
R3KKTC10I9MERS	2	Disaapointing Great at first but didn't take long for the rubber to come that holds the phone in the clamps
R3PFGU7FUW5L8W	5	Five Stars Great Case for the price!!!
R3LV51JBJMSU6F	4	Four Stars The iPhone 4s products come just as described,thank you!
R2KN99J13T7S4H	5	Mostly they don't work I had so hoped these would be great, but they weren't.  Out of five I had two that worked occasionally.  You would plug it in it would say it was charging, look at it five minutes later and it would say not charging. Kept trying them for a few days, but pattern continued. Finally gave up and bought some cords that aren't  pretty, but they do work.
R1YFS270CZIFPF	1	Sticker ruins screen protector These fit fine, and we were able to finally get all the bubbles out, however, there's a sticker on the front of the screen protector and when you peel it off, it leaves sticky residue that we tried really hard to get off. We tried 3 protectors and over an hour of trying to clean it off but it was still sticky and discolored in those areas. We ended up having to peel the covers off so it was a waste of money. The product was cheap but I wish we hadn't wasted multiple dollars on shipping for something so useless.
RMVSH9HNT8KUL	5	works perfect works perfect
RRVCGUBUG3B4F	3	Okay, protects the phone well. Feels like my phone is truly protected in this case.  Unfortunately, the stand seems poorly designed and broke the first day I had it, causing it to no longer stay folded into place.  It still functions as a stand when I need it, but I have just taken the stand off due to the inconvenience it causes by not staying put away.
R3N6X21NIV93GE	2	Two Stars Bad material!
R1WHVJAYKVIVSL	4	mi gusta Not too shabby.
R15Q5RZ7HVJH69	5	Five Stars Excellent quality and very fast shipping thank you.
R227A0YZCRA4Y9	5	Perfect, not too long Perfect, not too long, not too short. The suction works as advertised. The bottom fold out piece is not even necessary, as the clamps hold my LG G3 just fine as is. And I see that as a plus, because otherwise I'd have to fiddle with the charger cord a little since the charging port is on the bottom. Though there is an opening in the bottom piece, so a cord can go through it.
R21POP4FRXLV8F	3	Three Stars It was a great cover, but got dirty looking rather quick.
R1NFGLJDHRBLDV	1	Don't buy! very uncomfortable and people have a hard time hearing you. Would never buy this again. Save your money for some LG pros that you wear around your neck. Those are awesome!
RFOJ43T1CX2GB	1	One Star The product was broken after a week of use!
R2QCYH8KPNEATP	5	Five Stars great product!
R2K6C1800HY9XW	4	Good for the price. While it adds a bit of bulk to the grip of the phone, it certainly does what it was intended to do: protect the device when dropped.
R3IFXX1F4LB7G6	5	Great coverage for the phone Never had a waterproof case.  Taking a little bit to get used to.  Great coverage for the phone.  My only complaint is I thought there would be more grip on the sides.
RM6O3ZSWPY8TR	4	Makes the cell phone look bulkier It makes the cell phone more bigger in all dimensions. And does not sport a stand at the back. If you keep aside these, in my account, drawbacks the case is a good protection and serves the purpose.
RTUTVU6M4OELM	5	Love it Good timing and great quality
R33P4S4G6937ZY	5	Five Stars Super sturdy. Has a screen protector built in. Plugs the charge and ear bud holes
ROY6LZ49UN3NH	3	Three Stars Not bad
R2ZKUPD4WHXLZJ	5	Works perfect This works perfect with both my Nokia Lumia and my wife's Samsung Note 5. So I bought another and it also works perfect.
RXPTIZBKHNWAX	5	Great for making quick runs to the store Very nice quality, slim profile phone wallet.  Great to carry with you when you need to make a quick run to pick up the kids or go to the grocery store.  Description is very accurate.  Fits I-Phone 6 perfectly.  Can easily hold two credit cards, driver's license, and dollar bills.  The wrist lanyard is an added plus.  Case appears to adequately protect I-Phone. Love the magnetic closure securing contents inside. I am definitely pleased with this item.  I purchased this item at a discount in exchange for an honest review.
R1MNDGJ5C0MKUC	1	The phone was damaged, although advertised as "In mint ... The phone was damaged, although advertised as &#34;In mint condition&#34;. The sound up and down button did not work,and the phone does not show how much charge there is, dies without warning. I paid premium for this piece of junk, was not returnable because I had opened it and by the time, my son , for whom I bought it became aware of the problems, it was over a month.
R2F5BINIDMNNA	4	my phone charges great and it was a very easy install Had an issue with my first shipped item and messaged the sender. With no hesitation they sent me a replacement and it works perfectly, my phone charges great and it was a very easy install. Highly suggest buying this product!
R68FNTJQLJLX0	4	Four Stars Works Well.
R3EC8YBSYG61HR	4	Four Stars Perfect!
R1YYG3P2RETGOU	5	Great Value - Great Service Love this case.  It was just what I was looking for and much less expensive than the Sprint store...about 1/4 the cost!
R32CBTRNF6CYBV	5	Five Stars Amazing
R1Q8JUMOCOJ60Z	5	Great Product First screen protector that I've brought and put on myself. Delivery was fast and the product was packaged well. The screen protector came with instructions and it was simple to apply to my new Note 5.
R2AHJJ9R83P8V4	3	Product can be designed better, but it works This product is a bit complicated to open, and close everytime I use it. The face piece and bottom plate snap together unlike the previous one I had that slide together and snap in the middle. I wish I knew that before I purchased. The usage of this product is simple, and it works however I expected more for the price I paid. It sometimes makes a loud buzzing noise, and the speakers are muffled because of the case. Product can be designed better, but it works.
R1OXEYXMO6XN3	1	Does not work with Doro 410 This was advertised to operate with a Doro 410 phone. The plug does not fit. Also the picture shown here is not what I ordered or received.
R13T03HO5Y7JJM	4	Four Stars good case overall
R3BTZAESC3TWCA	1	One Star Got it in the mail and won't charge my phone
R2PNSPNMCDN5RV	5	AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!! Great product with amazing customer service.Will continue to buy  Anker products.
R2EU6KRSGYM74D	5	They seem better constructed then the actual apple cord and because they ... These cords are very durable feeling. They seem better constructed then the actual apple cord and because they are certified I do not get an annoying message when plugging in. Bought these to replace my APPLE product cords that didn't even last a year.
R1KWFB6651HB6N	5	... this for my son and he says it works great. I also bought one for my granddaughter and ... I bought this for my son and he says it works great. I also bought one for my granddaughter and she loves hers too. She made a point to tell me about taking it on a trip with her where she knew she wouldn't be able to charge her phone.
R363V4LD1FZ996	5	Five Stars best
R32NP9QRT776UM	4	Four Stars good phone
RPQLQGE6EIE26	3	at one point I felt like I was going to break it A lot larger than I was expecting. hard to close the case, at one point I felt like I was going to break it.
R1XY2MJ1NXPK15	5	great Working as advertised, great buy
R29I9EVJTHLR1V	5	Worth it Nice cover
R2Z4PW0XL3AP27	3	Awkward and weakening. Didn't consider how awkward it would be to use the camera and landscape mode with it. And now the &#34;hinge&#34; is getting weak and thin. I think it will start to tear soon. Otherwise I like the case, works and looks cool.
R8P7JIQ8BJFRL	5	Five Stars I bought it for my husband and he loves it!
R2VIHIX4NCJ8R9	2	Two Stars Had it for 4 months and it is now broken. Has not been misused. Shoddy product. Not worth any money
R3IN38B18H6FDX	1	One Star Bought 2 and they both failed after 4 months.
R360BNYS95QFN7	1	If you want to cut down on your mobile phone usage, this is the phone for you. If you want to cut down on your mobile phone usage, this is the phone for you.  Set up is simple - but make sure not to slip into accessibility mode or all the buttons become unresponsive.  The menu (needed to undo this) is cleverly hidden (hold down the bottom right button for long enough - but you may find this tricky in accessibility mode).  In this mode the phone can also lock you out completely with the easy solution of a hard reset - make sure to delete the backup of everything you have managed to install before doing that.  Switching between 4G and 3G networks is not a problem (the phone seems to have trouble doing this on its own) - just go 3 levels down into that hidden menu and change from CDMA / LTE mode to CDMA mode (you knew what those stood for didn't you?).  Then there is the the way they have pre-installed a bunch of apps you do not want and made them hard to remove.  This ensures that you have at least space for 4 medium sized apps that you do want.  Add to this that within weeks this phone got stuck in headphone mode.  What a great (if expensive) paper weight this phone makes.
R11ARVH5R91LYW	4	Adorable Two cute pink elephant bookends. Great for a child's room and look better than the generic black metal bookends that can be purchased anywhere.  I gave the product 4 stars because it wasn't wrapped that well for shipping and the bookends were bent slightly inwards. I gently bent them to a 90 degree angle without any damage. Expect shipping to take 2-3 weeks as they product comes directly from China.
R2UH3TSN8VSSIU	3	Works great for iphone 5s Works great for iphone 5s. Clip is very difficult to open for any phone thats a bit larger (galaxy s5 or even iphone 6)
R1BIHKE6CRAL6X	5	Great product, protects phone well I received a product discount for a fair review.  Great product, protects phone well!
R1VE5E8DR29D62	2	not what i expected Barely fits the phone, seems to loose. The stylus is hard to get at and for most audio jack applications the case needs to be removed.
R2CG58XV3F8PCJ	5	Five Stars Phone fits perfectly and it's really nice having my Drivers Licenses and Debit card with me at all times!
R33OWTM4QDHP9U	4	Loved the color Affordable price. Comfy. This is my second pair. Loved the color. This time I received a discount for reviewing the product. However, it is a well deserved review.
R2VB4WAQGSHPHJ	5	Five Stars I am very satisfied with my order. Nice case for my tablet.
R293KOR8UU035W	3	Kaput Worked great at first but both of these cords are now kaput with normal use.
RW04TP1GZ6F37	2	turning the pot screw did nothing...a dud, but the ratings suggest a higher quality control than other brands.. well i give a poor rating just because it did not adjust the output voltage at all... turning the pot screw
R3AB715W46UH5R	5	Five Stars My daughter loved it and received many compliments. Product is made well for the price!
R1FH8JHGG3AZCC	5	Five Stars Nice clean eazy to read, able to hear, good clear volume.
RCB0CVWCH514J	5	Five Stars Good for the price/minutes
R3A23AN09DZDR2	5	Five Stars Excellent
R2VV82U34SB2SA	5	Five Stars I love it
R346X4LMI8YCC6	5	Excellent Found it to be just what I wanted...comfortable, easy to put on, grips well, and kept my phone sweat-free.
RQC1URTS7C6FC	5	Nice case. Got this for my son's phone.  The design print is good, and the case is well made.  Warning: once the case goes on, it does not come off easily.  This is good, as it means that it should stay attached during a drop to the ground.  We did have to trip some of the plastic away from the inner edge of the screen side as it was pressing on his glass screen protector and causing it to lift.  Simple fix, and won't be an issue if you don't have a glass screen protector.
R3PP3MCX5ESEDV	5	Five Stars excellent product only bad thing is the camera resolution
R17P91ALZSSNNA	5	Holds Strong and Securely Holds strong on the dash, and shows no signs of coming off when hitting bumps in the road. I've been using this for over a year now and it works as intended. Great to be able to adjust the view in both portrait and landscape mode when using the phone for navigation.  Great product. Ships fast and works as intended. 5 stars.
R3O02DWFL19357	1	One Star Not original...it's a copy
R7560P70AQ7R2	5	Great! Please with the product.  Dropped the phone a few times and it has withheld the drop and kick test.  Great!
R1XFTF71RO2JOW	5	Five Stars Exelent
RQMLYYCI6RVLJ	4	Easy to install Easy to install, good sound quality. The SD card is a nice feature (I was able to move my songs from my Garmin GPS).
RXY9RQF4HILT9	5	A great deal Fit my phone well.  The shipping was fast and the price was more than reasonable.  Would highly recommend for a low cost option to protect your phone.
R2613DMB273DXF	4	Four Stars Good product. Immersize.  -1 star because it hurts the bridge of your nose.
RYJ3SHB0DL0PZ	3	The belt clip broke after a couple of weeks using ... The belt clip broke after a couple of weeks using it.  Weak point is where the metal pin goes through the plastic ears.
R2LJWIQN0Y9MA2	5	Five Stars good
R1PP64M528Q2LN	5	Great Quality, Super Thin! I love this case! Can't beat the price, and it's one of the thinnest iPhone cases I've found. It's not protective, but that's not what I was looking for in a case. If you want something thin, lightweight, and flexible, this is the case for you. It also came with a screen protector. I don't use them, but I thought it was nice, especially since the case was only $6.  Another nice touch: it has flaps that cover the charging port and headphone jack. This case feels well made and not cheap at all.  Again, it's NOT meant to be a protective case, but it is an amazing decorative case!
RXKX4ZZI0MTLI	5	Five Stars Works great
R143LN7D36MD0M	4	earpiece is ok but the clip that goes around your ... earpiece is ok but the clip that goes around your ear stinks. it only comes with 2 clips and they both broke i've only had this unit for a month. i do remove it from my ear everyday and i would think the clips would be more flexable.
R2RLU06LQNTZYD	4	good for the price I have about a 75% success rate in opening bottles. the cigarette lighter kind of worked once but I haven't been able to recharge it. its a little bulky but I do like how it looks.
R3OEMO9IGZVSWC	5	Five Stars Sound great and stay put! :-D
R13JQ6XJGT4MH4	4	Four Stars Was a tad loose, but otherwise live it
RBS4QWXN8J1MQ	5	it stains easily. Still have my otter box. I have dropped my phone several times. I have even stepped on my phone and there has been no damage thanks to this otter box. I only wish I had not have gotten white though.. it stains easily.
RJ8JMQE5A981M	1	Great size and cute but won't work with iPhone so ... These cords Worked for about 3 days then said &#34;not compatible with iPhone&#34; and haven't worked since then. Great size and cute but won't work with iPhone so they don't do me any good.
R2TZIYY8G54X23	5	Five Stars I love this item. So safe and sturdy.
RV5Q7NSD5HE0Y	5	and with different lengths this is an awesome pack. We used the longer cable in the ... You can never have too many USB cables... and with different lengths this is an awesome pack. We used the longer cable in the car, the rest are used to charge a bunch of tablets and phones.
R2FYB60HFCNOP2	5	Five Stars I was very happy with my purchases! !
R2QONPPWGEYP48	1	One Star I am very disappointed.  worst experience ever.
RK6SW2DLNTLKZ	1	One Star Doesn't work. Plugged in a light came on and then went out. Did not charge my phone. Junk
R1C0Q93XV443JE	5	Quaility bargain. It works great.  After shopping around, this was not only a quality product, but priced better.  Excellent bargain for excellent product.
RULGA3KPI4WG8	4	A pocket underneath would be great so the phone & charging battery could be tucked ... Used it for a week with no other electricity. Worked as it should. A pocket underneath would be great so the phone & charging battery could be tucked away during charge.
R3OR1LLKD5NQDS	4	Four Stars Good product but no instructions for installing screen protector.
R1U9TCWLZV31NC	4	I very much have enjoyed it. It works very well Once I figured out how to set the device to random, I very much have enjoyed it. It works very well, though the &#34;random play&#34; setting does tend to pick the same songs with some consistency. Certainly, it has been a relief to not have to worry about cds sliding on to the floor and getting scratched. I think it is a good buy for the price.
RFZNUFIF9HIYL	5	This is so easy to use I received the product for free or a discounted amount for an unbiased and honest opinion....  This is my first time using a Qi Wireless Charger, PLESON Ultra-Slim Qi Wireless Charging Station. I just got a galaxy S6. It is compatible with this wireless charger. This is so easy to use. You just set your phone on top and make sure the connection was made. You'll know it's charging when the indicator light on the front is blinking. I like that you can charge a variety of different electronics. I have 5 people in my household that all have smartphones.  The pad itself is sturdy and small. It has a rubber piece on top to make sure the phone doesn't slide off. Although it did not charge my phone as fast as it normally would when it's plugged in, but it did get the job done
R17X4TTAAVWRPI	1	One Star Wrong battery
R1JUO1ANYBB6E2	1	Mophie chargers are excellent but this case is not Mophie chargers are excellent but this case is not.  I've owned two and in each case, the plastic belt clip has broken after a month or so of very normal use, dropping the phone to the floor in each instance.  The first instance was a few years ago and I foolishly assumed that this product would have been improved and bought a second one.  My mistake.  The shortcomings of the plastic fittings make this product unworthy of your purchase.
R2F98HAVPAZ1H1	5	Great Buy Great price for a great product. I was worried about the thickness of a glass screen protector but the beveled edge makes this screen protector a must on all my future phones.
R2OD6GCDD6E9RL	5	Geekercity mobile phone holder This is a very clever and handy way to hold my smart phone onto the steering wheel. I tend to hang out in the car and watch utube videos on the phone and this fits and holds my LG G4 phone perfectly. It's a bit of a stretch to get it over the edges, but it holds it securely. And the fact that the phone can be turned either upright or horizontally is great.
RW2AAFZ0M1GAD	5	) It's easy to apply if you follow the directions (just make ... Protects my screen as described :) It's easy to apply if you follow the directions (just make sure you align it correctly because you can't lift it off if it settles). Also fits with a case which is a nice. Now I can throw my phone in my purse without worrying about the screen getting scratched.
RDRPHQLKGCM0V	4	mostly good I originally ordered a milti pack and really was happy.  But most recently the 6 foot no longer makes a tight fit and I have to play with it to get it to charge.  sometimes I get up in the morning and my phone is dead because it quit charging during the night. I will need to contact them and get another.  but overall they have worked fine.
R34BICYJ78H280	5	Good qualities and a great seller. Good qualities and a great seller.
R2XB535RSA3Y83	3	HOW DO YOU OPEN THE CASE!!! May have given it a 5 but so far no one here can figure out how to open it to put the phone in it. It didn't come with any instructions other than the printing in the back of the package that talks about the underwater capabilities!!!
R20VKT47O21FZX	5	Five Stars excellent product!
R2P2UD6ZQM7W47	1	DO NOT BUY Absolutely horrible. This case is WAY too big for my S6. I can't access the volume or sleep buttons at all. On top of that, the ears aren't attached. Both of them fell off in my hand when I out the case on my phone.
R2PAQQLQVMJ8II	5	This charger helps me keep everything a bit more organized and charges super fast! I did receive this for an honest ... I have so many cords running every where when I try to charge something it becomes a hassle! Well with this 5 port charger I can keep things a bit more organized! I put the fat square bread ties around the cord and then plug it in and then I know what is what. This charger helps me keep everything a bit more organized and charges super fast! I did receive this for an honest unbias review. Over all I am super happy with this charger.
R29QYF50AW1AV4	5	Better than the apple cable that comes with ipad/iphone I love how long this cable is it is way longer than the cable apple provides you with the iphone and ipad and its cheeper but its still a good quality cable. If you need a longer lightning to usb cable I highly recommend this one.
R3PTX4URBULSOP	2	Two Stars I order 3 and only 2 worked.  The one we kept only works on one iphone
RR5JIWF26B3HP	5	great product. Was just as expected. Came in a timely manner
R4QWCPGQHS4SU	4	Cute duel case I really like the case and the duel layer. I wish there was slightly more rubber on the corners, but it fits very nicely and is relatively easy to take apart.
R36O6D5G8C4JIU	5	Great for the price Very good alternative to having to install Bluetooth in your car or truck. Especially since you can choose literally any station. However it would be nice if it had an external Antena because there is a constant static in the background unless you have the transmitter in the right position. Other than that, great product for the price!
R2CA7YYGZH39ZU	5	Very Happy I absolutely loved this case! I got a lot of compliments on it and even though it's slim, it protected my phone when it fell.
R32UOMKRU2ZYUS	5	Five Stars Product arrived as advertised and I love it.  Deliver was as promised.
R241AK9COU672M	5	Five Stars The case is great, I especially enjoy the kickstand on the back.
R2DEKS3CCZX8ZG	4	Great breakaway case to protect the iPhone! Great battery case! Better than Mophie. Bought 2, one for me and my wife and we both have never run out of power ever!
RQ1GKKX18HNGM	5	Five Stars Great
R3NPEJSTE2BFQ5	5	Five Stars Love the case
R12NI96UXJEMXC	5	Thanks for the cover Not real wood. But. Real wood would not last. Awesome look case and deal. Screen protector and stylus handy too
R3NUQXHXOI6KT8	5	I love this phone holder for my car I love this phone holder for my car!  I got this one and the shorter one, and I love them both.  Instead of keeping your phone in your pocket or in your bag/purse when you get in the car, put it on this phone holder.  It is so much more convenient!  The taller one is more flexible in it's use because of it's multiple adjustment settings.  It turns left, it turns right, it swivels around, so you can custom fit it for your personal preference.  It is very sturdy and very convenient.  I always keep my phone in my phone holder while driving because I'm directionally challenged so I'm always on my GPS.  This phone holder is great because it sits high, so I can look at my GPS and keep an eyes on the road.  It has adjustable EVERYTHING so it will basically fit in any car cup holder.  The workmanship on this is superior to other phone holders I have used in the past.  It isn't very bulky either so it doesn't really get in the way of anything else.  This is a great product for anyone that pretty much has a phone and a car.
R3CC84AD6N47KI	5	Five Stars pretty
R38H3NC1SFSS1	1	Poor design and implementation. AVOID Poor design and implementation. AVOID buying. Weak voice recognition. It usually gets it wrong. Navigation screens confusing. Updates far and few between. Newest map is six months old before it is issued and already 1 year out of date. Outdone by a $40 TomTom
R2X4G56WIN6D7J	5	Five Stars It was the  best.thanks
R1365TFZJWB9SH	4	Works as described We've had it for a month and so far seems to work as described.  Can get  4-5 phone charges out of it.
R3O537J843T0IF	4	Four Stars Love it
R19WM0NSCWVB5K	1	One Star This case didn't even fit it was so bad
R242699M6Y2Q6L	5	Five Stars Great
R19FWRN1SQWBJO	1	One Star Same issue other people are having...the top snapped right off first time using. Returning it today!
RVO3D4QI3P0RQ	1	Bad Choice of Service Verizon services sucks because I have had the service a week and already My 4 G is already gone on 1 device.
R1200RF8J0CO5T	5	Five Stars I recieved a discount on my order for a fair review
RJ5QMFFBZDAP4	5	love this pc and reconmend it to my other family8000 as before , but after 15 days when i have used , I email back to amazon , t I have used this dash camera for several months , it stll works well. that is the point I am here to write a reveiw after several months . the resoution is good to me .Day or night version  is acceptable , you can see clearly what happed in front of your car and other car license number  as the price and quality , I do not think other camera is better than this pc. I have bought GS8000 as before , but after 15 days when i used , I shipped back to amazon , the quality is disastering , the screen always get blank then you can do nothing . love this pc and reconmend it to my other family.
R1RK5CREYPHAJ3	5	High Quality Materials - Great Feel. Thinner than other cases I have used.  Materials seem to be high quality.  it feels really good in my hand holding the phone.  The fit is excellent.  I tried my remote function for the TV and it worked fine.
R1LCALEKH9LSTW	5	!!!!!11 great
R2FK82PPYSXB3Q	1	I have an iPhone 5s carrier lock was sprint It ... I have an iPhone 5s carrier lock was sprint It did not work I ended up just pay more money for an unlock that did work
RFITF7K54LVQZ	5	Good fit and quality. Fits well, seems lie it will hold up better than some of the other cases for the old Xperia. The back of the case is better quality than some of the more flimsy cases we have tried. The case doesn't block the camera like many of the other Xperia cases do.
RXTYKUB6D22RH	5	and I like this. It makes for me to handle easily ... It works well, and I like this. It makes for me to handle easily in the car.
RXVE7VDBP22TW	5	Five Stars Work great.  Stay on well.
R143LD7EJ4OHH2	4	This is a pretty good portable backup battery pack for the money. This is a pretty good portable backup battery pack for the money. It charges relatively fast and it charges my phone well. I can get one complete charge for my phone out of it.
R312IL935NX94V	5	This is a great looking cell phone case This is a great looking cell phone case, but it`s more for a woman than a  man. That`s the only reason I couldn`t use it, otherwise it is made well.
R3H10POI0C9PQK	5	Five Stars I LOVE THIS! Great little wallet. I don't like to carry a purse, so this suits me perfectly.
R3UR6B9AZXDM6S	4	Slim case somewhat good protection Purchased for my Note 5. In fact I bought to of them, different colors because of the price. Fits the phone well and feels good in your hands. It is a thin case so I do not how well it protects the since I am very carefully with the phone. This is not an otterbox but I did not expect it to be that much protection. I like the style and the fit, easy to get on but a little difficult to get off, but that is ok if you don't take it off and on alot. Would be this again for my wife's phone when she is ready to upgrade.
RE58DEKCBWZXG	5	Fun gadget I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 with Android version 4.4.2. It states the Bluetooth works with Android version 4.2.2 and above and mine works perfectly with it. When I was contacted by the company to receive this item for my honest review the first thing I did was make sure my Android version would work.  This is my first selfie stick. First I put on the included USB charger but it was actually already completely charged. It's 7 1/2&#34; long closed and about 30&#34; fully extended. By pressing the Bluetooth button on the end (where the logo &#34;gogogu&#34; is) it paired easily with my phone; it shows up as Z07-5 on my phone and shows the message &#34;bluetooth keyboard connected&#34; when paired.  I extended the stick, put my phone in the slot and used the thumb screw to tighten it so it would stay. Then I started taking selfies by pressing the Bluetooth button; it was that easy. I know you don't want to see selfies of me (I don't blame you; I don't either), so I'm posting a couple selfies that Mickey & Minnie took (with a little help from their friend). What a fun device!  :-)
R3O1RY1L5KTOI9	5	Five Stars Love the color
R2WSV08BOLQC0R	2	The single worst user interface and display I've ever seen on a piece of car audio equipment.  By far. Do not buy this head unit.  You will HATE it.  Pros: Sound quality is great.  Connectivity is very good.  Cons: 1. It has a HORRIBLE user interface.  No preset buttons, menus upon redundant menus. It's terrible when you're parked, so good luck trying to make it work how you want while driving. 2. It has abysmal build quality.  Like others have mentioned, it randomly decides to stay on every once in a while even when you remove the key to the vehicle, and you either have to disconnect the battery or the fuse to shut it down.  It freezes CONSTANTLY.  It reboots itself for no reason.  Oh, and my favorite: every single time you first touch the volume nob or buttons to change your station upon initially powering on the unit, it crashes the face display and has to restart itself. 3. No preset buttons.  Everything has to be done through a left/right button.  That design decision makes zero sense whatsoever. 4. Curved display reflects sunlight at any angle. 5. And while we're talking about the display, it is absolutely horrendous.  The worst--the ABSOLUTE WORST--display I have EVER had in a piece of car audio equipment.  Completely and utterly unreadable in sunlight.  So now, while driving, you have a unit with no dedicated preset buttons causing you to scroll through channels you can't see.  THANKS A LOT, KENWOOD.  This head unit is terrible.  Do not buy it.  Does it sound great?  Sure.  But that is NOT worth it these days with so many other great options to purchase.  It crashes, it's frustrating to use, and even when it works flawlessly, the display is completely useless.
R2CKM6RRYKY329	5	Rugged and Versatile [[VIDEOID:e8181b266aea9bc5006b93fba5078b2c]] This is a great little speaker. It has a rubber casing to protect it from bumps because you will be taking this on the go. There is an included carabeaner clip to attach take it wherever you go: to the park, to school,  to the beach. Included with the speaker is a micro USB charging cable and a 3.5 mm audio cable if you aren't using bluetooth. On the back is a rubber covering protecting ports to charge, 3.5 audio port, and the on/off switch) The top has clear buttons to pair the device, play/pause/answer calls, Volume Up/down/skip song forward/back. Whats neat is that this also included an LED flashlight. I can see myself taking this camping just to do double duty.  Sound wise it gets loud and clear with crisp highs but not much in the way of a lower range. I don't expect that from a speaker of this size but its worth noting. Bluetooth range is typical for a device like this at about 30 feet in open air. Full disclosure the seller provided me with this to review. If you have any questions please leave a comment.  Amazon Disclosure Statement: -I received this product for free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review; or -I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review. Why the statement? Amazon says I have to. Why did I get the product at a discount? I guess I’m lucky. Either way I hope the review was helpful. I try to do my best to update reviews but if you have any questions about my long term experience with a product please leave a comment and I will gladly respond.
R1AAQ1Z6ZR7KKX	3	It's good mostly for the aesthetic appeal The case fits the phone snug and looks as it appears in the image. My only issues with it are that there is hardly any protective lip space in the front to protect the phone in case of accidental face drops, and the kickstand is simply a thin plastic material. This case is solid enough though for simple drops. It's good mostly for the aesthetic appeal.
R1J60BCY2BMC2B	4	I love this color and the brushed metal feel I love this color and the brushed metal feel. However I found that it seemed to block my streetpass abilities somewhat.
RD3S7Y15O6YUQ	5	Five Stars great ipod cover
R33SCZNFLZW19S	5	this one is highly recommended. If you have a GoPro and any accessories you NEED a case to keep all of your stuff in the same place. From all of cases which I've seen and tried, this one is highly recommended.
R4C8KXI4340VC	5	Five Stars Everything was perfect
RM3S6CI0WAC87	5	Five Stars Cool
R1M5DWQWE5KIES	1	TRASH I tried this for the first time today.  First, it is impossible to access the screen in any useful way when using this.  That is because it goes on the side of your arm where most people can't see clearly.  Second, the plastic cover continuously hit different parts of the screen and kept launching apps and changing screens unintended.  It was a huge disappointment.  On my way out of the gym today I threw this thing in the trash.  It's useless.  Pockets work better.
R2GT6RYMLQ2173	3	Could be better! First off, the seller was Great. Item arrived in a very timely manner. The actual materials of this 3 piece case appear to be very rugged. The only exception might be the belt clip (time will tell). However, once you put the silicone gel around the phone, then proceed to slide the phone into the middle bracing part, you have no way to avoid putting stress on the volume rocker and power buttons. You just have to work those buttons into the cutouts. If, like me, you choose to use the belt clip case, inserting and removing the phone can be a challenge. At first, I found myself accidentally taking screen shots because of the pressure being put on the power and volume rocker buttons while sliding the phone in and out of the belt clip case (very tight). Plus the gel covering tends to fold up when pulling phone out. The solution? Well, this is a &#34;flip screen phone,&#34; so I just put it into the belt clip case right side up even though I would rather put it in right side down (The reason: hand down at side to hand up at ear. Results when I pull the phone out, the phone goes from right side down in case to right side up at ear). Overall Pros: 1) Material used appear to be very durable. 2) Kickstand seems to work very well. Overall Cons: 1) Phone is tight in belt clip. 2) Silicone gel gets a lot of friction when putting in and pulling out of belt clip case. 3) Although silicone gel cover has some notches on the sides, feels a little slick.
R2R485KHOY3OLZ	5	Great Bargain for Price! Works fine for charging my LG Tracfone in the car. You can't beat this price and speedy delivery.
R12W67F11ASFC5	5	Five Stars Great product!
R13Y17PWSBHWHS	4	Four Stars nice and good price
R3RWNVE6GF3EM	4	Works as Advertised. The cable works as advertised and feels sturdy and well made.  I've removed one star because, like most short cables, it is more expensive than it ought to be.  I can justify the additional expense because I appreciate having a short cable in my travel kit.  I use mine in conjunction with an external HDD enclosure and the product has worked reliably.
R34UNYRAJOGFQ2	5	Sturdy and Efficient I couldn't be happier with this case. It is very sturdy and I'm always getting compliments on it. I'm able to keep my license, 2 credit cards and a couple of dollars in it. Now I don't have to carry my purse everywhere.
RYN1HWRICJDJU	1	Do not waste your money It quit working after 44 days. Do not waste your money.
R3L01YUCBQWE0G	5	Five Stars good value, fast shipping!  Hard outer case has good feel...kick stand quality reflects the price
R35QOPSE6UH4ZE	5	Pleased Quick shipping.  Haven't had a chance to use it yet, but looks like it is just what I needed and at a great price.
R2TTTP2W9052KH	5	Five Stars As awesome as one can plainly see from the picture and arrived sooner than estimated.
R2ENFVTC73V0FV	3	Its OK Once i installed it and let it sit and dry over night, I found that the screen had a small blurry spots i guess from where the spray dried that really bothered me so i took it off. Other than that it fit perfect even stayed in place on the curves.
R1NTBI8FSBEFT6	5	Five Stars A++++
RZOEG5ZLKIDZK	5	Works terrific Love this product.'
R2S2F68WEE1U2Y	5	Easy to use Slim. Convenient. Easy to use.
R20ZH4FLHAEXHP	3	Quality is questionable I was a little disappointed with the quality of the leather. It feels like cardboard. I was hoping to get some nice soft quality leather. Maybe it will soften up once it breaks in.
R3OGGEY6T4PN9	5	OoRange lightning vehicle car charger. Nice to have an after-market product that works and does not carry the heavy price tag of the name brand.
RIRCRBIAGI1T1	5	fit exactly. Excep tthe magnet was not very strong ... fit exactly.  Excep tthe magnet was not very strong.
R17Q3B1WETE2HB	5	Vickies review Great product. All my friends have on just got my code getting mine.
R1Y1P8ZFNP8YFV	4	Not cheap but a great way to refurbish a damaged phone My friend's phone is as good as new.  This repair isn't for the timid but if you're not afraid of small parts and you're careful about keeping track of what screw goes where this is an easy way to make someone very happy.  I just wish it were cheaper.  The part for a comparable-age iPhone is less than half as much.
R2R1S3O4JYI0O4	5	clean looking install Fit great! Looks factory
R9RC1BNX1TZQN	3	The case is pretty nice since it folds into a very pack-able size ... I bought it for $15.99 and for that price I would say it is OK.  I have set it up to recharge an external 6Amp\hr battery pack, it takes about two full sunny days to recharge this pack when it is completely depleted. I use the battery pack to recharge my other stuff. The reason I use it that way is because it does not really want to charge my phone or other 5V items directly ( they always seem to disconnect and then reconnect and do not really charge). The battery pack does not seem to mind and even looks to be partially recharging on somewhat cloudy days.  The case is pretty nice since it folds into a very pack-able size and will fit into a day pack without wasting a lot of space.  The only thing I do not like is that the material the case is made from definitely is not protected from U.V.  I have had the solar panel outside recharging for about 7 days and the material of the jacket is changing colors to a somewhat purple color I can only imagine this will not last for more than a couple of months of charging use before the material degrades to the point of falling apart.
RKEZVLZ3DT6XG	5	Just right for iPhone 6 Very slim, preserves iPhone 6 design. Texture has just the right amount of grip - it doesn't slip but you don't have a struggle pulling it out of your pocket either.  Altogether very nice
R1JH65PJZBHL3H	2	The speakers did not sound as well as I thought ... The speakers did not sound as well as I thought they would because they were jbls. The highs could be a little bit more crispier sounding.
R36G06OZ55CT8Q	5	Five Stars Item exactly as described and arrived on time
R144P0GXBVM0A6	4	Four Stars Works great
R24SGZ093I5AEF	1	It look fancy and I did like it when I received it but after not even ... It look fancy and I did like it when I received it but after not even two weeks the magnet not working anymore I can close the case
R2WZABEXJR1O7T	5	Five Stars Perfect for &#34;no pockets&#34; outfits and outdoor activities, really is waterproof!
RY68G7JBPLZ9K	5	Easy to install Exactly what I expected.  Easy to install.
R2C9YZVCIJSHYQ	5	Five Stars Great
R357MFG42Y62K5	5	Great product This charger works awesome. I have a Galaxy s6 with an Otter Box. It charges a little slower than the wall charger that came with the phone but more than adequate. It's really not super picky about how the phone is positioned  but the light will flash red/green immediately if it's not happy with where you put it. The charger is pretty small... smaller than I expected which is a plus. I haven't measured but I'd say about 2.5-3&#34; across the widest point. It has a nice rubbery top and bottom so it won't slide around and the light is tiny and not crazy bright as I've read about other similar chargers (ie. Lighthouse in my bedroom etc...). It charges until full and then trickle charges to keep you at 100%. Overall I'm very happy after a couple weeks of use and i would highly recommend this product as a great bargain and well thought out design.
RXOMGEIWZH207	1	it does not work! I tried it in 3 ... it does not work! I tried it in 3 different cars and cannot use on any small appliance (shaver, CD player, etc.)
R28564A62X9BB9	3	Three Stars Its a $50 phone enough said. It does its job.
R27FXBBNFC1IZH	5	Five Stars I love t
R30WPK1B1OK26G	5	Five Stars exelent
R1MYFBQAUPR7LZ	5	Compact, Sturdy, and great value for a great charging experience. This little charger has been so convenient to have. Most chargers with multiple ports don't have enough Watts and Amps to properly power all the ports if you use them all at once. They can usually just power a few low power devices and only one high power device. However, the Swees 50 Watts 5V / 10A 5 Port USB Charger can power 4 ports at 2.4A if you need it. It can also power all 5 ports with 2A of power, which is more than sufficient for smart phones and tablets, or whatever else you need to charge via USB power.  It's small, compact, and sturdy metal frame design. it's also lightweight, so it won't weigh you down while travelling. However, the light weight can also be an issue if you want it to stay in place on your desk or night stand. I ended up putting some Velcro on one side to keep it from moving around so much.
RM6EFR49FH945	5	Five Stars Sweet!
R3APSGM9MRNO5L	1	It was easy to put on Purchased on Aug. 10 and As of today, Aug. 31 it has multiple scratches and is actually cracked across one corner. I have not and do not abuse my phone(s). This protector has been on since I put the phone in the Otterbox Defender case and yet it is damaged. It was easy to put on, gave good coverage on the phone's glass and it felt really good when using it.
R1NCV2USVPQ1TZ	4	Very good product. Sturdy and looking good (the red color ... Very good product. Sturdy and looking good (the red color looks better than the black one). I feel my iPhone is well protected in this case.
R3VD3NQZ6MDOBJ	5	Five Stars The device is good. I like it.
R3AYJZU7O5DOX4	1	One Star Disappointed that a screw popped out during first use. It still works but I would order another brand.
R3KGYOSEH6I0BN	4	Four Stars Works great though there are times when the phone comes off the charger without a complete charge.
R33A3XCE3527TV	5	Great service all around! Great product and fast delivery! Fits snug! I really like the look and feel of this case. Light weight. Delivered way ahead of delivery date.
R30O06KHIH59GF	4	Four Stars Fit as expected.
R1H5EYED8JEHHN	5	Five Stars Was amazing simple to program too!
R7ASE0OOFWNWX	5	Good and reliable product. Works great! Been using a couple weeks now and nice and clear!
R2U76085CLPA0X	2	Doesn't hold up to daily use The clip on the side that attaches it to the iPhone broke after a few weeks of use.  I had to use a rubber band to hold it in the case, but that had to be removed to use the phone.  I finally discarded it.
R2NJJH3SOZQYEP	5	... a couple of days but so far it works great, no i've only used this cable for a couple of days but so far it works great, no problems
RH7XUF5X7PN6	4	Nice battery, but I'm returning it because the product ... Nice battery, but I'm returning it because the product dimensions are incorrectly listed (as of 8/31/15). It is listed as being the same size as the Astro E5 2nd Gen, but it is significantly longer than the E5. The upgraded matte finish is cool but it's more slippery than the piano finish on the E5. It doesn't have a flashlight like the E5 and the battery lights don't stay on very long when you check the battery strength, whereas on the E5 the battery meter would remain lit up for about 30 seconds.
R558JFG13XBHB	1	poor quality broke a couple weeks after installing.
R3BQNNJCO2R3OL	5	Five Stars love it...
R3O9RSQPGBLW5T	2	Two Stars Product did do it's job, it protected my screen, I yogurt for sure it'd last more thanone
R29LO0KE85BAKV	5	Five Stars I live it. Just what I expected. Came sooner then expected😊
RCF134T545N4H	5	Five Stars Great product and great price!
RIOX6KFL0SZCA	4	The 10 foot charging cord is so useful because you can charge your phone from anywhere in ... The 10 foot charging cord is so useful because you can charge your phone from anywhere in the room.  The only reason this isn't a 5-star rating is that you get what you pay for; these cords usually stop working after a couple months.
R30HV2CURWPTU3	5	Perfect fit behind the seat Ordered this sub enclosure as I really wanted some bass in my pick up.  It's a DVC SUB factory wired @ 2 Ohm's so I took the sub out and wired to 8 Ohm as my amp is not 2 ohm stable.  Really impressed with the sub, thought was a little flimsy sub in the enclosure. But the weight of the actual sub-woofer that contributes to 85% of the enclosure weight.  Have this little fella installed in my 1990 single cab Toyota Hilux (Pickup)  Hooked up to a old school Rockford Punch 60.2 bridged; @ 14.7 volts 280 Watts!  Perfect fit behind the seat...seat all the way back too! Give's a real nice bass too...not the awful boomy bass.  Good bass that's low!  Need now to upgrade my high end to perfect balance.
R2RX8GM279MRLX	3	iPhone 6 Plus Case I really like the case but the color is not like picture.  Speedy shipping.
R2WK9NGFY0LGMF	5	Five Stars very good
RNHV0E2UJMJBN	5	Good deal Great product.  Works great for a great price.
R16YCLE77CGRPX	5	Five Stars i make a video with my aquarium, fanastic really, buy it!
R2PPDOQ5DHL5ZN	5	it's quite easy to install If you follow directions, it's quite easy to install.  Very clear, and works great!
R3OL38FR1XSKPY	5	Great support An excellent product , marked it easy to hold this phone without hurting your fingers
R2AV0J7D41QHQR	4	Great Product  for a Low Price. Case does everything as advertised. Just a little larger than I thought. A great way to protect my phone while on my boat.
R2A1KX1NUEYHTX	5	Five Stars Fits great easy to adjust bends when I do depending on what exercise I teach.
R2D623E05ZKDP6	1	Broke after a few days Broke after a few days
R1P1IXMSX512VS	4	Four Stars Works aspected. Great
R28YA5JYBAOYH7	5	Highly Recommended! Works great.
R1SK4RUPUCXL3P	1	I ordered an IPhone 5C case I got an IPod ... I ordered an IPhone 5C case I got an IPod 5 case.
RFDDTR67MKBQ4	4	some I enjoy better than others but for the most part I do own a few car charges; some I enjoy better than others but for the most part, they have done their jobs with no problems. I opted in for this 4 Port USB Car Charger by Celltronix because I own another one of their products and I enjoyed it.  This 4 Port Charger arrived packaged well without any damages visible. It looked exactly as the advertised pictures so there were no unexpected surprises on my end.  So what gives this 4 Port USB Car Charger a different look is the way the USB connection ports are placed!! Instead of a really long and bulky looking charger, the 4 ports are placed on both sides of the head. So I no longer have to worry about charger cords protruding from the top. That was an instant plus for me!  I took this 4 Port USB Charger right away to my car and put it in use. The power indicator light showed up instantly when I turned the car on. Before I connected my iPhone and iPad, I connected my charger cables to be sure the product would not get hot during use. My results were negative so I proceeded to connect my iPhone and iPad with instant charging success.  Overall as of now, I have had no problems with this device and I have no complaints. I think it is well designed and made. I really am looking forward to long-term use from it.  I was selected to review this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.
R3LCR75EQ6XZU1	1	Looks really nice. But after couple of months it stopped working ... I bought it for my wife's iphone sometime last year. Looks really nice. But after couple of months it stopped working without any reason. My wife didn't even use it that often, she usually charges her phone at home. It was wastage of money. Will definitely NOT recommend.
R2G68PXRAHVJ7U	5	Five Stars Amazing!! Work great
R4Z67PYR60OV6	5	I really like this product for charging several devices at once I really like this product for charging several devices at once: iPhone, Kindle HD and Kindle reader.  I've tried other products similar to this that would not charge or were very slow.  This one does the job. I've very pleased.
R2CLW9GLAWTNFL	1	Do not waste your time on this product My phone wouldn't fit properly even though I bought it for the iPhone 5. The bottom piece to cover the charging port broke in about 2 days. Do not waste your time on this product!
R5EFQDDYU073E	5	Works fine. Havent had it long so will see how ... Works fine. Havent had it long so will see how it holds up. I love the long cord. I use it on an older ipad i have.
R213DZ3FGXL2TX	1	great disappointment seriously, save your money! It works great, but doesn't work with My Fitness Pal or phone therefore the number of steps you don't transfer over and I ended up with 4 different apps which I just wanted one app to do everything. Get the FitBit Zip, more money but worth it!
R2YG1KS8HK6G4X	5	Five Stars good product
R2PF1DMYLP6ZOC	5	Great Sync cable I received a product discount for a fair review.  Good product, very sturdy and well made
R1SSDFU3F5T7MT	1	PUKE Rubbish! Lenses are blurry, they don't fit right, cheap garbage... arg!
R1OJF1O8N7RTTM	5	I read many reviews of headphones for children & was torn between cutesy character ones that I knew my kids would love and more I purchased these headphones for my 2.75 year old for a airplane trip. The things I was looking for were: comfort, volume control, durability, connectivity to another pair (I also have a 5 year old). Lil Gadgets headphones fit the bill exactly. I read many reviews of headphones for children & was torn between cutesy character ones that I knew my kids would love and more simple designed ones like these. In all the reviews I read comfort & volume were big issues. I decided any headphones I purchased must have padding at the top so the kids could wear them without discomfort. The ability to connect the headphones without a splitter is genius. The simplicity of the design makes them a joy to use. I read other reviews of this product which people said the volume was too low and their kids could not use them on the airplane. I did NOT find this to be true at all. My kids could hear perfectly well, and we were even seated next to the wing. Overall my kids LOVE these headphones, had no problem wearing them for extended periods, the fact that they fold into themselves also makes travel easier and more compact, the kids were able to hear fine & are excited to use them on trips now. In the end the fact that they are simple, no crazy color or designs were a plus, they look just like my husbands so the kids feel very grown up when they use these. The cord is fantastic, it's like a shoelace material & I can tell they will last longer with this design. I also like the fact they each come with their own dust bag (makes it so much easier to travel and carry around) If you are looking for children's headphones, these are superior to any others you will find for this price point. I highly recommend these headphones for toddlers and young children!
RM7YW5TOENGF9	1	Piece of crap. Just for decoration Piece of crap.  Just for decoration.
R1TJD3DS9YZI98	2	Poor fit, poor design. 1) My Galaxy S4 does NOT fit the product.  My phone is too small, and falls out.  This seems like it was designed for an S5 to be honest.  So either I got the wrong model, or this thing is poorly designed.  2) The way the main holder connects to the mount makes it wiggle and shake when pressing the touchscreen on the phone.  The entire thing wiggles a few cm each time.  3) The coiled cord may SEEM nice... but it really is just in the way most of the time.  I would rather have a long straight cord I could route properly around the top of the windshield and around to where the cable plugs in.
R17L7KLJEOUIXG	1	After second use, it would not turn off. ... After second use, it would not turn off. After letting the battery. drain, it would not turn on or light up when charging. I tried a new charger and nothing changed.
R3UGMBMHWOFE23	3	Disappointed When I ordered this I thought is was a completely enclosed case.  I was disappointed that the front of the case does not have a protective cover and I still have to use the screen savers/protectors. The following description led me to believe this case enclosed the iPhone completely: &#34;Delivers instant all around protection from scratches Constructed from smooth, treated rubber that resists dirt and stains TPU, also known as thermoplastic polyurethane, is more cut and tear resistance over rubber. It is abrasion resistance, and has a high degree of transparency.&#34;  This was found on http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00LL1LFUG?redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0
R1M2Y5CCPUR7MJ	5	Five Stars I love it, protects my phone really well
R1AUEZP7GFZQQA	2	The pins are so rigid they can not be spread ... The pins are so rigid they can not be spread to fit snugly in any outlet. This charger takes almost twice as long as the OEM unit to charge my phone and tablet.
R3QYB63E9N3A40	5	Five Stars Perfect case
R3OMU3BHFS5XNE	5	Great Headset Awesome head set, Great sound quality, easy to use and comfortable. Connects quickly to my phone. I like the fact it works  with the I Phones voice commands. Good Value
R2KKZDW844WG87	1	One Star Nothing like I expected. The case is so bootleg
R6QPCGYI663QY	5	Five Stars Fastest charger I've ever had
RVFRV2JTK7EBQ	1	Bulky, stiff, hot, uncomfortable This fits the phone although not perfectly.  The problem is its bulky, stiff, hot, and uncomfortable to wear.  I wore it once and likely won't use it again.
R28AQKX3L9OJOL	5	awesome. You can adjust to whatever length you want ... awesome. You can adjust to whatever length you want and it will lock then you can rewind from that position with a little pull of the wire. You don't have to extend to full length to rewind like others. Good design.
RFPJ15691NIAW	3	Asus Swings...and Misses Badly Its just okay. After reading lots of reviews, I decided to take a chance on it. My previous phone was a Nexus 5, and even though this phone has more memory and faster speed on paper, in actual use I don't see much difference. Its been a month since I got it, and its already sporting a cracked screen, it is not very tough at all, I have had mobile phones since the early 90's and this is the first phone I have ever broken. Asus wants nearly 100 bucks to fix it, not worth it to me for such a mediocre device. Battery life is atrocious, off the charger at 6am and by noon lots of times its at 50% battery or lower. I am not a gamer nor do I watch video, I just email, talk and text, and social media. Unacceptable. As soon as funds are available, I'll be looking for something else.
RPT452BEQEQ68	1	Very upset I wasted money on this and still got charged for a ... The cover around the band comes of after a few days of use and heavy sweating. I received a replacement and it did the same thing 4 days later.Only part that stayed as it is described was the screen protector. Very upset I wasted money on this and still got charged for a faulty product.
R3E65ZVGH4APS0	5	Five Stars Grate product!
R358EPNT2595YN	4	Satisfied Good price. Didn't ask for 3.  Came a day later than promised.  Overall I am satisfied.
R34VWDQ5Q5CVGO	5	Five Stars Great price.Good case.
R1VNCKKGCRXP3N	5	Five Stars Needed this battery very much and it is working great in my phone.  Shall purchase from this seller again
R6UFBVB0GCOJU	3	So got a little disappointed when received the item Thought the rhinestones were raised and physible but instead it's fake. So got a little disappointed when received the item. Other than that it's fine.
R2OCXXQBAVDW3Z	5	Works great. Marty Got what I ordered.  Works great. Marty S
R1U8U71JVS14J3	1	Does not fit! This case does not fit an iPhone 5s like described!
RDR3DIQ4H198T	5	Five Stars awesome, very useful
R3NP6ZBPP9QYI0	5	This charger packs a lot of charge for its size ... This charger packs a lot of charge for its size. I can get 2-3 full charges for my iPhone out of it before needing to recharge.
RK2DVLX66MVA6	5	Five Stars works great.
R3V1WT01Y5GL4I	5	Five Stars Good material, and protect my phone really good
R5PVXUUNRECLN	5	It went on easy. Bubbles practically eliminated themselves I tried to scratch it with a knife.  I could not.  It went on easy. Bubbles practically eliminated themselves.  Make sure you place it high enough so that the top edge is above the front camera. Very tight tolerance and I put mine on a little low but luckily not too low. I also seem to have put it on slightly crooked, best evidenced in the photo of the lower left corner.  Curved screens on mobile phones is all the rage but it sucks for screen protectors.  This one does a fine job. It covers every pixel on the screen, left to right, and beyond top to bottom. Glare is not too bad. It's difficult to see fingerprints. It's easy to clean if you do get a smudge on it.  Very happy.
R1SEOKD7NCWWMW	5	Great for ur buy!!!! It matches my beats headphones and I love Soo much!
R9EBXDSO39EOO	1	WASTE OF MONEY WASTE OF MONEY. First, I am in the U.S. and I received this item with a wall charger that with a plug that doesn't fit into U.S. outlets, I'm assuming it's a European plug of some sort. As I was leaving for my vacation in 2 days I kept the device. THEN on a 3 hour drive using the car charger the entire time the battery died. Tried to remove the charger from the gps unit but it was STUCK. Finally pulled hard on it and of course the plug ripped apart leaving the metal piece STUCK inside the GPS unit. I am now on vaction with NO GPS to use and will be going to a local store to buy another one. SAVE YOURSELF TIME AND MONEY AND JUST BUY A DIFFERENT GPS UNIT FIRST!!!  On the positive side - I called Amazon once I returned home, great Amazon customer service, refund was very easy.
R2D9U9GSYML7N9	5	Five Stars Love it perfect for Samsung Note 3
RKWJSI1BOQHI5	2	Product Not a Good Fit For Me The armband is uncomfortable, difficult to adjust and strap is beginning to fall apart within 1 month of regular use. I will return this item and purchase something else.
RRMFTS3SMH7A6	3	Three Stars d
R3PLFRYSGZSK6M	3	Looks good but not worth it. Fit perfectly and looks great. The phone lost touch sensitivity especially near the curved edges. It also collects smudges and gets foggy. Would not buy again.
R10909R4S61EXD	5	Awesome!! Makes for a nice Awesome!!  Makes for a nice, dressy bracelet at weddings.
R2JHI0BO8DI06L	5	Great case, Not For 5c! I recently bought this case without reading that Otterbox does not make an Armor series case for the iPhone 5c. So I gave it to my mom and I've finally switched to the LifeProof brand which is a little more expensive but the same quality and less weight. LifeProof also comes in the color white.
RLTF0KTQW738Q	2	Not the best though. Good for the price I guess - The performance is kind of ok. Not the best though. Good for the price I guess.  - Not 100% comfortable to wear. It keeps kind of slipping off of the ear. Probably there might be a special way to wear it on. I have not figured it out yet.  - Not good for active sports wear.  - Works fine with my iphone 5s.  - Has issues with my Win 7 laptop. Some issue with the drivers. I contacted the manufacturer and they refused to support it. They say the problem is elsewhere and not the device since it is working well with my iphone. I am not 100% sure how these things are supposed to supported but, I thought the windows drivers were supplied by the manufacturer. I might be wrong. But now I am stuck with a device that I really wanted to use with my laptop and I cannot. No help from any online websites or forums.
R2Q9YFTRHWM007	4	They are comfortable and stay in pretty well I have had these for a couple of months.  No problem pairing them with my Windows phone.  The volume buttons work well.  A little tricky though, as it will skip to the next song if you are not careful when using the volume buttons  (the manual tells you this).  I use them mostly when doing yardwork and they are plenty loud enough even with the lawn mower on.  I have had some problems when mowing, with the phone in my pocket, where the headphones cut out occasionally if there is some jostling, but not usually very often.  They are comfortable and stay in pretty well.  The track skipping feature works with online music apps as well, which is convenient.  Well worth the price I paid.
R2G8YCWTL5FSF6	5	I phone case Great case. Easy to hold onto the phone. Attractive case.
R2SU2VLO9J4GPI	4	great battery great price I only gave it four stars because I got it for a friend he said it was great he tried two other batteries from some were else one lasted a week and the other started to expand in a day or two and these one has been going strong for six weeks and no problems so far great battery
RPIMHL2OW0UTD	5	Five Stars if you have the newer phones these are a must have. Aftermarket chargers don't work
R302KFEWG1F6YF	5	Great headphones for biking and running. Very comfortable. I use these while bike riding because the ear buds hurt your ears after a while as well as the sweat making it so they won't stay in. With these they are comfortable over the ears on long rides and I can hear well even with the wind, which these help block out. The resorption is great and the hands free answering calls works well. My callers say they can hear me well. My only little nag is that they aren't as low profile on the sides as I would like but this wouldn't prevent me from purchasing them again. Battery life is great and so far I have yet to run them dead after 3 hours continual use
RXUP8353IO2T2	5	The New Gold Standard Cable Micro USB cables are one of the most widely used cables today, for a variety of electronics. While there are tons of different options and they may appears to be all pretty much the same, that is not true. Many products come with cheap cables that either A) Don't have the durability to last through extended uses B) Don't put quality material into their cord causing slower charging speed for your devices C) Slow data speed due to poor construction and materials. After years of hassling with tearing, broken, slow micro USB cords, I was so pleased to see a trusted brand such as Anker make a truly premium MicroUSB cable. This cable feels sturdy and strong right from the first minute you use it. The ends are reinforced to prevent breaking at the usual bend points. And the cable is reinforced with Kevlar to help it last much longer and withstand the daily wear and tear that we put our cables through. I'm also pleased to mention that the microusb end has a snug fit into my phone and doesn't fall out too easily like some other cheaper cords tend to do. Overall, this is an excellent product and the new benchmark of cables. I received this product in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
R1D06WQTZNHZP0	5	For the price it is great! [[VIDEOID:643dca462e9a63b11b4fd427e1305850]] For the price it is great. I've had it now for about two years. It has seen the summer heat and -20F winter days. The internal battery is not really useful at all and fails quickly, but that wasn't a problem for me as I have the camera turn on and off with the vehicle's auxiliary power. It will also chew through maybe two micro SD cards a year, but that's because it's continuously writing to the card. Today I took it apart. I was surprised at the production quality, however the battery was bloated and had ruptured. I'm just going to replace it with an old cell phone battery and put it back to work. I suppose I would give it a poor review if I had paid more for it, but for the price point it's great. I have included a video of me reviewing a video using the included software (it is on the card, just insert into a computer and run the application). You can see my speed at the top and a google map on the side.
R2H8SXFS9VYVZB	5	Great buy! Love this case, cheap but durable and cute! I've had mine for about a year and the only problem is the design wears off from where I have it in my scrub pockets.
RCNP8JYR1SEK	5	Works great and good price ! Very good price for certified cables. They work great!
RP5OQ3CQ7KR3F	5	Five Stars Very good
R303RF97SFZLPE	5	Got me to Wyoming and back I am 67 yrs. old and a rookie at using GPS's.  I bought this to use on a trip from Missouri to Wyoming, and will continue to use it.
R9BK6LO1PF2D7	5	Love this selfie stick I received my very first selfie stick today and am completely in love! The seller provided very fast shipping and packaged it well. I never knew selfies could look so much better. This hold my phone securely and I am able to make sure the photos are taken at a flattering angle. No more double chin or horrible pictures. I would highly recommend this to all cell phone selfie addicts it works amazing. You'll never have to worry about dropping your phone or posing weird to get a good photo.  The company provided a sample for testing and review purposes.
R1MOKCSWB82OME	1	Ordered almost a year ago. I was sent a ... Ordered almost a year ago. I was sent a faulty, mix match digitizer and screen, I sent it back being promised I would be sent a New one....8 months later I still have nothing.
R2YZSQ0A1K8C57	3	My teen daughter did not like it at all it is fatter than just a regular cover.  My teen daughter did not like it at all.  It may be okay for a guy who never puts the phone in his pocket and wants to carry a few cards with him.
RLK3UWLNLSC7Z	5	Five Stars Works fine.
R27V5OOCEPFPEA	5	Five Stars very pleased with this case.
RIXDJ96Z0O8DY	4	Just good. Risky application. The packaging is simple. They don't give you an easy way to apply the protector without touching the sticky side, but I got it on and looks 9/10.
R3JYPUGUIFK4Z5	1	POOR QUALITY NO GO!!!!!!!!!
R2VH15EDNTJHTD	5	Five Stars Great
R18KNPW8XAJ24T	5	Cute! This case is soo cute! So girly and the colors are really pretty! I really recomend.
R10XO616XECL37	5	Five Stars Very thin and easy to put on.
R3NYA8X6RBWN4S	1	broke on day one using a 200W coleman air matress pump I purchased it for a 200W Coleman quick air pump.  A few months later I took it out of the package for a camping trip. It first kept beeping at me then did not work at all.  Amazon will not let me return because beyond the 30 days.
R1DXR1EUS10JZ1	5	Just what i needed. Holds my LG G4 just fine and i love the dual charging capacity.
RH8FD6FA0A0TX	5	Five Stars I love this case! It is super protective and a great color and quality! Definitely recommended.
R2A7MTHBQOC5ZG	1	One Star Never stayed in my ear and the volume control was always getting stuck on my shirt.
R19IFAZ3J3TQJP	5	Five Stars amazing quality, very useful, thin and protective
R5LIY123OHKQO	5	They were worth it They were worth it
R3A0Q99L933INU	3	okay, not the best quality. This was mostly easy to put together, but the top of the screen where it locks down into the back of the phone had an issue, it seems their form is off because I was only able to get it flush by filing down the right hand corner before it would lock in.  Also, on the left upper corner, the glass is separating from the plastic display portion.  Disappointed in this, but it is an aftermarket product, can't expect quality I guess.  I bought a phone cover that wraps around the whole screen so it will hold it all together.  I was impressed with the little tool kit, the screwdrivers are magnetized, which is super important when dealing with such tiny screws.  I like others took to youtube and other websites to actually get the repair completed, because the instructions and website included in the package did not help at all.
RQ0DC5J78CDG0	5	the case is literally perfect. Some cases can make the Plus very bulky ... I was a little bit skeptical about this case, especially because my iPhone 6 is brand new, HOWEVER, the case is literally perfect. Some cases can make the Plus very bulky but this is very lightweight and slim and the stand has worked wonders for watching Netflix :) The case is exactly the color as it appears in the picture and is an easy grip! Well done Spigen, well done!
R2K49GCM6ISMFH	1	One Star Cheap quality
R3UM2X0SJ36P94	5	Phone is great. I mainly use for texting and keeping me ... Phone is great. I mainly use for texting and keeping me organized and it has a very nice camera built inn. Battery life is the only issue it doesn't last very long.
R25Q83ALN3SQSE	4	Four Stars It worked
R3DSJFXE22WFSP	3	Three Stars good for the money
RNMJI85KFH9Q1	5	Five Stars Good product
R2WDZ0E92I72Q	5	Great gadget! This is a neat little device that holds your iPhone while you ride o you can use Gps or listen to music to pass the time. Holds your phone securely --just remember to take phone with you if you stop at the market!
R1Y7ZGZV4RNB8G	4	I like these. really good for working out I like these.  really good for working out.  no issues thus far.
R22EJEOYRIVTOF	5	Five Stars this is strong enough to hold an iphone 6 with a battery case (mophie)
RDTV63AB04NT0	5	Worth the money! Tested it in my sink first with paper inside, and it was completely dry. It can be hard to open, but hey, it is waterproof! I can fit my Samsung Galaxy S6 with the Otter Box case inside. It is a tight fit, so I am careful when putting it in and taking it out so I don't rip the plastic.
R31Y5BJQ77YZS4	5	Five Stars great
R3QOY5YRHXWU1E	4	Four Stars Would be a 5 star if it covered the hold phone & not leave a little part uncovered
ROL7F81ZFBALA	5	Five Stars went on good and can't hardly tell you put it on
R29XR6L1O9J5VK	5	Five Stars Fun, updated, glittery, fun cover.
R2TWHTNPGDM6U9	5	Five Stars Perfect! Fast shipping! Would order again but hope I don't have to!
R25IMPID89XSFU	4	For Runners! Chord bounces = thud sounds, but there's an easy fix! So far so good.  For running you defiantly don't want to leave the chord bouncing on your neck.  It makes a loud thud sound every step.  BUT... what I do is either tuck it around my ears so the rest of the chord fits tight behind my head, or just wear the chord on top of my head.  The ear pieces with the right inner ear hook fits sooooo good.  I love this technique, rather than an outer ear hook.  Super conformable and really solid.  Defiantly wont fall out. I've had the blue tooth discount a couple of times.  Might be because the blue tooth receiver is on the right side.  I moved the phone to my right arm and it's been working pretty good.  My amazon blue tooth for my garage speakers always takes over and kicks the Mpow Swift off my phone.  So I have to leave my house before I connect it.  For the price I think it's a good deal.  But I've only used it twice on 4 mile runs.
R1UQL3TDYW8CM5	5	Best purchase I have ever made for my truck! This is hands down the best thing I have ever purchased for my vehicle! I LOVE it. I have had a couple magnet holders for my truck in the past just checking them out and they all seemed to hold a little better than this. If you stick the metal piece that is attracted to the magnet to the back of your case/phone then it will definitely not go ANYWHERE. It's a very strong hold and I couldn't live without it anymore. Goes very well with a Bluetooth radio system because you don't have to mess with any wires at all unless you are charging. So you can just get in your vehicle and literally slap this thing onto your cash and BAM, it's there until you want it again. Everyone that rides with me is in amazement and I recommend it highly everytime. The main reason this item sold me is because it is so small and doesn't take much room up on my dash. The pivot is designed perfectly, it moves to where you want it with just the right amount of grip and once you let your phone go it stays put in any direction you leave it be. That was one of my main wonders when I was shopping is if it will stay tilted up or down or to the side, it will. Quit reading this review and buy the thing, I swear you won't regret it.  The only thing I would say would be the &#34;cons&#34; is that I have noticed after having it for some time it has faded from the sun. Will attach a picture of the new color, if brown wouldn't match your vehicle and this will be in the path of the sunlight, you may want to purchase another similar item.
R3QLKRHNWCZMVJ	5	Blend form, function & durabilty I bought thewse a while ago so they've stood the test of time. Today, I needed to replace the tip but decided use a different color for a while. It struck me that the one I'd used for 6+ months looked as good as the new one. Always spot one one the touch screen and handy with the attachable cord....these stylus are the perfect blend of form anf function.
R2SF70V1SJHCXK	5	Very Satisfied It works very well .a visit to typhoon lagoon disney wave pool.Completely dry phone. In water all day ,and photos came out very well. All i heard was where did you get that?
R55MVQKCTFUB7	4	For work he loves it I brought this for my big brother for work he loves it and it's really easy to use.
RDFQJVQC3V1CE	4	Great Car Mount - But Two Tiny Setbacks I've bought and used this car mount for my iPhone 6 recently. This is not a paid, free sample or sponsored product review. Here is my product review on this item:  Packaging - Small, sturdy and packaged nicely. Items were wrapped nicely inside and came with two small cards with product and company information.  Setup - Setting up the car mount is fairly easy. There are two main parts: the head (where the phone is held), and the body (where the mount stands/sticks to a surface). Connecting these two parts were fairly easy but did have some slight trouble when connecting them at first. Just make sure you hear the &#34;Click!&#34; sound when connecting the two pieces for connection confirmation.  Usage - When using the car mount, the look, feel, and maneuverability of the car mount is great. Screen is completely visible, no blocks and can be corrected into the position you feel most comfortable. Landscape or portrait the phone when placed on the car mount is good. Sturdy, does not shake or wobble.  Dis-assembly - After using the item and putting it away is also easy. Just undo the click for the two main pieces and voila! your done.  Setbacks - I've only encountered two setbacks when using this product. 1) This product price will fluctuate. I bought mine for $10.99, week and a half later it was at $5.99. Could not get the difference because thanks to Amazon's pricing policy after 7 days you can not get the differentiated price difference. My loss.  2) When using the car mount, the phone has a bottom bar where it &#34;sits&#34; comfortably, this bar unfortunately is opened in the middle for charging on the go, but blocks the headphone jack. So if you're in need of using the headphone jack while in the car for calls, or the AUX cable then it becomes tricky. Luckily I found a makeshift solution to the problem. You connect whatever you want into your headphone jack and THEN you place it on the car mount. Thanks tothe claws of the car mount on the side, it still stays in place with minimal to no movement.  All in all, I am happy about this car mount. Would recommend to a friend. Any questions or comments feel free to post below.
R3CT01YMKF3H57	5	Believe the good reviews My daughter loves these and they fit comfortably on an adult head as well. Quite simply put, these are the best Bluetooth headphones for the price you will find anywhere. The company also has excellent customer service and makes their kid friendly approach very apparent. I suspect that if an adult purchased these headphones they would not be able to beat them for the quality and comfort at this price point either. After nearly 8 months of being used every day these still look and work as if they were brand new. I feel comfortable highly recommending this product for children and most adults as well though if your head is larger than that of the average size of a 180 pound male, then they may not fit comfortably.
R5FY0R3VPY1QA	5	Five Stars Like the phone. Still having trouble with downloading photos in messaging.
RMFF9O90BGS5H	1	One Star first one broke after 2 days and the other quit after 1
R298KATDXC2LN2	5	Five Stars Granddaughter loved it. What more can I say.
R3W0QILO9NHICI	5	Great buy! Great fit and all buttons works through the bumper.  just enough of a berm around it so that neither screen nor back rest on whatever you set it down on.  Vendor shipped quickly and packing was sufficient.
R2EOYASPEIH9BT	5	Five Stars great one i like it
R3RZCFSH2UCU6R	5	Five Stars Great phone but YouTube app don't work I have to use the browser to watch YouTube
RG0MYNRKGHTSL	5	A quality product from a quality brand A quality product from a quality brand. A few considerations:  1. The case is easy to take on and off because it's a bit flexible 2. Slim, but you can still feel the increased size of your phone. But the iPhone is slim to begin with so no big deal. 3. Buttons are functional, only slightly harder to press  This case is for those who don't really want a case but need the protection. A worthwhile investment considering the hefty price tag on the iPhone. I was given this case for my objective evaluation.
RDZX9MVXE06CA	5	High end, quality tempered glass screen protector! Excellent product, fits great... I paired this up with my favorite case the NewTrent Trentium (removed stock plastic screen protector and used this tempered glass) it looks flawless! Thank you JETech for making such a high end, quality tempered glass screen protector for such a reasonable price... Very satisfied customer for life here! :) Thank you
R6BM6L3VUI6KE	5	Five Stars Works nice
R1X0LF6FF342GY	5	Best for the price with proper use These headphones are exactly what I've been looking for for past few years.  I bought these for running and find that they never fall out or adjust uncomfortably in my ear.  Problems I had in the past consisted of my left ear (for some reason) always fitting differently than my right.  Chewing gum would gradually shift them. And the up and down movement of running would cause annoying interference sounds.  Piece of advice... take the time to do a little trial and error with the ear pieces and cord clip while doing what ever activity you bought them for.  In the end it's worth every minute.  For those with battery problem or just starting out, I strongly suggest giving it a full charge before using.  Once charged, keep using until battery is completely drained and repeat this process at least twice initially.  After that, continue doing so  at least once every one or two months.  I used to sell work for Verizon and found that draining or &#34;cycling&#34; the battery is the best way to increase any rechargeable battery.  So far it has worked for me brilliantly.
R97KB5C0YSN98	5	Very happy with the time it took for Brought my phone back from the dead. Very happy with the time it took for delivery
R27PXFHTFQPL2D	5	Great backup charger! Really holds it's charge and I like how I can charge two items at one time.
R2YLGTPIEHFWZX	5	Five Stars I love the case, I think I made the right choice
RD7BMCQ420M09	5	worth the money. This is nice for watching movies. Fast computer. Windows 8 is very frustrating though. Otherwise it is great for surfing internet, shopping, taking photos and checking email.
R1J4I5KN4LZ56P	5	Five Stars Cool l like it :)
R13WI3C7U77JJC	5	Five Stars loved it!
R3E9M4GLLY8D6E	5	This wallet is so cute and exactly what I was ... This wallet is so cute and exactly what I was looking for. It even fits in my back pocket.
R31Q5S26YLI1HZ	5	Worth every penny Very nice, very clean, very (handsome) case. It is exactly as shown in the picture. I recommend it
R2T586JCLHUJR	3	Three Stars The plastic face had a label on it ... that didn't peel off smoothly.
R1ELEPF13CVVH0	4	It's a very good case for the money It's a very good case for the money.  Bot an extra glass piece and replaced the plastic front.  I am happy with both.
RAPZK8E41VT9L	5	Five Stars Excellent !!!!!
R23S8D6ORPZ2C8	5	love it love it ,perfect for what its needed for
R1O9MPOCZLLTO9	4	My luck didnt work out for me display was scrambled purple and white you might have much better luck than me, if you have a problem do contact seller
R3ISQZOZ4HSXYA	5	My son loves this. It's not much bigger than ... My son loves this. It's not much bigger than the phone itself, so it's not bulky and he loves the kickstand feature.
R2X7SBDQ2JENHO	2	Two Stars Don't think it is the correct one, I have to take it off to charge my phone.
R2U0UOQADFXURD	2	This one didn't work out. Unfortunately, this didn't work out so well.  Bought it for my son and he says it doesn't stay on the phone, keeps falling off.
R2TEP0ZACBL8BW	5	Excellent protector for Galaxy S6! This is a great screen protector as it nicely fits the face of the phone, without interfering with the curved edge of the S6. I also like the provided back cover as it will cover the back of the phone from minor scratches etc even though the phone will be in a case all the time.
R1T19SF71S5OX5	5	Nice product! Love the design of this case. The only issue I was concerned about was the tempered glass protector that I had put on my screen before the case. The case fit over with no problem and the screen is still very reactive to my touch
R2BJ5HT8KK4HRT	1	Picture and description showed RED as the color of the ... Picture and description showed RED as the color of the case, when I got the package it was SF Giants Orange.
R2A3CVE4A6XUN1	3	WiFi unstable Guess this is my last Blu phone - WiFi disconnects when the phone goes to sleep. Contacted Blu support and they advised to perform a hard factory reset of the phone. I bought this phone after returning the [[ASIN:B00PYWQ7SI BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Unlocked Cellphone, White]] which had a similar problem (but way worse as WiFi would not reconnect unless it was disabled and reenabled).  That's 2 Blu phones in 2 weeks with similar issues..I thought it was a defect the first time, but the 2nd time? I'm not so sure anymore...  The Studio X is a decent phone otherwise (nice looking, good display, nice pics, pretty responsive, latest OS, etc) but the WiFi issue is a dealbreaker for me...
RB029RFRCL34R	5	Five Stars love it fit perfect
R1LZK15Y5N1RU5	4	Four Stars Fancy and pretty. Fits perfectly on the cell. Exactly what I wanted.
R3PJ1HH5UP8TAU	5	Quick Charge is worth it This was the first Quick Charge 2.0 Portable battery I found available, and it does not disappoint.  I don't even use my older chargers anymore, as Quick Charge charges my phones (that are Quick Charge compliant) so much faster (hours faster). This works perfect when you need a quick burst of extra power for your music, phone calls, gps, etc.  The price is also competitive. Thanks Aukey!
R2BDGKOK2E55P1	5	Works perfectly. Very well built. This thing is great. I was a little skeptical at first, figuring that it would be similar to several other chargers I have purchased  over the years with pitiful results. This is the real deal. The fit and function of the ports is definitely high quality, and it has worked perfectly, even on my picky &#34;device not supported&#34; iPad and iPhone 6.  I would definitely recommend this as probably the last phone charger you'll ever need to buy. Good job Anker!
R2TAZPHH93NF8H	5	Five Stars Purchased for my daughter who wanted to show off the actual phone.  She loves it.
RDW842AQHQU45	3	Frustrating Case is completely water proof however it is difficult to hear people and to press the home button through. Would not recommend as an everyday case...but would be great for maybe camping or fishing trips.
R2X257IMWQRBN7	5	Great product. Just check the size before you buy Great product.  Just check the size before you buy.  Others might see this a bit big and weighty but the capacity is great. Also, there is no instruction for the flashlight feature.  You have to press the power button about 3 seconds, then it will light up.  Same thing when you turn it off.
R3KSRQ3OL23D	3	I like the idea of using this product to give my ... I like the idea of  using this product to give my dog something to chase.  However, it is a little challenging for me to direct. Good news, my son has no problem manipulating this product.
R14OKPK5DXZWQN	5	Five Stars very good. small, fast charge, can charge my old phone battery. (not smartphone) It can charge 3.7v battery.
R3BRLGLD4A9AYX	5	Five Stars Work very well.
R2LJLP9Y96YDH5	5	Very good product. Works exactly as advertised. Very good product.
R3CVFWUVJS3Q4I	3	Three Stars it chipped within the first couple of day of using it
RI8NMENU8P21V	4	Great!! Great!!! Love it, haven't dropped w case on yet so haven't tested it that way but the case is great quality.  but sometimes comes apart
R12M4VRULB9FOZ	1	It didn't cost much but its worth nothing the product came with two lenses rather than three but I could have lived with the two if the lenses worked at all, they don't. The fish eye does indeed distort the image but the increased field of view is limited and the macro lens was useless. I wasn't expecting a great deal from the optics for 5.99 but this kit is useless. The lenses were to used for a kids science project, the kit was useless so I ended up cannibalizing an LED flashlight lens which worked fine. Save your money , don't buy this kit.
R38LZ5TNU7N5SA	1	which was great. However I had high hopes for this battery, after reading all the reviews. I received it 2 days earlier than expected, which was great. However, after it was installed, the battery came with a charge at 26% and would not charge anymore. I tried several chargers, but no luck. This product was a disappointment and a waste of time. Try at your own risk.
R31JPV07T0T2OT	5	Five Stars great
R3DIWODR9EIIT6	4	Four Stars i wish these were a bit longer, i found one at Tuesday mornings that is 6 ft
R1P8TMEJWQXM8V	5	Great Great, works well, attractive
R1CX56MNB7257	5	Five Stars Great quality!
RDJHQFV7BR2PQ	2	Two Stars It compatibale with Samsung and iPhone, but not with ZTE
RLMHNCAFENHXJ	5	Good Nice
R3HVD78VO9FLAV	5	Good product. Came when it said it would. Inexpensive. Good product.
RID1DW1BMGN92	5	Five Stars I haven't hooked it up yet, but if I'm to go by the brand, it definitely seems promising!
R2QD8E0QUH25PW	1	Not waterproof I don't know how they can claim this is water proof. I wore it in the shower by accident once and now it doesn't work anymore.  Update: after letting it dry out for two days it finally works again but I will never ever trust getting it wet even washing my hands or in the shower and unfortunately I will definitely never try to swim with it on.
R2JYM3TELI0ZML	5	Good value Works well for the cost and value if you don't want to sell your arm for a phone case
R203FDQTCDC4N1	3	Decent. Definitely not scratch resistant. Good case overall though. Had it 2 weeks and its heavily scratched already.
R2MC3Z7FCT3G3A	5	I am rough on phone holsters I am rough on phone holsters. These fit my iPhone 6 very well and I order them 2 at a time. They have a belt loop, so I don't lose my phone by it slipping off.
RG83232SR2WK3	5	Five Stars Great product for the price!!
RAZ6SE0H3N1FD	3	Needs more durable bands I love the quad lock, however the little rubber bands break too easily.  Just normal handling of your bike while loading it on your rack or into your vehicle, can cause them to break.  Of course you can use the zip ties, but then the mount does not seem as secure or tight.  There has to be a better way.  For now, I am using old fashioned rubber bands and keep a few of them handy in my bike bag just in case.
R1XVGG74S5C3AY	5	Five Stars Loved it!
R3U25FGYBWQQY9	2	not easy to install not easy to install. if you get one spec of dust on the side that sticks to the tablet it is impossible to get it cleaned.  You would need a 'clean room' to install these.
R1ITZIQNJF0PLY	5	I like: - Been through 3 or 4 drops onto ... I like: - Been through 3 or 4 drops onto carpet with this case, no damage at all. - Sturdy construction - Dust protection for headphone and micro usb port  I dislike: - Plastic case is difficult to slip over the rubber gasket at first - No grip compared to my last (leather) case. The plastic is smooth. I've dropped it a few times because of this. - Buttons are stiff and hard to push until it is broken in (maybe 3-4 months). Even then, you lose some of the tactile feedback of the button. Still worth it.  Note: - I'm not using the plastic screen protector. The Galaxy S3 comes with gorilla glass, so no need.
R3FFB94QJEPTD8	4	Great case with one slight issue. I love this case! The only reason I gave it one less star is because I cannot fit my headphone cord into the hole through the case when I want to listen to music. In order to do so, I have to remove the case.
R27KX0X9ZXG7SD	5	Five Stars Great case. Kickstand works well
R2MWMO5DIOR2Z7	1	One Star didnt fit, I blame nobody except amazon
RDGRBN0WLH3G	4	Good value Seems good only problem so far it is a tight fit and therefore difficult to get off. At least I will not lose it!
R191I2VCWN7CAH	5	This is a very nice case for my iPhone 6 This is a very nice case for my iPhone 6. The phone fits nice and snug and I do not have to worry about it falling out. The case does a great job at protecting the phone from bumps, dings, scraps and scratches. It also does a nice job of protecting the phone from medium drops. I have dropped mine a couple times and the phone came away with no damage. All the cut outs and buttons are perfectly placed so there is easy access to all the ports and the buttons are easy to find and press. I can plug up my charger cable and earphones without having to remove the case. The front of the case has a nice lip around the edge of the screen so the glass never touches any surfaces. The case adds very little thickness to the phone which is a huge plug in my book. The cover is clear so I can see the awesome look of my iPhone 6. It also does not show finger prints or other smudges like other clear cases I have had. The lanyard is a nice touch to a great case. I can now wear my phone around my neck and not worry about dropping it when my hands are full. I purchased this product for a reduced price to make an honest and unbiased review.
R2EL3IIMCOL9OR	4	Pretty, but not as functional as I hoped Pretty and not bad for the price. I'm basically happy with it, but be aware it won't close if you have more than a couple credit cards in its pockets.
RP2W28VB2HYH3	3	These are not the 2a chargers and will not work ... These are not the 2a chargers and will not work with items that require that power input. Not equivalent to the standard power adapter for apple products.
R9S7DDSFWL174	5	Five Stars I love this case.  I will reorder one for every new phone I have.
R18A226000X8OP	5	Five Stars Love it! Fit perfect.
R3DLG0LEJYQF0K	4	Solid for the price, color more neon hot pink than orange! I got it and had to return it because I realized that it wasn't going to protect my phone as well as the otterbox has been...I like the design, but this color is a lot more neon than it shows in the picture. If I could do it all over again, I would go with the light blue I saw somewhere else on Amazon. The back is really slippery, not a lot a grip, but not horrible!
R2Q8FKI3R6BZAD	4	Four Stars Perfect but it's hard to turn the phone on because the button on the case is hard to push.
R2UE0Z3HPFLMHF	5	I love the phone but there's a problem with the battery I love the phone but there's a problem with the battery, it did not charge to the fullest after a week it cannot charge none at all have the phone and cannot use it can you please send me a replacement battery thank you
R1LZUTXPNF9VZT	5	Perfect Perfect
R25RT23766AA7Q	4	cute Very cute, fits phone great and got it day early :)
R2IO68ZY6H2X18	3	Three Stars batteries overheated but probably because the woman cant stay off her phone
R8ZZC51HLN1GD	5	Five Stars works good and charges fast
R16MH2COEW3VZG	4	Four Stars lived Up to my expations
RQFEEU5F22HBX	5	Get this phone now!! Great phone, greater price. 10/10 would get phone again
R37OWZ6FB8G39C	5	Like that my kids can't destroy their iPads now Like that my kids can't destroy their iPads now
RQBHN0O21O078	5	Five Stars Good quality. Can be used as clip on or thru loops. Arrived in just couple of days.
R2U69VOX26ZBP4	5	works as advertised! Takes awhile to charge, but ... works as advertised!  Takes awhile to charge, but can charge many iPhones and other items.
R2NA02BRC2VOC7	5	Five Stars I love mine fits right in my truck
ROTRN5Q2TW23I	5	Recommended. Very high quality product.  Recommended.
R8EBPDE6ATKNL	2	Two Stars Worked for a while, then stopped
R3V2DGCDYI9ALR	5	Worth every penny! The quality of the items are wonderful! I received items within a week and 2 days.
R2G6ZZ8FGY2UD5	4	Four Stars Is good.
RNHQDGXVD9MZY	5	AMAZING! It has kept my phone in one piece ... AMAZING! It has kept my phone in one piece for the last few years. Countless drops and all, it has been a saving grace!
RL308YM6BM3VY	1	One Star Cheep and did not last
R1DBY42JYA6YBL	4	The case is sturdy and eye pleasing The case is sturdy and eye pleasing. It is bulky but manageable more in a purse than a pocket. The clip is handy. Glad my search is over. Worth the price.
R2QLRY1YTNRVN	5	AWESOME--great for parties, weddings This thing is great! Used it at my wedding and it was a lot of fun. Highly recommend. No battery needed and very easy to use! Even bought my dad one!
R2CU1TYWGWCGXF	1	One Star Never fit right
R6CCMF3108B0H	5	Five Stars Great price and charges well
R3S4XEE64T4U3E	5	Stylus that lasts Great stylus to use. Most stylus last about a week with me but this one have been use months and still as new as the day I got it.
RSC3HJT1FOSS0	5	Five Stars The phone case is great and it got here fast.
R2J831TTL2CRCC	3	Worth trying. Pro: much better sound than expected for the price, especially considering it is mostly plastic.  Con: the buttons do not work with any consistency, which is particularly bad when trying to turn off the speaker to preserve power for  the underwelming rechargeable battery that is used (estimated charge of only 4 hours).
R1A3SEGUCDMZF3	5	Five Stars Ok!
R12OQLDMT7CTU4	5	Five Stars perfect for my s5
RI478LRXSN1PC	4	It is not as pastel like as it is in the picture It has been a lovely case so far and taken a lot of falls. It is not as pastel like as it is in the picture, but I still like the color.
RD2JMOMXIRZS0	4	I tried various different phone holders, this is the ... I tried various different phone holders, this is the most solid one. It works well with regular cars. For tall vehicles such as minivans, however, it is a little too low in position.
R2EGQ1QKJC35KY	1	Hard to set up Too complicated!
R4H17UB1TXLLO	5	Five Stars good for price
R150L0REPIKVIP	5	Five Stars Terrific!
R2U0QQI32FGURN	4	Great battery case recharges phone for more than one full ... Great battery case recharges phone for more than one full charge.  Does not sync in battery case. Good protection as a case also.
RNAZJ2Q9L6I04	5	As described no problems Works good, item as specified. Nothing more to say
R2QVWJ3QELTM8G	5	The quality of this case was extremely impressive! I ... The quality of this case was extremely impressive!  I ended up getting two more different colors, was really surprised and will never purchase a case in the store again.... Thanks 😁
RNSOJ2XQLGSZO	3	Charger doesn't fit Looks very good and feels strong but the charger doesn't fit with the case on. Im searching for some new charger that fits with the case on because its very uncomfortable to be opening the case every time the battery goes off
R20VH5LQXIWMSN	5	Great product. Quality Great product. Quality, snug fit. Does a great job holding up to 3 credit cards. Don't bother trying more. Highly recommended.
R2Z1O6SDCASVO9	5	Five Stars This works brilliantly. Well made. Great length for easy carry and does not get tangled up like longer cords.
R60VLV7UQHNBJ	5	Great cover for my Apple watch. I bought the black for my black Apple watch sport. I love how it looks and protects my watch. The price is perfect and the quality is good. Very happy with the product.
R36SWJNR16AI6U	5	Great product for the price Does the job well. Great product for the price.
R1LCESSKMRS46Y	1	My iPad Air immediately didn't like this cord My iPad Air immediately didn't like this cord.  Out of the package, these cords looked impressive with a cool nylon braid inside a plastic outer covering...  I was immediately optimistic, but unfortunately it was an immediate disappointment.  It would barely trickle a charge to the iPad...  As in after 8-10 hours it was still only 70% charged.  Within a few days, the bits comprising the plug head itself (the part that plugs into the tablet) so that then the cord had to be resting just so in order to work at all...  Needless to say I returned it to Amazon and spent a couple bucks more for an Anker brand cord which has performed flawlessly.  In defense of this cord, it does come a 2-pack.  When the first one failed, I just returned the pair and never tried using the second one.  Perhaps they are so cheap to make in China that they just provide two rather than having quality control at the factory!  Although the second cord could have been fine, based on my experiences with the other one, I would absolutely not recommend this product.
R3P2N7AY5D7H6K	5	Just Right Just what I wanted, it fit my 6 inch Garmin perfectly.
R3PQD09E96R6P5	3	Not to bad Small and convenient but you can only really fit 2 or 3 cards in without worrying about ripping the inside. Also doesn't like to stay open. All in all its okay though
ROTVVL31MATT1	4	Pretty much the best bang for buck head unit Pretty much the best bang for buck head unit. Feature-wise it goes toe to toe with all the 600-1k head units out there, and I'm not a hardcore audiophile so the quality it gets out of my stock 2005 Tacoma speakers is phenomenal.  Do NOT buy that $15 bypass thing for the parking brake. Just take the green wire and tape it to the head unit hahaha. Or I loosened a screw and wrapped the wire around it so it's constantly connected to the body of the HU, which grounds it and now I have video all the time. Saves you the trouble of finding which wire in your car is the parking brake wire and tapping into your factory wiring. This is the video that opened my eyes to this: https://youtu.be/hd0rz3iMrPQ?t=1m27s  Pros:   - The menu navigation takes a few min of learning but in general it does make sense and is quite easy   - The customizable color themes means it now matches my interior lights perfectly. EVERYONE asks what the stock radio was like, because it matches factory look so perfectly   - Boot up time is super fast. Pretty much 3-5 sec after ignition til you get audio   - Its bluetooth connectivity with my iphone is even better than my BMW, invoking my phone to start playing music right away. With my BMW I have to pull out my phone and get the music going.  Cons:   - Wish it was easier to figure out when some features are enabled / disabled. For example the AV In/Out is always grayed out for me until randomly it was enabled. The My Vehicle is still disabled for me. Probably RTFM issue.   - It didn't perfectly fit my double-din dash kit for my Tacoma, even though the kit got rave reviews for perfect fitting. So I'm not sure if this thing is just slightly above double-din or my kit is wonky...
R3NYX9D8D8UI84	1	One Star Not charge the phone, after a couple used
RQHA390SRO7JQ	5	Five Stars Excellent Thank You..
R3PUVOJYZGDK9P	5	Five Stars Great case
R2CFY9G7T9S8GY	5	Five Stars Love it!
R21R0GAS3EZTIJ	5	Thumbs up. I have invested in a great product who's price allows everyone to get excellence at low cost. Keep the price low, please. Thank you.
R1GHDY27DNFRGW	4	Four Stars Great protection, but case discolored and looked dirty after only a few weeks.
R3V8TX8OG7HW12	1	After a day I'm going to send it back. ... After a day I'm going to send it back. I can't hear the person on the other end very well and if I turn my head it makes a loud noise.
R3J15ZBTCVVCF3	3	Pretty! But I dropped it once and the had ... Pretty! But I dropped it once and the had portion of the case broke... this was like 2 days after receiving it.
R2YRGOUYMUPN4Q	1	Waste of Money Broke after only about 5 uses.
R1EFIUCUBBXBLK	1	I did not work. It is the second time ... I did not work. It is the second time trying to buy this item. I just wanna give up, i do not even want a refund. I am just gonna buy less items thru here.
R8ZXMVB1KE92X	5	I really like this it fits into my purse and I can ... I really like this it fits into my purse and I can find it because of the color and it does the job!
R14S6QP4374K4A	1	Would not stay on my phone. Accurate description. Fits loosely. Wouldn't buy it again.
R266GU0CLH0HFF	5	cheap protection notter box
RGVWNZZPE1MLS	5	Five Stars Just want I needed for the head unit.
R2WB318R238O13	5	Five Stars Awesome. Better than I even could hope.
R2NZ7V6F3H3EH7	5	I love it! This gives my phone such personality, it fits great, and it is lasting well for the price!
R3HN1412NXJZD1	4	Beautifully done. It's a little difficult to remove once ... Beautifully done. It's a little difficult to remove once it's installed. Feels a little flimsy...but it looks great, It probably doesn't provide any protection to the phone if it falls. Ships from China.
R392KQB7BGBHVX	5	Don't wait - order this now! How have I ever lived without this?!  After 2 days of having it, my mom ended up getting one it white!  One of my top 3 purchases of 2015!
R9ZJXYAXNSBMN	5	The case fits my phone well. I was bike ... The case fits my phone well. I was bike riding, my phone dropped face down in the street, and survived with no damage. I was impressed!
RN34V4523FNKI	3	This one is nice but it did not close all the way This one is nice but it did not close all the way. Plus when talk, I had to use my hand held the case open so it is inconvenience and I do not use it now. I only use it for about a week.
R3KJP18BXL0O6O	1	One Star It had a strong smell to it
R22LSGC5BD5VDT	5	Excellent Excellent
R2QBVOE1TBQMGD	4	works perfect works perfect
R1I8PG8F820A2Q	5	still works great. Hope this was a bit more compact I bought this over a year ago, still works great.  Hope this was a bit more compact, then even easier to carry during traveling.
R1YR2OYZD5MKY3	5	Five Stars Husband likes it
R2V6PPHW0YB21I	5	Wonderful case Great case nice bulky and protects my screen and camera well.
R1WAGVMBY9X4F3	5	Very pleased with this extra battery for my LG G3 cell ... Very pleased with this extra battery for my LG G3 cell phone. Have no complaints. Would recommend it to anyone.
R30FC7JBZR6BHU	4	Was easy to apply Received extremely quick.  Was easy to apply.  I like the feel of the screen much better with the screen protector on.  I just hope it does actually protect the glass from shattering.
R2HLJ29VTR1VG8	5	Five Stars Perfect fit and easy to use.
RIUAYBFUR6Y8X	3	... is as it shoes in the picture and its good. however the iPhone needs to be more snug ... The case design is as it shoes in the picture and its good. however the iPhone needs to be more snug in the case, it seems it a little loose and it can easily be popped out.
RPIUDUXVFOA8H	5	handy and good looking love it-- sturdy and really cute. wish there was someway to attach a wrist strap. with drivers license and credit cards in case, sometimes, that's all I need.
R100KQBKA7KFI2	5	Five Stars great
RSF3KB6LFHEKX	5	Superior Product Even the dealer was envious of this item.
R1PNO2KSHRIP0L	3	Three Stars Little hard to put on phone.
RUR73WA3E90XP	5	Five Stars it was great shipped in a fast time frame. Thanks
R2YGC1N63AW3WQ	5	Product came earlier than anticipated. The batteries seem to ... Product came earlier than anticipated. The batteries seem to hold up just as well as the original LG battery.
R149AKELK11ML	4	Four Stars Good instructions & installation tools. Still hard to install correctly.
RTDQCIFR3HFN3	5	Five Stars I love the sound. Smooth integration with my iPhone and ipad. Everything works as it should be. love it.
RKVDX89L42DAZ	5	Purrrfect! I love this case. Nice and feel solid. I can hold the phone much better because the case gives you more grip and doesn't feel slippery at all. I little hard to take off though, so make sure you have everything set before putting the case on. Otherwise, this is an absolutely excellent case.
R1AXA187XYHZVU	4	it is great. the reason i gave it 4 stars is ... i dropped my galaxy 5 times and there are only three cracks that appear on the screen! imagine if i didnt have this ballistic screen cover?! it is great. the reason i gave it 4 stars is due to the diffaculty of installation. You cannot take it off and readjust the cover it wont stick again. other than that its great if you hav invested in a phone.
R3UKDXH22X06QX	5	Installed easily. Video was a nice touch Installed easily.  Video was a nice touch.
RTXYXR6G93JU6	5	Awesome Perfect delivery time, excellent product
R36OHL79KQASCF	4	good but a litte hard to get off I am actually pretty happy with it. It does what it says it does and it came with a waterproof bag that I can put a hook on if I do water sports or anything on the water! It does on the other hand become really hard to open once its sealed on your iPod.
RPQJBSRQI5NLB	2	Two Stars The case seemed to attract dirt... Product is just ok
R3JKTLAPINT6Y9	2	The cover itself is still holding together. However, ... The cover itself is still holding together.  However, the camo image started wearing off immediately, just by putting it in his pocket. I took maybe a month or so before it was unrecognizable. It is now just silver.
RKH2LZW64L3QK	5	I liked this brand so much that I purchased another case ... I liked this brand so much that I purchased another case for a different phone. It resembles the Outer Box.
RFF3FX26TDON1	5	Five Stars Excelent product, best price
R251DMOKRMK6NT	1	One Star Nice throw away item.
R3QX3S4CF2IBXC	5	Provides excellent Much nicer and solid that any other case I've used. Provides excellent protection
RIRGP1PPGB9L6	2	You get what you pay for. Works, but clunky to use.  NOT INTUITIVE...
R1I66A99C2UOZZ	5	Five Stars Very practical device Thank you
RYH07EC62ETBA	5	Five Stars Great deal! Love the length and definitely charges quickly!
R3DJ7U8SM3L5WK	5	Looks exactly like the picture Looks exactly like the picture, comes with lanyard. Tested with paper towels and other various paper items. Works just fine. Just be sure to completely close the top.
RXHLIZ144HIPX	5	Five Stars Great case for a great price!
R12GK5QD81Q6L9	5	Five Stars Husband love the length and sturdiest Of cord
R3HE3T28BRM7VP	1	This case is horrible I just received it yesterday and it is already ... This case is horrible I just received it yesterday and it is already coming apart this is complete bull s***
R2LOWCL4KFK4T	5	My daughter is extremely satisfied with this case My daughter is extremely satisfied with this case. Fits the iPod Touch 5 perfectly and provides a better grip. Colors are bold and match well with the original pink color of the unit.
R3GS5LC8RZRLMD	5	Five Stars Exc product
R2P003IE7WYQZC	5	Five Stars Excellent stylus - my favorite
R1XW9PTI1F6R1I	4	Four Stars For the price its great.
R8LOPSZ3I6BB7	5	Five Stars It fit nicely and worked well.
R8CAKG9IZVZ9P	5	Great deal Great adapter to use in the car, both kids can watch the same movie at the same time
R1VFLNUR14L34A	5	I've used this at a water park, amusement park ... I've used this at a water park, amusement park, and the beach. The Velcro strap stay on my arm for all of the roller coasters and I was able to record the ride. I had it in the ocean completely submerged at some point and it worked! Some water got into the top plastic sealing part but that was it. It never got to my phone. Totally worth it!
R6DEHK8J088OS	5	Satisfied Arrived quickly and saved my phone!
R2SSBJKQUXLUIZ	1	One Star Fall apart and break on the micro usb side. Do not buy this brand.
R2BDS3PY8Q3BDS	5	Five Stars easy to apply. great product
R298M572JSUSN5	5	Five Stars cool on hand
R1MPVA43VXNOI6	1	One Star Too bad this arrived with a broken piece inside 😕
R2NV6KRRV3OFWS	4	Great Case! The fit is great and does a wonderful job at protecting my phone. What I don't care for is how it makes pushing the volume and power button difficult.
R2P60QX7N3GQRH	5	Still great It's excellent. Just wish it came with a clip
R1O8QXCF48I3PC	5	Five Stars Great case
R3IZBF5SKZGUUG	5	Five Stars love the colors
R1FVALBV0XKUF0	5	Five Stars Great purchase.
R22D255X9TQVZ7	3	Doesn't fit my cell. The product is nice but doesn't fit my phone, which is a Samsung Galaxy Note Edge. I rated it a 3 because of the inconvenience of having to return it.
RN59WOMPHB181	5	Five Stars Great screen protector.
RNO0RHNGAGMNQ	2	Wrong size and it'll cost more to send it back ... Wrong size and it'll cost more to send it back then it did to buy it. I'm gunna sell it on ebay. Lol
R19K37CVWYHIOG	4	Four Stars Very glittery Loved it.
RMICWOCCTY2KB	4	Arrived fast. I gave it four stars because it ... Arrived fast. I gave it four stars because it don't always turn the phone off when shutting case you still need to shut it off manually.
ROII2FRN115D	4	Very nice for small arms It is ok, except I have to restrap it everytime.  Other than that is excellent.  The strap is not big enough to strap around my bicep, but fits the forearm.
R3F011KLZGA64S	5	I have been amazed at how great this has been for my phone I have been amazed at how great this has been for my phone. I took my time, followed the directions carefully to apply the screen.  I can't tell its on the phone, but I feel it has saved my screen unlimited times.  I think careful application is the key.  This screen has surpassed all the screens I had on my other phones.
ROZ3A515L7DC9	1	One Star It did not fit my phone, and also looked cheap.
R1VED2DKYPOVVT	5	Five Stars Thank you for this great product. Item was as described and I still have it on my phone.
RTWMH0BG4TTM6	5	Love it! But over time Love it!  But over time, there will be dye transfer from your jeans if you are the type to put in your back pocket :)
R3KABFMQ5R8IXJ	5	Acase I love the way this cover looks and fits my phone.
R2ODR9VXH7XXWV	3	it still works fine when plugged into a wall mount Purchased this item on June 4th, 2014. It worked perfectly until two weeks ago when it stopped working when attached to my laptop. For whatever reason, it still works fine when plugged into a wall mount.
RLXY8H6H4RNSB	4	Good FM transmitter with great potential. I have an old car and with no AUX port or bluetooth. I have tested few bluetooth FM transmitter and the latest one is the Rii Geartist GB01.  The box includes a magnetic back GB01, magnetic backplate sticker & dual car charger. Below are few pros and cons which will help you figure if this product is good for you.  PROS: 1. Packing is frustration free so it good. 2. The design is smooth and nicely done. 3. Its got volume control with channel changer, dedicated FM signal button and a button to accept calls and pause them. 4. Bright FM signal numbers. 5. Good signal once you find an empty one in your local area.  CONS: 1. I faced static sound issues after I started driving my car even once the GB01 was connected. After some driving distance the static lowered and I had to bump up the volume for a better sound.  Lastly I would say that this product is good and has great potential to give you endless musical experience.  Note: I got this product to test and provide my unbiased opinion
R2KRVNRGSZG83S	1	Don't waste your money! It was so bad that it's hilarious! I got two completely different watches! Tried to get a refund and it did not even happen. Such a waste!!
R1CZMD1ATBREA4	5	convenient little kit nice little kit - can always use various size cables
RWB3053ILLR13	5	Great for road trips I only use it on road trips and so far it works great as long as I have a cell tower signal.
R27SSEJ5NF2SV9	1	Don't bother with this... Poorly made. Refund is worthless as they charge as much to return it as the original cost. Don't bother with it...
RQCDTP96XXPD5	1	Don't Purchase!!! Terrible, Horrible and a total waste of money... I purchased these for my husband who is in his mid 50's ... Daily activity is walking the dog both morning and evening whilst listening to music.... He complained that the sound is not great quality but it's ok because he plays it low enough to hear his surroundings... The quality of the product felt firm when removed from the package..The problem is the ear hooks, which, from after two weeks usage, started becoming loose and falling off... Due to the design, with the connecting cable.. my husband was very careful with these headphones. It appears as if the weight of the headset was too much for the hooks, or the way the hooks sre connected should be improved... Now I have to purchase him another bluetooth headset ....
R1KT89MNQ2790I	1	One Star Does not fit HTC phone
R2CXZ8KZGCS8O4	1	Will work!! For a couple days Got these cables because they said they were guaranteed and had a lifetime warranty.  They work for about a week then break.  Have been sent replacement cables which work for about a week then break.  The company kept me on the hook long enough so I went past the 30 rerun date with Amazon.  They suck don't buy them
RT9X6W0JEPP7Y	1	Useless phone. Battery died after one charge only.Useless phone.
RYNE93GQVKFN6	5	Five Stars Everything ok
R1PVKAJAFUJNTQ	4	Four Stars It protected my phone and also look goods .
R3QMAQCB28OJBJ	3	Looks better in pictures Was expecting something sturdier, but instead it's a piece of plastic that's painted silver.  Looks better in pictures.
R21RKKRRJ3KUTF	3	When I try to charge battery through the solar panels ... When I try to charge battery through the solar panels, the battery light increases to 3 blue bars but later goes back to 1 blue bar. Is the battery not charging or is it losing battery?
R3OH077ICI7ZJ0	3	SSL EV4.1600 goes into protection mode Purchased the 4 channel 1600 watt version.  Ran it for a week just running my door speakers and worked flawlessly.  Easy to install, easy to tune and sounded good on my door speakers.  Once I added a single 10&#34; subwoofer, the amp would go into protection mode.  Amp claims it is 2 ohm stable, but it is now.  I was running a single 10 with dual 4 ohm voice coils and when you have the volume up and the bass hits, the amp shuts down.  Amp sounded good when it was running, but doesn't last very long.  Probably works great with subs in 4 ohm, but does not work in 2 ohms.
R2F2EUL2DW3VRU	4	A nice sleek iPhone 6 case by Collen Most of us have probably been there before. You reach into your pocket to grab you phone and it takes off and goes for a tumble. Well we all learn our lesson eventually and need to find us a nice case to keep it safe.  The Collen iPhone 6 case offers two layers of protection. The first is the silicone layer that covers the phone. The second is a hard plastic exterior to assist with drops and scratches and keep the silicone layer tightly in place. I do mean tightly. This is one of the tightest cases I have seen yet to have such a great fit.  I love these sleek cases. They keep the iPhones footprint as small as possible to squeeze it into your pockets yet still add a nice protection to it.  It also comes with a kick stand on the back to keep the iPhone upright will watching a video or such. That feature has won the approval of my son. This part worries me a little. Every time I have an item with a small plastic kick stand the plastic brace always seems to break off like it did on my iPad recently.  I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review
R3V0FFRC00CUIW	5	I loved the GS3 when it was new but it's been ... I've been using this phone for a few weeks now after switching off my Galaxy S3.  I loved the GS3 when it was new but it's been showing its age and slowing down tremendously.  The LG G3 is a great successor.  It's mostly vanilla Android which is great but there are a few cool features I use a lot.  1) double tap on the screen to turn on/off - love not having to feel around the back for the power button only to (inevitably) press on the camera lens (if there was any downside to the design, that would be it.  Circular power button just below the circular camera?  not smart, LG) 2) This was a one time setup thing, but using NFC to pull my settings and apps from my GS3 to the G3 was awesome and such a time saver.  Well done, Android!  One more thing, I was looking at this phone over some of it's competitors mostly to get the best camera in an android phone and this does not disappoint.  It has taken crystal clear pictures.  I really like the camera interface and I like how I can use hand gestures to take the picture.  This makes taking a selfie with my baby to send to my wife a snap (HA! get it?).
RM6MVA2W8U628	4	Four Stars This cable works as expected and looks great, however it is a little too stiff.
R1Z56934KW5J5K	5	Five Stars Love love love it
RHXMJEC0A4BCB	4	its great the ear piece is excellent
RY5S62JSOBBL	5	Great radios.  Nice range. Great radios.  I used them a couple of weeks ago when I went on a road trip and some offroading.  On open highway/freeway, you get around 3/4 to 1 mile line of sight range.  The radios have a loud, clear volume unlike the FRS radios that you can get.  I used them for hours without the batteries wearing down.  I bought the programming cord for them too but have not programmed them.  I have not used them indoors so I do not know how far they will transmit.  If you have been looking for a really great set of 2 way radios, these are the ones to get.
R23XXMHEBQ60CN	5	Five Stars I get compliments on these all the time.
R34TI0JF6D0DHC	3	love the case but its a little bit too hard ... love the case but its a little bit too hard to make it fit so on one side is not really fixed right
R45QCJEOOOAK	5	Five Stars As expected
R3R2OCUODW1WTO	5	Five Stars Fits well and looks great
R26WB4E5M0FA2V	3	Worked well at first but then seemed to have glitches ... Worked well at first but then seemed to have glitches.  Won't always charge when attempting, but when it does charge, it works as expected.  For the money, maybe worth it, as it is 1/4 the price of other products.
R1HBK5BG43A457	1	Very protective. Easy to install but time consuming. Works much better then other products. Be patient when installing.  Editing: the screen protector only lasted a few days before the corners started rolling up and coming off.
R22UHUF04QZYKL	5	Great for the price Great for the price! Easy to install. I've used the regular screen protectors on every iPhone I've have but I like this one way better.
R3I2O1X13DH8KK	3	Three Stars Nice product
R10PNKLTVWC358	5	This works great. It charges both my iPhone 5 and iPad ... This works great.  It charges both my iPhone 5 and iPad 4 very quickly and with no problems.
RFCO5T9F96SKH	3	Pretty useless to me I am sure there is nothing wrong with the battery but it doesn't fit in my iPod. Pretty useless to me.
R354HZK3QVIL5J	5	Five Stars love it :)
R1ZFLBNQQ13GCK	5	Five Stars Fits perfectly.  Very cute
R55C0PPM9ANZY	4	Just what I was looking for, Just what I was looking for, but had to add my own adhesive belt clip cause this only comes in a wallet version
RU1LI3QONLMFD	5	Five Stars Durable and sturdy
R2FNC8QVQBK2J7	5	Quality product, appears secure. High quality and makes me confident about the security of my phone while using.
R1JCDXI1YRI0CJ	5	Five Stars Easy to assemble and use.  Very sturdy.
R9EBRCO2LHV24	2	The sound is excellent, and they fit my ear (few earbuds do) I've had four pair. The sound is excellent, and they fit my ear (few earbuds do). The problem I've had with every one is that despite all my best efforts, they all eventually shorted out. The weakness is in the cord where it leaves the plug. Normal wear and tear bending will ruin it in a few months. I've managed to make them last up to 6-7 months by wrapping that part of the cord in electrical tape, but it looks like crap and eventually fails anyway. After two years and $160+ (I got one store to replace a set without charge), I'm ditching the brand and looking elsewhere. Such great sound and a solid fit, but if they can't manage to engineer a cord that doesn't break, it's an expensive and useless gadget.
R1J39UBCEX5WAZ	5	Five Stars Love!!!!!  ***UPDATE - 6 months later and I still LOVE!!!  My phone goes everywhere I go, room to room, inside outside, so it gets handled a lot. And this case can handle it!! It still looks new. Not one loose stitch, pockets still tight.  Magnet still strong. You do have to open clutch to take picture, which at times bothers me - but I am not a big picture taker so no biggie.  No longer carry purse cause this has all my personal id's, credit cards that I need. I am very impressed with this case and would buy again!!
R29E0DQ2AG16KH	5	Fun and functional Very nice case. The rim sticks out past the front of the case a little, so your screen is protected if you place it face-down on a table. Fits snugly and never falls off, yet easy to remove if you need to access the battery, sim, or SD. Liked it so much, my mom just bought one (although she had to get a different pattern, since this particular one is now out of stock). I highly recommend this case, as well as all other colors and patterns of the same mode.
R159CQP0P45QFA	5	Five Stars To big
R2BO0H4I7IOGCT	4	havent used it yet but seems like a good product that will do the job Just recieved it today , havent used it yet but seems like a good product that will do the job.
R3N2SY2AJQTK2J	5	The design is great. The phone fits really snug I just received it and haven't used it yet.  The bluetooth paired and works.  The design is great.  The phone fits really snug.  It appears that it will work well.  It is nice quality.
R26T1SHMI1VHMA	5	Worth every penny Great product fast delivery.
R1G0FDR3Z1MMZD	2	Two Stars didn't fit well
R2UE45XEDFUQQS	1	One Star no use at all, screen break in the third day. will never buy this again
RLKOUMELRQYBJ	5	Five Stars Its amazing, loves it.
R3ND84UWNN86JA	3	Good price but no detail on the map Good price but no detail on the map. It only shows water and land - that's it!  No fathom lines, no buoys or channel markers, nothing.  The fish finders and side view work surprisingly well for the price.  Their main limitation is that the screen is small but that's part of the package so it's not really a complaint.
RC4LJ1Y4G9Y5K	5	Five Stars Very nice. Thank you
R1Y1UM8Y78TRGD	5	Five Stars Awesome!
R1882YD5YZI5S4	4	Decent phone case Bought it for my wife and it seems to be a decent case, and she loves purple.
R2XV8DMVZWIQQ9	1	Keep shopping Never worked anywhere.
R1GBH7W5R2ATNY	5	Five Stars excelente.
R2D4AO61GSFKMS	5	Sturdy case for iPhone 6 This is a very sturdy case for the iPhone 6.  It comes in 2 pieces...a black rubber case and then a pink (or whatever color you choose) plastic cover.  The case has port covers for the charging port and the silent button which will keep sand/crumbs/etc. out of the ports. I really like it.
RS9UWUB9XOIGT	5	Sonic fast delivery!! Ordered on Saturday and received it on Monday!
R24S63EGO2QYKU	4	Overall nice case, protects the screen when it's in my ... Overall nice case, protects the screen when it's in my pocket (mainly what I was looking for). My one complaint is the flap that holds the cover shut. The seam at the edge rubs against the phone every time you close it (that tension is what keeps it shut), and seems to be causing quite a bit of wear over a short time (just over a month as of writing), making me question just how long this case will last.
R1GTPLWHG57NNZ	3	Good Quality. Poor cutouts. This case has good quality feel to it, the color is true to the picture displayed. But the reason for the 3 stars, the charger outlet is hard to access with the case still on. I have to remove the case first before I can charge my phone. Another reason is that the case is hard to put on my Note 2.  Compared to other cases purchased from Amazon this is in my Top 5.
R1EY98V3XCZCWY	5	Doesn't Leak You can use all of the phone features while it is in the waterproof bag.
R1H5DCB9LKAPXT	5	Five Stars Its great one
R3CHMT470NEQ2H	5	Really easy install with included guide Absoultely perfect. the included install guide makes this super easy to install. Comes with everything needed to install: clean, dry, guide, and holder. A+++ I got this at a discount for my honest review but even full price is good price for the quality compared to other brands. All my comments and feedback are my own opinion. Any questions I'll do my best to answer
R3I08AE0N9B48E	5	Five Stars Fast delivery, works well
REC4DSGJWAPD0	5	... beach a few times and i feel a lot better about using it near sand and I have brought mine to the beach a few times and i feel a lot better about using it near sand and water
ROISY8JIQ4AGI	4	So far so good. Strong hold bendable bar could be stiffer but ... So far so good. Strong hold  bendable bar could be stiffer but it works good
RVPLU7M1SZ5CU	5	Five Stars Not a bad idea to a spare!! Great product.
RVCBBD7O97YWZ	5	Five Stars low price, high quality
R128PYVNH6ZUZD	2	Not all there... Chinese ??? Have not used all of the cables yet. First one did not work  (to charge from a computer) until paired with a wall charger unit.
R12UXBJGRH90GL	5	Protection, Great Design I really like this case. It's not bulky at all, it's slim and sleek. The case offers protection, great design and the sense of security knowing that your case is durable. It's simple to put on phone and doesn't interfere with plugging in charging cables or headphones. This case also comes with a kickstand built in the back. The kickstand is sturdy and does it's job. Not to mention, it came with a tempered glass screen protector and screen wipes.  I received this product for free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
RT7KTQ99YDE2R	5	A great purchase! This thing is great. I bought it because I spend a lot of time on a kayak fishing. I like to have my phone readily available but would hate to have to replace it because it got wet or I dropped it in the lake so this waterproof pouch is the answer. It works excellent!
R12DVFUILTMA0V	5	Five Stars excellent
R1JDIR3H8MXTWN	3	Three Stars like it
R2140KRH1TJDY9	5	soooo cute Love my ill panda buddy hangin out on top my phone..lol
R1SM0KYSL0GTUR	5	worth! amazing results, and i love their customer service.
R1HQBSWBLAAHS7	4	Four Stars Works as intended
R26GT80XQ6H57V	5	Five Stars fast delivery, totally satisfied
R3Q4DTW1RXZU8W	5	Five Stars nice case
R3A6DLZ239PD6G	5	Five Stars It works well for me being a trucker it gives me all the shortest routes
RUNGE3ZAHD8S4	5	Five Stars Worked out great, thanks. Mounted on three of my four phones.
R3U16T7OXAJ8JJ	5	Great product. Even  Better price!  :) Great product
RAE1U9W91S8UA	5	Great wallet case! I've had this case for about a month and it has been great so far! Really happy with this product.
R2QYPDH30QWU9X	5	Five Stars Fit really good
R1OLV2ASJWRFZL	1	One Star Its hard to get on and my screen protector is bubbling up,and it's hard to get on...worst case ever I have to buy a new case and screen protector.
R22ACBPNBCQFLU	5	Five Stars Perfect case !!!!!!!!!
R341VBMR5GJOGV	1	One Star It came with no usb cable at all.
R2OXN3HVWM63KJ	5	Five Stars Quick delivery and they seem to take more charges before wearing out
R1QXPWQNRVNSO4	5	Perfect for multiple charging of devices Perfect for charging 2 kindles, my Bose rechargeable headphones and my MP3 player simultaneously
RLYI15C27CYCZ	5	It works great. The kickstand is also a plus Got this case a few months ago, It works great. The kickstand is also a plus!
R2AZS6CABN62UU	1	Meh. This shield is pretty crappy for the nexus took me awhile to get it installed. Then it doesn't cover much of the phone. I ended up getting an intelliAmor Pro for the nexus 6 it's a better fit on the phone.
R3F23L38Y0I4OW	4	Four Stars Have to be careful to assemble on the dock station.
R2SNZEAH8IKHE8	5	Five Stars Good for the price you pay.
R2BEYWTXRWDN8A	1	HEY, DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!! This product is complete trash. I ordered this months ago and it still is not at my house and on my apple watch. I contacted the seller and I get all these BS excuses like &#34;oh to get you the best product we are going to take weeks on end to ship this to you&#34; this seller is Untrustworthy and incapable of making proper sales DO NOT BUY, there are better ones out there who's seller is capable of satisfying a consumer. Trust me SELLER IS GARBAGE AND PRODUCT IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!
R2SZG63EVWE8G0	5	Excellent. It keeps all my electronics charged at all ... Excellent.  It keeps all my electronics charged at all times.  I don't have to keep looking for AC outlets at the airport.  Furthermore, I heard that some public phone charging outlets may be stealing people's data when they plug in to charge.
R2PRX7H7NMURKY	5	Five Stars Awesome!!
R1UB00LWGSP66	5	Five Stars Looks great with my gold iPhone
R4YTL8YWBKJMX	4	Four Stars Works really well.
REGYKCWTOUQ1Y	1	Don't buy this! Self-destructed very quickly, not worth the effort to return.
RJRCPN22N4SP7	2	Cheap both in price and in quality Cheap both in price and in quality
R2AQID4CGAJ5L7	5	I highly recommend if you're that person that wants to be reminded ... I purchased this to hep me keep track of my steps but it has many additional benefits.  I highly recommend if you're that person that wants to be reminded not to get stuck at your desk too much or to do better about going to bed.
R1NAZABA8GFCR7	1	DISAPPOINTES IT CAME IN BROKEN AND THE BACK OF THE CASE WAS SCRATCHED UP
R2CTU6TO0NLHQ3	4	good deal slips off occasionally but otherwise no complaints, fits well, good quality, durable, keeps my phone safe. color as pictured.
R30MNB2QVY9U9K	1	WAY too difficult figuring out how to use the product ... WAY too difficult figuring out how to use the product.  I've essentially abandoned the product and wrote it off as a failed experiment.
R3MX2VV2W23887	5	Perfect Fits my Samsung 5 perfectly, and is roomy.
R2DNL8QWR81Y5N	4	Four Stars all in all works well. Sometimes clarity is a problem but for the most part it works well
R3MJ172YJEZ9T0	1	Stopped working and charging error notification after a month Charger worked well while it lasted, after about a month of use it stops working and iPhone 6+ says the wire is not compatible with phone for charging...
RUX59O14FMUFO	5	Five Stars Best value for price!
R3SKYWBJWXAKYI	5	Worked much better than expected at this price! Worked much better than expected at this price. Especially the clear pictures with the macro lens are a delight!
R1MSJZ7Y9D09KC	5	Five Stars Fast and very accurate
R1O95VXUUYK33F	1	One Star I got a two pack and neither screen would stick down along the rounded edges of watch screen.
R2UCU75ED75LOD	4	Four Stars Does what it is supposed to do.
R352HWCKZD0R4G	3	Great in the beginning, but not a permanent solution. Worked decently well for the first couple months, but took too long to charge with solar power from the beginning. Seeing these other people say that it takes 3-4 hours to charge with solar power is shocking to me! Also, after three months of conservative use, one of the USB ports detached and completely came out with my USB cable. Thankfully it has two ports for a USB cable so I'm backed up. It charged my phone really well but these other shortcomings would prevent me from buying one of these again.
R1SF46Q5I0C284	5	Nice find. So much easier to hear on the iPhone using this. Nice find.
R19ZM0IIZLXUKB	5	must have for samsung s6 Amazing product, will buy this over any other glass protector
R1R04FP4DD6JW5	5	Band exceeded my expectations. I was a little concerned about the quality of this band after reading the reviews.  So far, the band is great.  I installed perfectly and the quality of the leather and buckle are nice.  I was a little worried about the length of the band, wondering whether I'd have enough band to tuck into the loop when buckled.  I was using the 3rd hole from the end of the sport band that came with the watch.  Turns out the new leather band is plenty long and I'm using the 5th hole from the end, so there is a good 1.5&#34; of band to tuck into the loop.  I'd definitely give this product a try, especially given the price compared to the Apple band.
RLTSODVS2VGEJ	4	Works Great! Great Product
R20QUI5ZY8PRW2	5	Samsung Galaxy S4 - 2nd purchase - Love It! This is my second purchase of this product. I bought this for my Samsung Galaxy S4. I accidently dropped my phone face down on concrete and several other times without anything cracking. The first break to this glass cover was a direct hit from the corner of a cement counter top. It hit the top edge and made a chip in the cover. I left it in place because it was minor damage and barely noticeable. This did compromise the integrity of the screen protector and I did get several more cracks in it over the next 3 months from more drops/bangs. I finally decided it had too many cracks and needed replaced so I bought another one. Installation is a breeze and the fit is great. I like how shiny it is. Much cheaper than repairing a phone or replacing the cracked screen. I highly recommend this product.
R5OMJA8M0HPY4	5	Magnet not an issue. Works great.  Only concern was the magnetic affect on the phone.  I took a chance and a few months later all well.  It works perfect.  I love it.
R31YKBANGMJUMW	5	Highly recommended! Fit perfectly! Highly recommended!
R38HYVBB4X583Y	4	Great value! For the price (I paid $12 for a 4-pack), these cant be beat. They seem to be standard quality, not as heavy duty as the Amazon branded cables, but they're decent and do the job and at $3 apiece, I'm quite happy with them.
R1QWOHX5WAY111	5	very happy Delivered on time.... Clean, fully charged, very happy
R1DSBMLCJ9QJ8T	5	Protects really good. My daughter loves it. Protects really good.
R1NBZZZXWKZ8Q0	5	foxy Hanging on my Emma Fox bag as jewelry.So cute .Very sparkly.His little tail wiggles.Love him.
RHLKX5FCHG3RF	5	Saves the phone This cover is amazing. It lasted with for about a year and it protected the phone so much. Love it . Great for the price.
R1T4JQCHQJ1IEB	4	works very well! I was iffy when ordering this product, but i like the minimalism of it and decided to give it a shot. It holds my iphone 5s very well and i have no worries of it falling. On issue is that since it is on the air vent, it does block the air flow since the phone is in the way. Other than that, I have no experienced anything bad about the item and have recommended it to others!
RCDDIMCVSEGC4	1	dont waste your time It broke with less then a month of use while holding a gps going down a smooth paved road. Waste of money.
R2CTHWNFWCL2OU	5	Works perfectly sounds great. However something I didn't know was that if ... Works perfectly sounds great. However something I didn't know was that if you start to get static put your phone on airplane mode.
RPK9XIJXF9P6D	5	Five Stars These are great.
R10QATHHBZRMLX	2	You get what you pay for. As is typical, these barely work.  I got what I paid for.
R2QSST45VYPNVJ	5	My daughter is in love with her lil gadgets headset My daughter is in love with her lil gadgets headset..we purchased the pink ones and had a little technical issues the second day of use, contacted lil gadgets and Jason was excellent in helping resolve the issue and best customer service I've experienced in a long time..unlike other customers the sound is perfect it works off my child's volumn controls..the fit is snug and perfect they can even fit my 8 years old head and go right back being snug on my 3 year old...I would recommend easily to anyone and actually plan on purchasing more for our other 3kids for our upcoming road trip..
R3J6DN7T3LESJV	5	Perfect in style and functionality Perfect fit. Compliments from everyone
R3TIYDU30OFKHT	5	Five Stars It's great once you learn how to use it.
R2XMP05IZ7A1TL	5	Five Stars Fits controllers well
R3BA6AU2HAUE9A	5	Great Product, speedy delivery, NO PROBLEMS! Great Product, speedy delivery, NO PROBLEMS!
R2SD0QGPH9GXTA	5	Five Stars Very Happy
R12MONJRTBKPHE	3	Three Stars The case was great... Just the screen protector had a fold in and couldn't use it.
R3I8PUCMQHO0QB	5	Five Stars Excellent
R1H3KCIQJPEE80	1	Worked beautifully ONE TIME! DISAPPOINTING!!!!!! Awful, awful, awful! I used twice! I went on a jet ski tour and it kept my phone safe and secure for my trip BUT when i opened it after the trip, I couldn't reseal it to use it again....What a tremendous disappointment! This happened conveniently after the 30 day return policy had just ended! What a waste!
RE714VYSRQUL0	5	Five Stars Fits very well!
R1TPRWBDCZ7W7X	5	Just do it! My phone charges super fast when connected to this in my truck. Not sure if it's a product of this device, or the power coming from the truck, or both, but I highly recommend it.
R3MMFUNLM66UJO	4	The screen protector was very easy to apply The screen protector was very easy to apply.  If you don't have a good case it does lift if your rough with your phone. Overall it's a good product and I would purchase it again
R11Z6Q5VJSNT8K	2	Fair design, not a perfect fit the rubber case it too big, so the outer shell &#34;hard case&#34; cannot be used with it.  It is a so-so design, truly not perfect.
R1O80GTTJZF3B5	5	Five Stars My daughter loves it
RMY6ADGMRSVCA	5	Five Stars it works awesome
R256FTOZX6EV3B	2	Lovely design albeit on thin wood Beautiful concept, not at all practical though. The audio port is too narrow to fit any jack, considering drilling it out. The jigsaw like piece that fits the two halves together is flimsy in design and would be best glued together once you've committed to the case.
R1DQDTZXQQJSKD	4	Four Stars Pretty good quality. About the sound you would expect from this price but no problems with it at all.
RJYZQN5VJTF5T	5	Love the way this bluetooth fits I can wear this all day.  Love the way this bluetooth fits!  This is my second one since I lost my first one.
RI1G6QIAUIB4I	5	Great charger. I really like that it is 6 ... Received this product for review. Great charger. I really like that it is 6 feet long. Its perfect for laying in bed if you don't have an outlet close to your bed. I noticed it seemed to charge faster than other cords that I have bought off of amazon. Overall I think this is a great prodcut!
R3I2QOA8J41MIU	5	Love the way if fit had no issues at all Sleet and handsome design make this case a winner for all. Love the way if fit had no issues at all.
R5TTASGDJJ1X9	3	Three Stars clip broke as soon as it was caught on the table so I do not have a workable holster
R2UIASH80CNQZV	5	Five Stars Good price for a good case
RGLV6LF8J9WOK	5	Five Stars this case is truly beautiful. will recommend to other friends
R2XU2W5Q5H7NED	5	... case for two days now and so far so good, it fits nice and snug on my S4 ... Had the case for two days now and so far so good, it fits nice and snug on my S4 and though it may not be as sturdy as my OtterBox it is less bulky.
R1UTOT8007BZ2J	1	One Star Did not like these one ear was louder then the other did not stay in my ear
R2ECYZ6TPVRA56	2	Two Stars really bad sound quality.
R2R3IYRT7IW7EA	3	Scrates Scratces are you there? Very amusing to play with.....got serval compliments. Gave it 3 stars because it's not as protected as I thought...also not all the liquid fits in the little compartment....the case also scratches VERY easy....you can't see it unless you really look at it but noticable...haven't even dropped it just from getting in out of my pocket.....
R184MQ009B4OYG	5	Five Stars Product as described with good instructions and easy application.
RE7DZGTIAIJRQ	5	brightly coloered and strong I really love these chargers! I was looking for something very long to allow for plenty room to move while charging. The covering on the wire is like a paracord type wrapping which provides a feeling of strength. The end that plugs into the ipad is very flexible without bending to break wires within.
R5NS2XNEKB02V	5	Five Stars just what I wanted
R3EHQF7Q494I4X	4	its attached perfect with my iphone very good watch 4 stars and not 5 because the watch gets to my hands 16 days later but, its attached perfect with my iphone very good watch!!
R2LSRNOWE9ZSYB	3	Can be a pain The arm can be a little awkward and it sometimes drops if the phone is too heavy.
R2CHVT9UGJ7O31	3	Good Value for $ Better than most, though the edging on the leather has already begun to come off (just on the magnetic strap).  I enjoy it and it's probably the best value for the money, but if you find a better quality one, go with that.
R2HD9TP7T1ZBKL	1	do not buy! Terrible!!!!!!  You cant see the screen if the sun is shining.  I had to reset it so many times because it would go blank or freeze.  It was so aggravating.  If my child wouldnt have thrown away the box It would be sent back ASAP
RWLRK1GBW1DM4	5	very pleased with this product very pleased with this  product. i purchased this cover from a different company in pink. great protection and very durable
R3HGKHYW11WGCA	4	Four Stars Love them
R1KS25J9L58H56	5	Seemed a little stiff to slide at first but once used a few times it is fine. Holds a credit card and drivers license perfectly!  Seemed a little stiff to slide at first but once used a few times it is fine.
RW29A460ZKH17	5	Would recommend. Was worried would be a bit bulky but it's no bigger than my old lifeproof case. Would recommend.
R2VCH2XXCC1RO	5	Five Stars I found to be great to have when walking
R3IQC8NS0608JM	5	Jacks works now This is a phenomenal case! I bought this to replace a case that was not able to handle my headphones. This case has solved that difficulty and it’s very thin yet constructed to protect the Galaxy S6 with none of the bulk.  I got a glass screen protector and I feel more secure as long as it doesn’t fall in a river. Additionally I love the clear color.
R2BXR89HYF3POS	1	DONT LET THE CUTENESS FOOL YOU! I HATE THE FACT THAT THIS THING ISNT DURABLE! ITS CUTE AND CONVIENT BUT DOESNT LAST LONG
R3PSTQ845SHSFU	5	high quality case Just amazing!!! Just amazing!!!! I need it to protect my new note 5 and man! it does its job, I a little bulky, but, better than other cases. great product and affordable price.
R3GJ9ABGBSZ9JZ	5	Great case! Pretty and protects!!
R2L4C6VVHKZD1H	5	Five Stars This is the best Bluetooth I've ever bought it lasts hours and u don't even feel it
R2SD8WXOT05R7R	1	Pretty but it's going back Despite being listed as a hard case - this case is not worth the price. Even if it was $2 at 5Below it would be overpriced. The &#34;hard&#34; case aspect does not even stay snapped shut without an iPod in it. Drop it from even the smallest height and it will crack. Not worth it. Pretty but it's going back.
RCNRNHA6HR558	5	Great case This w=is a great case. It's clear but protects the phone well. Got a quick delivery, on Sunday even.
R3OZ0HF1W41DW2	1	No appreciable increase in signal strength No appreciable increase in signal strength
R1TOSY69PKBRLW	5	Five Stars Thank you
R1SF5B93G0TSE1	1	Would not buy it again First, your phone will be safe, and if it works, the pics will be fine. That being said, here are all the problems I've had with this selfie stick: 1. Sometimes it doesn't connect to my phone. After turning the bluetooth and the selfie stick on and off various times, it might connect after at least five minutes. I've had other people use it, and on some phones it works okay, but other phones have the same problem. All phones tested were iPhones. 2. The &#34;stick&#34; doesn't slide well when I open/close it. There's too much friction, and even putting some WD 40, it's not smooth, or it won't open all the way. 3. The rubber part on the handle isn't even attached to the stick, so it keeps turning/moving and the button for you to take the picture gets misaligned with the rubber cover. Overall, it's just terrible. I would have paid $5 more for a better quality one. UPDATE: 4. I opened the selfie stick again, and it just came apart. Look at the picture. UPDATE 2: Nexcon has contacted me and offered a new product or a full refund.
RWR12N6F47WP	4	Nice factory look very nice clear picture. A bit difficult to run the wires, but camera works well on my 2014 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited
R3JL0OY5OJKED3	5	... phone from numerous dangers and fits in your pocket easily. Easily recommend to a It will protect your phone from numerous dangers and fits in your pocket easily. Easily recommend to a friend
R26P2KNKLXREZU	2	It did not properly fit my phone. The hole ... It did not properly fit my phone.  The hole for the camera does not line up.  It also did not stick well and was removed after the first week.
R2K6E8DA7YT7WC	4	Upside down image when mounted on dashboard Clear image but four stars since you cant really set it on top of the dashboard as the image will be upside down when you review it.  It has to be mounted on the windshield for proper image view.  Bumped up to 4 since I actually use it, clear image, and has survived a month in the Texas summer heat and the vendor contacted me asking for a more favorable review  but my original intent was for it to be mounted on the dash, not the windshield and there is no setting to reverse the image.
R3C5K4RDAP6329	5	This cell phone case is just perfect for the LG Ultimate 2 This cell phone case is just perfect for the LG Ultimate 2.  The gold backing is good protection and looks elegant on the phone.  The black hard rubber case provides good protection and keeps the phone from slipping out of your hand.  I would buy this case again and highly recommend it.
R3FAYVPLEY2KAP	5	I never carry a purse any more - it's great! This is my third one (for third phone ... I never carry a purse any more - it's great!  This is my third one (for third phone upgrade), and except for the limited color selections I couldn't be happier.
R1OK941BDDYZQR	5	I absolutely love my vivo fit 2 I absolutely love my vivo fit 2. It makes me more mindful of the exercise I do during my day. I love seeing the calories I burn. Such an insentive.
R18F7PG8LS5NJD	5	Great product and fantastic price! I was concerned about this product being flimsy and poorly made just because of how thin it appeared to be. I was wrong! I've had it on my phone for a few months now and it is fantastic! They look so late and not oversized while being adorable at the same time. I purchased the black one and teal as well.
R18V1CPN36G10S	1	when i first received the case i thought it was ... when i first received the case i thought it was cute but i have not even had this case for a week and the black on it is already fading. its a piece of junk.
R84FA93DE883D	1	One Star Did noot work
R14I2BE1RKG0BS	5	Five Stars Just as described, no defects whatsoever! Will buy from you again!
R2S9ASO7YCXJT6	5	Five Stars Great case
R3ILNJVVRHV9ZO	5	Five Stars Excelent! !!!
RGS1LUJP5IQNS	3	Three Stars It's ok
R12TAT0GLGLTKK	5	Five Stars Love the color combo..
R3SMD0VAL5HBBC	4	Four Stars Nice Case, fits well and looks good.
RTZBV04302MF	1	One Star The box was cracked and chip
RXIFH1SME5YHB	1	She's a Fixer Upper This product is an example of the &#34;get what you pay for&#34; mantra.  It broke after the second use, but I was able to repair with a silicone adhesive. The remote clicker was worthless....but we had a remote from a different Bluetooth device.  Meh. Buy if you like DIY fixing.
R2OXRW2SML5630	5	Cuuuuuute Super cute, and I find myself using the card slots more often.  Kinda wish it had an ID pocket, but the pen is nice. Has made video surfing easier as it works as a great stand.  But mainly the design makes it an A for me!
RDICEL2ZG4CAQ	5	So far just as good as a charger bought directly from Apple So far, so good. So many apple chargers I have purchased (including the ones directly from apple) either don't work, or burn out in a few days. This one has been good so far and for the price I don't care if I have to replace it.
R12568YOO63S2K	4	... charge 50% of the cell phone battery which it's good It's charge 50% of the cell phone battery which it's good
R33O1GV7QREIUU	5	Great case Love this phone case. I originally bought it to protect my phone while I found a more &#34;permanent&#34; case. But I ended up loving it so much, I never got another case. Slim and fits perfectly.
R11QZR9CWP9BIX	5	I love it! This one is working so far!! Had to send one back!! I love it!! Fingers crossed this one will keep working
R1UARV8NAKABGL	5	Five Stars Great case at a great price.
ROJ7QF3HP7PEJ	2	It came apart The gold back part popped off now it's just black rubber. I actually like it better this way. The gold part of case is very thin and scratches easily. It looked old and beat up in just a few weeks.
REXUU9R2LK5WH	5	Five Stars Love being able to add some fashion to my fitbit.
R5O4TMH4B95GO	5	and works just fine. I had read a review that said it ... The reading light arrived even sooner than expected, and works just fine. I had read a review that said it was too bright, but I didn't find that at all.  It even has two settings, both of which provide enough light.  I'm a little concerned that the expense of batteries will be a problem, but we'll have to see.  The light is on a wand that can be bent to any angle, so that is very good.
R31H698U1SQ9L5	5	Five Stars Great product.  Fast shipper
R15L7PDBC1RUCE	5	Worth it! This case is great! I purchased 4 & they all work properly. 3 were tested (4th one was a gift not sure how it's being used) & not one leak. You just gotta keep an eye out for drops of water that can fall in the case if you don't dry it completely before opening it. The whole having to put an iPhone 6 plus in upside down thing isn't even a big deal because you generally go to use your phone like that anyways. The lanyard on one did break but it's such a long lanyard that tying it off works just fine. Other wise, it's a great product & definitely worth your money. The pictures are clear as day & if I had gone underwater with it, the pictures would probably deliver as well (just got this so I wouldn't have to worry about water around my phone not necessarily as something to turn my phone into a go pro or something xP).
R10M70PIZZ7B09	5	Five Stars I love it.
R37L2M3GQ8VJYO	1	One Star Do not buy
R26X7ZT1BHTEC5	4	Four Stars good working car charger I have used it only twice seems to be doing its job
R3QJWI0H0NVVL1	2	Sound quality is terrible and evidently the mic is too Sound quality is terrible and evidently the mic is too. People can't understand what I'm saying. Wish I could say it was worth the low price but it isn't. I give it two stars because technically it does do what is supposed to and pairs easily enough.
R21USHEWVECOGC	1	junk wast of my time and money, did not work
R2ODY2H1Y6N73U	5	Just what I needed! I will admit that I am a Spigen fan. They make the thinnest profile cases for all things Apple. Before i received this case i carried my phone naked but the camera protruding on the back made me rethink that. Enter the Spigen Thin Fit case. The cutouts line up perfectly and the case covers the sides, back and extends just a bit onto the corners. The sides of this case comes right up to the edge of where the body and the screen meet. This allowed me to use a screensaver that covers the complete screen including the curves. Minimal increase in size and works very well. Great case.
R17X3OV46W1D70	5	... it quite a while and the image still looks great. Though covered I have had it quite a while and the image still looks great.  Though covered, I have not had any trouble using the buttons.
R2JILPQ3MZOVW	1	Crap.. Crap...cheaply made....had scratches on it and it only cobers the back and sides.  Provides no protection for the screen like a case is suppose to do.  In fact it is not a case just a shell.  Do not buy!
R367J04CT8G7TB	5	Love it it's literally perfect
RJV8AMBEU3RPH	5	I love jl audio makes good I love  jl audio makes good amps
R1QMMVTK10O9J2	4	does the job The sub is everything it says it is I have it bridged to be 2 ohms and its getting at least 500watts rms the sub can move some serious air but if you want to sustain really low notes make sure your enclosure is rated down that low and you will get great results
R3DKBIKAL0MEYX	5	Central Charging with SmartIQ Tablets, phones, MP3 players, fitness bands... I can think of a dozen devices we regularly need to charge. Instead of having charging blocks scattered throughout the house, we now have a central charging location. Power IQ is a huge bonus. Devices always charge as fast as with their original chargers. No longer waiting twice as long for a tablet to charge because you can't locate the right charging block. I don't think any device takes more than 2 hours to fully charge, so we've been able to rotate devices through and share cables.If there's any buyer's remorse, it's that we didn't get more ports.
RYC0DJU5NP7SX	1	Do not buy! The plastic part of the case didn't fit with the silicone on the phone! Biggest waste ever!
R2N34JHTTGP6EH	5	Five Stars Nicely made case. Fits perfect.
R2E5O3FN9NRUDV	4	Four Stars Fits great without adding bulk.
RV41SB5S0V6N9	5	The volume buttons and sleep button are easy to push that's why I say the case is ... First off can I just say how well fit this case is? Btw this is an honest and unbiased review. It's as if it was made during the production of the iPhone 6 Plus! It does not add any bulk at all in my opinion. The volume buttons and sleep button are easy to push that's why I say the case is definitely well made for this phone. I also like how the inside is lined with felt to protect from scratches. The soft feel on outside of case is very smooth but not slippery. I will definitely recommend this to anyone who needs protection but don't want a bulky case.  Maxboost customer service:  They are excellent. Very professional and if you have a problem they will solve it right away. Customer service is very important which is why I gave five stars.
R32YBIH9M84P8X	5	Five Stars Have had it for months and no issues like the many others I have bought.
R23T9A7U59042	2	Belt clip broke already. Sleeve that the phone slips ... Belt clip broke already.  Sleeve that the phone slips in is very durable.
R3AZFYT7EXSFHJ	5	Five Stars Great Product!!! fast Shipping!!
R3A9UC47IV1L7T	5	Five Stars I'm very satisfied.
R1CQBN8MUSQ5UN	4	Four Stars Late delivery, but as advertised.
R1P0UZQ8XXA8FN	1	One Star Blocks part of the screen from being used or viewed
R1FXCFUW63HIE3	5	Works great. Excellent Just what I needed.  Works great.  Excellent purchase
RB4B5OT389I3C	3	meh As it was free I can't complain much however I am unable to plug in my charger or earphones completely with the case on. Also, the back is clear if you were unable to tell from the preview image.
R2JPZFJ0A9LQXU	1	The handle has already broke and it looks like good quality on line The handle has already broke and it looks like good quality on line, but it very cheap plastic. It worked for a couple of weeks and the art is very cute, but not at all a good buy.
R2C28A84FBF50P	1	One Star Blew in the first month complete crap!
R1V5704933IOEE	2	Break/crack easily Since my wife liked the design(5 stars), I bought two cases in a short period of time due to the 1st was cracked. The 2nd one was also cracked within a week of arrival. (-3 Stars) ... Highly not recommend this item.
R33YDRKUH54QMB	5	Otter box This is my second Otter Box I really like the way they hold up.
R1YGL8M7R08SB8	4	Four Stars Satisfied
R13FV9V1IA19KR	5	Five Stars Great product, price and service!
RX1OODXGILI7S	5	Fit well and looks very nice. It's very thin Fit well and looks very nice.  It's very thin, so may not protect iPhone well, especially when it's dropped.  But I know it before I purchased it, so not complaining.
R3YDCOFWLRSB9	5	easy installation. I was even able to remove the ... product worked as advertised, easy installation. I was even able to remove the glass and reapply it to a new phone after a warranty replacement.
R1EE0QCSSYL4GW	2	Image seems to be attractive than the the original Quality is not good and its too big.
R2DECKPJI85ORD	1	The case cracked easily whenever I would take it off The case cracked easily whenever I would take it off. Its hard to access few letters when I was texting or trying to close out certain ads. The picture I would take was rather blurry
R2ZRGG2OEEFF96	5	Five Stars Is very high quality and looks exactly like photo!!
RMKQDD8UT8CBR	5	Five Stars The solemate met my expectations. Decent sound and volume for close quarters.
R1APXNYCYFV7T1	5	Love the case I just love the new new case . I would highly recommend it. The color is beautiful! Very sturdy but still streamlined.
R1W8TZGDC5XNC	4	Expect the Unexpected! I loved this product when I got it, the look, the leather, and the color.  However, after two months the leather began to shred around the edges and the magnet for the closure fell out.  Needless to say, I have to order another case.  I would only recommend using this case if you will not use it to hold our credit cards or cash.  I think that the more items you put in the billfold part, the less sturdy the case becomes.  I am giving it four stars because it was good while it lasted!
R1V1KSSDQILI7U	5	Five Stars Finally found something that is quick, convenient and not bulky. Highly recommemd.
R7UA0ZXR45U9Z	5	The best cables available Pros: -These work great for Quick Charge compliant chargers. -Higher quality than most cheap USB cables. Sturdy. Faster charging from thicker gauge wire. -Inexpensive  Cons: -None  I have replaced all of my old cables with Aukey, Anker, and Tronsmart cables (same OEM) because they work so much better and last longer.
R3ER94LW9EPOW6	1	One Star the side of it cracked within a couple days
R2J7NLG7OX4T1B	5	Great Antenna Great antenna. Perfect replace of stock antenna
RPWCPG07O46MR	5	Five Stars Great, works very well.
R2V6OT9EKVWEOW	5	Five Stars Very nice for the price. Has good sound and can be very loud.
R1KA3TXQ61CRYB	4	Four Stars Great case...sturdy, durable and good looking. Very pleased.
R265E699GPBCJZ	5	Five Stars Very happy with product
R3NJZPXHZI8EDB	5	Five Stars work well
RQS0TR5FVIVXM	1	Don't buy This thing crapped out really early and when I went to get my new one under warranty, the website wasn't even there. Don't buy
R2T70BTAGOSXDR	5	Five Stars Great product.
R1CTONSV96H3WK	5	So surprised by how good the sound is So surprised by how good the sound is.  I was a little worried due to the low price but very happy with it and bought another one for my daughter.
R1AP6L911UVT5Z	4	While I do love the quick charge 2 While I do love the quick charge 2.0 and the price is right....the only thing I do not like is the charging block, it's bulky and takes up at least 2 slots on my extension cord. Other than that, it's perfect
R95O4VOTQTHSX	5	So far it's still sticking. Gtmat seems to be ... So far it's still sticking. Gtmat seems to be made right. Price and quality. What more could I ask for
R3E5QB7KCO7248	5	Does the job nicely - keps the phone dry Does the job nicely - keps the phone dry, and hangs around the neck while out on the kayak - bright enough to use as a signaling device if necessary. Well made.
R2ZBV9DNM1N71S	5	Great Phone, Better Price Awesome phone.  Spyware/malware comes pre-loaded though.  If you don't mind having to root your phone and going into developer mode, than this is a great phone, especially for the price.  This phone competes well with Zen-Phone II, one plus one, and all other unlocked phones.  This phone is sweet. Everybody will be asking where you got it, with that bright yellow.  Also, 4g does not work with t-mobile in the United States.  I heard the 4g works with the AT&T.
R2ZOP5CRQFRAWW	5	Five Stars Its a very nice protector
R26G1KSS2OF2IP	4	Four Stars Nice product.
R1UEZ1W0QOXBF0	5	Five Stars It's a great case. It feels like I put no cover on my phone. Keep it slim!
R3CIOAN0P17ARW	1	One Star it charges slow
R15MCOANXQIUC3	5	It came within a couple days of ordering which is nice. It seems very durable I just got this item. It came within a couple days of ordering which is nice. It seems very durable! So far so good.
R17TBRUPUXCU2S	5	Lifesaver! This really works!  Has been a lifesaver, especially during recent multiple day power outage in our area!  I bought one for me and my husband and we were able to charge our phones several times.  I just recommended it to a friend and he is going to buy one too!
R2I8K3ZWA7A237	5	Great Charger with Bonus Features Everything about this portable battery is great. It's packaged and feels like high-end electronic without the high-end price. It's solid and performs great, we tested it out by charging both of our Moto X's overnight. The next day it still had all 3 of its battery level lights on, can't wait to see how many charges we can get out of it on our phones before we need to plug it in again!  Speaking of lights, this thing has a flashlight function as well! I had no idea this was a feature until I'd already ordered it and having since tried it out, it's a great little feature that will be handy on our next camping trip.
R3LDQ40OZRWTGM	1	One Star It's to small not worth it
RQ3IQ0204UUL6	5	Five Stars Perfect fit
R1AVCT87U274CC	5	Five Stars I love this case! I am easily able to slide my cards in and out.
R109MGQHKP6LX	2	Keep moving people... Nothing good here I Have had these headphones for just over a month now and almost like clockwork, both pairs I ordered have started to malfunction. Neither were great to begin with and I probably should have returned them straight away but time slipped by I was uncertain if my kids would like these or not. In any case, here are my complaints. 1 - Unless you sit DIRECTLY in front of the transmitter on your unit, you get static. Anything more than 15 degrees off center and static starts to creep in.  2 - The volume level on these are not loud at all. We own a van which has an average amount of road noise however, at full volume, these are not lous enough for me or my kids to block out even very quiet noises. I can only turn the car radio on to about 1-2 for my wife and I while the kids use these otherwise they say that can't hear and ask us to turn down the radio. I tried it myself and they were right.  3. - For the 30 minutes I tested these headphones, I noticed the ear foam pads were thin and irritating. I think for a longer movie I would be bothered by soreness.
R196P7UMGX0UWZ	5	Five Stars Exactly what i needed. Thanks!
R29A1Z41KTWZS	5	Amazing! Great screen protector!
R3399UT1RAZXCY	5	Awesome Case is slim and provides enough protection
RN4U1PXRKO8TH	5	Awesome band! Amazing band. Great band for the apple watch sports space grey. Fits perfectly and looks great. One minus point was that it was very hard to resize even with the tools it came with. Recommend this though as its fairly cheap!
R1W0R7PJZ9ONLJ	5	Five Stars It's more beautiful than I expected! !!!! Made the right choice
R3LS3BVFEX0SDU	5	Five Stars very nice product would buy again
R2A4SF9EFJID7O	4	Four Stars My husband loves this case!
R1TVWLJIJZ5ZZC	5	Excellent Better quality than the originals, extremely happy with color selection and quality
R5I7HTKMF1XN4	5	Switched to this case, and I am happy. I had been using another VERY popular case, but the plastic at the bottom kept breaking when i was pulling the phone out of my pocket.  This one is much more robust in the bottom, and has the same look, feel, and function as the other one except the back is plastic instead of the rubber.  My other case was wrapped in rubber with just a plastic ring around the edging.  This one is wrapped in rubber with a complete plastic backing and some on the sides.  It is much less prone to breaking.  Bonus, my phone actually looks like an iPhone with this case too.  haha  I am happy.
R1LT8OS28KTD5J	1	Not happy It's already breaking apart the plastic that goes around the phone is cracked and chipping apart. Will not purchase one of these again
RENO6ZSS0GFS0	5	Finally something that works I like it..it works as it is designed, which is all one can ask for!
R22MIG8WQ16QMD	5	Five Stars Excellent product. Thanks!
R7WNTO9MLARZV	5	I've dropped my phone from my lifted jeep with this case and it was totally fine. I like it because it's very light weight ... Big fan of this case - so much so that we've ordered 3; just because the plastic screen gets scratched from use. I've dropped my phone from my lifted jeep with this case and it was totally fine. I like it because it's very light weight and compact but protects as well, if not better, as an Otterbox case. We'll continue to order this case as long as it's available.
R2F5RBV4MGEIDY	4	Does exactly what it advertised. Plugs into my Jabra ... Does exactly what it advertised.  Plugs into my Jabra Pro headset base and turns on when I remove the headset from the base.  I work from my home do people can know not to walk into my office when I'm on a call.
R2PMV7FBW65EIB	3	Does not fit my car Was advertised as fitting a 2003 Expedition but it did not fit mine.  Plug size was wrong.  Not a problem with the item but with the description of what it is for.
R1ANC5YPBN70PK	4	Four Stars Works as designed. Nothing flashy, but holds my Samsung Galaxy S4 well.
R2E2K86XMKMT5J	2	Two Stars Its a 50/50 chance that the microphone will work. All the blue colors that i bought had non-functioning microphones.
R1AVTOESED180F	5	Almost too good for the price. Shipped fast, came with a resealable pouch to protect it, works great.
RICNOGJLUPR8R	5	Awesome Cover! I bought this for my tablet because I keep score for on it for my daughters travel softball team.  This gives me added protection from the elements.  The on issue I noticed is that on the hot days I do get an over heat warning from the tablet- but I feel that is ok because it did not shut down on me and my thoughts were the case really does seal my tablet in good
RQFRINNTNC20C	5	Five Stars Love this stuff.  Cant live without it.  Gives just the right touch of color and smells good too.
RUOXX5AN77G0H	5	Five Stars Good case
R1OCWDE3O9YVLF	5	Amazing Love this case!  I work at a phone store so. Wing able to have the second brand as we sell in the store was a big deal for me. It showed up on time and works amazingly with my phone!
R21GT1LCQ669VZ	1	It took one week before it started to short out ... It took one week before it started to short out at the phone end. You could send us another cord and i'll see of that was a fluke, otherwise, I will look into sending it back.
R3QB1OGB6WXI8I	5	Five Stars beautiful;
R2YUXEA58XQG6G	5	If the cable fits... For the price, it is well worth it. I've only used this for a few weeks, but I haven't had any problems. The size of the &#34;encasement&#34; over the base of the plug is small enough to fit my iPhone, which is protected by a bumper. This is a huge plus, since cables of other brands, e.g., Belkin, are not as conservative when it comes to the size of the adapter end. I also appreciate that the cable is more rigid than conventional cables, i.e., it doesn't get twisted and caught up in stuff when I'm moving my iPhone around on my desk or in my car. This is a minor point, but with typical cables it is as irritating as wrapping up a garden hose. Unless something negative happens in the future, I would definitely buy this product again.
R2UW8QXQ5QQEC5	5	I love my little cardbuddy I love my little cardbuddy. It's easy to apply and very convenient. All my friends want one now too. I just wish it was black to match my case but other than that I'm very satisfied with it.
R3I0QDCU1RWIOK	5	Great for my purpose Great for my purpose.  I have a Harley Road Glide.  I don't need a very long cable to plug it into my motorcycle so it works perfectly!  I wouldn't hesitate buying this if you are in the market for a short lightning cable.
R2B1ZDSANYBAPZ	4	Awesome Case Its slightly heavy and adds size to your phone, but nothing is breaking your phone with this case on it!! It would be better if the allen key needed was packaged on the outside though. Otherwise perfect case!!
RTIZZAET3JBSJ	5	Five Stars It's great !
R29ECWWJCORNDK	1	One Star cheaply made, the &#34;crystal scratched from gently wiping it with a clean t-shirt.
R2BQ438OFBEGNH	3	Three Stars Great Quality cord... stopped charging my phone after 2 weeks.
R1Y0WYATHLZ810	5	Five Stars Very good product!
R2C6BU70EC8UIJ	5	one for each car - I love that I have so many options and that it ... Bought two of these, one for each car - I love that I have so many options and that it securely holds my Note 4 with a heavy duty case!  One of the vent clips did break about a week after Amazon's return window was up...contacted the company and received a replacement part in less than a week with no hassle of having to send anything back.
R1GKPMQHVD89J3	5	Five Stars Great product! My second one !
R2T8AW9PX85LIK	3	iPhone charging issues The product works very well. however, after having it for nearly a month, the iPhone input cuts in and out during charging. in doing so, I have to tilt the iPhone a specific way so that it charges.  6.5/10. would recommend, but needs some adjusting.
REQQ5ALGW1J78	5	Five Stars excellent
RSXNJR4N6T7NY	4	Four Stars Phone fits perfect and looks good
R2E4MDSHWLC260	1	False advertising I was expecting the case to be all black with floral print and it ended up being navy and black and warped, so it doesn't even fit my phone right.
R8Y4FWIK0XER4	5	Five Stars Product as described fast shipping
R2STJTHYDGI6TY	4	Four Stars Seems to be just fine but it is not a true Apple cord.
R39VO1QOZ315NV	2	Two Stars doesnt do a great job. my screen cracked.
R3HGN17NLZTVO2	5	Five Stars Good case
R29ORNWTY7LF7V	1	One Star looks awful and scratched up immediately, but at least it's the case being scratched and not my phone.
R343J5K55AGQPO	4	... advertised but it does not accomodate very large batteries like the Posh 7" phone has Works as advertised but it does not accomodate very large batteries like the Posh 7&#34; phone has.  Very good deal for the $5 tag.
R3PK8QXMBQAJ60	5	awesome watch, buy a different strap I've had this watch for a little over a month now, and let me say this thing is awesome. Android Wear allows me to easily view my notifications and respond to texts without having to pull my phone out, and when its raining, thats a very nifty thing. setting reminders is super quick and simple, as well as setting things like timers and alarms. The battery gets me all the way through the day (I haven't tried the ambient settings as the &#34;lift to turn on&#34; works just fine for me), and I can charge it while i'm in the shower before I go to bed so I can use it with Sleep as Android to track my sleeping habits. the cradle charges the watch really quickly too which is very nice. i've more than once accidentally scraped the glass on something, but have yet to have any scratches on any part of the watch. the screen has a great set of brightness levels and is still mostly readable in direct sun, although not as easy as traditional watches  the only con here I have, would be the leather strap. I love the grey color, and it feels pretty great, but if I sweat or get it wet it tends to leave a slight discoloring on my wrist which washes away with a good scrubbing. also, the leather strap soaks up sweat and smells pretty nasty. I would certainly suggest buying a metal watch strap from your local jeweler or online. Because they made it use the standard watch strap size so its easy to find an alternative, i'm not dropping a star for this very minuscule issue
R33GWKH5QR0PG2	5	Just get it.  You will love it. I read all the reviews and the issues about echo and I have not experienced any issues with it.  If you are on the road like I am and you can use a device like this when at a client site or in your hotel, you can't go wrong.  Just get it.  The volume range is great and using it is very easy.
RXWMU9EBAULDK	5	I LOVE IT LOVED IT
R1GMYM7JSPRCJI	5	Five Stars GOOD PRODUCTS
R2HQP85VY3EMNM	4	Cute Super cute case. I've gotten. Lots of compliments on it. It's thin and comfortable. Not sure it protects much but still worth the buy.
R2W7OLKR46ST3	3	Finding the charge location is kind of a pain in ... Finding the charge location is kind of a pain in the butt on the phones that you have and always having to push a button to get it to start charging is frustrating as well but it works
R34I41GQCWXQSK	5	Works GREAT with Garmin's "Base Camp" software. Love it.
R2C9UN8BS4AJI4	5	USB CABLE is Better than my wall charger This cable works better than my wall charger.  Once the cable gets plugged into the car charger, it's very hard to get out. I don't mean it's impossible. I mean to say it's PRETTY FIRM  The material itself is plastic. It looks like any other charger but once you plug everything, you feel the difference. It's worth of your money.  Also, if you get the cable and connect to your wall charger, it's gonna work just as fine
R2PPWQX7V4CNWI	1	One Star I have had the glass on for 2 weeks now and it is lifting up all around the edges
R3N16Z33S7WUBY	1	just a little too big It works but does not fit 2000 tacoma
RCPGIKTR28838	5	works great! I can't tell you how many screens i have cracked previously, it's happened at least twice on every phone i've ever owned, and i also have an infant that likes to play with my phone and drop it also, and since i decided to try this out, NOT ONE SCRATCH! everything is still in great condition, should have tried this a long time ago!
R1AZQS91NKVBMQ	5	Great grip, perfect price Ok, yes, it's cheap in price. What it isn't though, is cheap in quality. I read the reviews of this mount and several others before deciding to trust a reviewer who said he used this in his jeep off-roading. It does exactly as it says. It holds onto that phone and doesn't move or drop it. There are wheels for adjusting the angle and grip. You can use the sticky adhesive or you can use the suction cup. I use the suction cup and it's never moved from my dash. Granted I don't drive off road but I feel it would still hold onto my iPhone. I don't think it can fit an iPhone 6 Plus in a thick case but then again I didn't try that.
R23REC0FMBTFLC	5	Five Stars Easy to install, great clear screen.  good fit.
R2KFD9JJEET6PU	4	Great! Got this for my brother for his S6. He loves it.
R32MPP3N56TW91	5	Five Stars Only case I have truly loved. The stand is great. Form factor is slim. Basic protector works well.
R17RTROY080I5	5	Small things DO come  in sm,all packages Excellent USB port, small enough and well designed to sit on my desk, so no more diving under the desk to plug or unplug cables from the system..
R2OX7EPKSXANZE	5	great product! Keeps the charge for a long time ... great product!  Keeps the charge for a long time and the sound quality is great.  Highly recommend!
R13KEP33944O5Z	2	Fits phone great but the loop in breaks Fits phone great but the loop in breaks. I have gone though three. They last for about 4 or 5 months.
R3AT2JBMQ95MUT	5	Ditch the Warts Another great product.  All ports in use and all my devices charge at their fullest. Just killing it with quality mobile accessories.
R3QW8DYIAC7A8Y	5	Awesome case Awesome case I like it it makes the phone a little heavier but other than that is great. Looks good, protects the phone well, fits perfectly I do recommend
R2ZU0XV1VQX1A3	4	Charging-really nice It is charging-really nice .
R29PVQMKVSW624	1	does not work for iPad It does not provide enough power for iPad. I am disappointed
R2LBWFDOW7RL70	5	Worth it Lovely case. I love that it's slim and has the shock absorption edges
R3QU4N7YLKBGWS	4	Already my favorite speaker. It's easy to use Already my favorite speaker. It's easy to use, can be taken practically anywhere, and has awesome sound quality for its size. It beats out any other device in my home for streaming music. The rubber band on the sides can be annoying since it pulls away from the speaker at the edges and NudeAudio's customer support leaves a lot to be desired when communicating with them, but overall the speaker itself is pretty awesome.
R29XLH1UT4M8UF	4	Four Stars It's entertaining, not frustrating.
R2OFZVA1VKIWAG	2	Nice quality but as others mentioned the top of the ... Nice quality but as others mentioned the top of the clip digs into your side and is uncomfortable. I find myself not using it because of this.
R1WYFMD0JIZU4	5	This is a fun case. It's like have a wallet with you This is a fun case.  It's like have a wallet with you.
R3C78KKQUMFITI	1	One Star Nothing like expected
R3EID7UOKJ6KD2	5	This is better for your health and works great No more blue tooth for us!  This is better for your health and works great!
R40PT9MZFGSRN	1	After 1 month of use, it's reacting very slow ... After 1 month of use, it's reacting very slow. Also observed sound is very low while talking on the phone. And now people are complaining that they are unable to here my voice properly. Oh my god it's sucking.....
R2PJSHNQV6GZ4Q	4	Four Stars Works good some voice distortions with a low voice
R29OQWONT11A8I	2	I really like that the case is sleek and not too bulky ... The case arrived later than expected. I really like that the case is sleek and not too bulky but the rubberized part is so stiff that it makes it almost impossible to press any of the phones buttons.
RU8ZT5A5FEPMW	4	and it fits perfectly and I love the little kickstand that allows me to stand my ... My phone is older and I could not find a case for it at the mall or the T Mobile store.  I found this case online, and it fits perfectly and I love the little kickstand that allows me to stand my phone on a flat surface to read/watch something online.  The screen saver was not sticky enough to adhere to the phone, though, so I had to throw it out.  Love the case, though.
R21PWFQWRVC2QG	5	Five Stars love them so much I ordered a second set!
R3FA1BYMOYRVVS	4	Four Stars Works Google
R1H5VH70NM7HSJ	5	Five Stars very good product
R2K9PZD1OTVDR2	5	Five Stars Works for me
RI51YHOQZJU27	4	Love it!! Awesome case for the price!
R1EPGQIC7LBF4T	3	Better work right It's a factory battery.  Better work right ;)
RLQ41TCT1N4MR	5	Five Stars Great item. Holds my IPhone 6 with a case.
R3NVGYVN5QMR3N	1	Product does not work Very poor quality. It does not work. I threw away packaging. So I am not sure how to return it
R1FCR4I5FQ8074	5	Five Stars Thank you
R31PPN21P6Y51O	5	Five Stars Excellent
R285WSUCTHI08G	5	Five Stars Excellent just what I ordered
R2A93XSO8K0NEP	5	Awesome product These screen protectors are some of the best I've ever used.  It was easy to apply the screen protector using the instructions and applicators that were included, and I didn't end up with a single air bubble once it was completed. It's a lot better quality than most I've purchased on Amazon in the past. I can tell it won't need to be replaced for a long time. The anti-glare and anti-liquid features work as advertised.  I'll definitely be buying from iCarez again in the future.
R38LV6GPA5YYC1	5	I have already dropped my phone on concrete since I have had this case and it protected it like it should The seller did exactly what they said they would. I have already dropped my phone on concrete since I have had this case and it protected it like it should.
RQ671Q3697DYT	5	Five Stars for only $10 vat go wrong luv this
R1JYQA8CYAQVJX	5	Stylish & protects phone well Great case, looks nice and protects my phone really well. The rubber used feels soft and doesn't get dirty easily like other rubber cases.
R1YNH5J0TK5ADT	5	Five Stars nice~
R3LMCOCCGZ014N	4	Great alternative to the very pricey Apple version Great alternative to the very pricey Apple version. I have had it for a few weeks now and I love it. Easy to adjust to fit and works great when at the gym.
R3D9DOG3VKZWFG	1	Jawbone gave me this to replace my two UP24s that ... Jawbone gave me this to replace my two UP24s that they replaced every 6 months as they kept breaking. UP2 just doesn't work or do the job it's supposed to do. It doesn't stay on the wrist. It is now lost. It also doesn't track steps or sleep all the time. Just when it chose too.
RMWMEAXYI8UFT	2	Horrible!!!!!! Not it did not meet my expectations. When you put your phone in the holster it turns the volume of your phone down ALL the way. Not impressed with my purchase at all.
R1UGP5ADTKDXIP	2	It is of high quality but it suffers from the ... It is of high quality but it suffers from the same issue as all the other Note 5 tempered glass screen protectors I have tried so far: halo effect. The edges all along the screen protector do not adhere to the display and are lifted, creating a bubble, or &#34;halo&#34;, effect.
R1GHGGAACQPA0Y	3	This product will not work if the vehicle is a ... This product will not work if the vehicle is a manual transmission, it is in the way of the gear shifter.
R3W1R4F5B5JGAF	1	One Star Seems sturdy but the case covers the audio input.
R15H4ZL1GC6OVS	5	Five Stars works with plus and regular model
RNY0BX40X4NRI	4	Four Stars It works.
RBC5NC72WOGPQ	5	Five Stars Love this power!
R2IEJV3DNU5NYF	5	Worked perfectly, when I used the charging cord that ... Worked perfectly, when I used the charging cord that came with it. That cord is quite short, so I tried using another mini USB, but it did not charge correctly. However, during long days, this adds the charge I need and does it well.
R2HZQDJM1G3KL8	1	Blah! The case broke after a week.
R30MQPZ0HH5Y2C	4	Four Stars It is a case. Nothing special. It appears to be well constructed and will serve the purpose.
RJKYU7L8OYBBG	5	love it, great case and the shatter proof glass ... Arrived as promised, love it, great case and the shatter proof glass worked great, real easy to apply!
R339D9GVW7OOBH	4	Four Stars N-a
R2G92TRXRPM6ZC	5	These headphones were a great purchase. I have small ears and few headphones ... These headphones were a great purchase.  I have small ears and few headphones of this style fit me well.  These have a lot of accessory pieces that helped get it properly sized.  They stay snugly fit, no matter the activity level. They also have a better range than I anticipated.
RPHD7TFF52FKM	5	Good! It works as a waterproof case very well. The only problem I had with the case was the mute switch broke and the people were nice enough to send me a replacement case which didn't work either. But it's a good case. The people gave me a full refund. The only problem was the mute switch.
R3PSHSP42LGCKZ	3	Three Stars super fast shipping...speaker volume lacking...not sure if because it's a refurb.
RR54MOMEI9A2L	4	Good phone case for less money than a meal :) Good phone case. Easy to put together and take apart. Easy cleaning.
R3M3SCUXDNV8EV	5	Five Stars Excellent condition
R1D6PNB55TGSPO	5	Five Stars I love my case!!! It's very well made
RYPIU6L1VUBPD	4	Decent and well priced bluetooth speaker The first thing I want to mention is that this review is not for the above mentioned device but it is for the other Argon rectangle shaped speaker. The one I am reviewing is this… Argon® Bluetooth Wireless Portable Stereo 2CH Speaker for all iPhone, iPod, iPad, Blackberry, Android smartphones and MP3 players. Rechargeable built-in battery [Red]  Due to some amazon goofup, I received this rectangle speaker. I love having a bluetooth speaker around which we can use say inside the car or even at home. Or when you go to beach or someplace. The argon speaker we are talking about here is a rectangular shaped bluetooth portable 2 channel speaker. The reason it is mentioned 2 Channel is because it internally has 2 small speakers and both provide a maximum output of 3W RMS per speaker. If you buy a single speaker like those circular or cube shaped ones, they usually have single 3W speaker inside, while this has 2. This way you can achieve stereo sound quality.  If you look at the body of the speaker, it will look like small and big sized blocks arranged in some fashion. On top of the speaker, you have 3 buttons for telephone, plus and minus. On the front of the speaker is the same pattern but you have a mesh sort of design with “Argon” logo on the left side. On the very right bottom is the LED light which is visible only when you are charging the speaker or it is turned on. It will turn red when you are charging it and turn blue once fully charged. When paired, it will blink blue light.  The 3 buttons on the top of the speakers are for.. --Volume Up and Down --Track Next and Previous --Music Pause / Lift Call / Hangup  Yes the same buttons have multiple functions. When you are playing music, if you press the volume buttons once and rapidly, it will increase or decrease the volume. While if you keep it pressed, it will change the track. The middle button with handset embossing is used for pausing themusic. When in a call, it is used to hangup the call.  On the right side of the speaker is the charging port which is MicroUSB Connector. You have a Aux In available as well so you could connect a 3.5mm connector and use the bluetooth speaker as a non bluetooth one. There is a ON/OFF Switch as well. When you turn on the speaker, it will “speak” to you. Yes it says “Hello”. This may freak people initially. There is no tone etc, it will speak stuff. Like when pairing is done, it will say “You phone is now connected” and such.  The volume of the speaker is independent to the volume of the device connected. This means that you can have very loud sound. The sound from the speaker is pretty decent and people should look at the price and set their expectations. Don’t expect a LG UE Boombox or Bose level sound here. For casual listening it is pretty good. The bass is Ok but many a times I felt that sound was tearing especially at higher volume. Overall I would rate ⅘ on the sound quality.  The speaker will be shown as “Argon SP28” on your phone etc. Also I don’t know why but on my iPhone, I could not get the battery level display on the status bar. This usually works with most battery operated bluetooth speakers. These have 1000mAh battery inside it which is pretty good and manufacturer claim is around 9 Hours of battery but I am sure that is at a decent volume and not full blast.  Inside the box you are will get the MicroUSB cable and 3.5mm cable. Overall decent enough speakers for the price and deliver a good value. *I received this product in exchange of a honest and unbiased feedback and all opinions are based on my usage with the product.
RF003XX5WJ7RU	5	Storage simplified! This is a very good card and is appropriately priced. I have several games storied in one convent place.
R1T8I6PGW4ZBSI	5	Good video, tough, great price Replaced my aging and unreliable GO PRO 2 with the Virb.  Didn't want to spend $400 on a new &#34;HERO&#34;.  Use it primarily for motorcycle track days.  It takes excellent video, and it is tough.  Unfortunately I crash tested it last month and it still works great.  Check out Youtube, type in  creepy 847, and find JimC crash.
R3AS4H0XWIGJWQ	1	Conplete junk Received item and what a piece of crap. The image on the back is all blurry... looks like it was poorly laser scanned on there or something. The case does NOT fit the phone properly. What a waste of money.
R39V46Y6EF9Y1B	5	Five Stars great
R2QM85P5LGY6YN	3	Three Stars Product works fine while it lasted but the belt clip wasn't very durable..
RH1FYIKIHT0MF	1	Joe Do not purchase this item it is a waste of money. Brought it from seller only used it a couple times. The ear piece broke in two pieces. This is reconditioned junk..
R3L8TUR6DIIH8R	5	Mister Selfie is Mister Right! From the packaging of this product to the user friendly functionality of this item is exceptional.  If you're on the go - get this stick, take explosive pics, & share them with the world!
R2LLWAOIXOPHA6	1	Really disappointed in this case Really disappointed in this case. Its a cute case but the gold part kept slipping off. I only had it for about 1 week before it fell and I didn't realize it and lost the part. So this case had to go right in the trash can. I wish it would have fit the phone better. I'm disappointed that I wasted $15 for a cute case that I couldn't use anymore because the case size was wrong. And yes, I did order the right case for my phone. The length fit but the width didn't. The gold part barely clicked into place with the teal part when it arrived.
R1E7VKQ6SZNQVL	3	Nice slim case to hold, but showcases dirt and dust Nice, thin, grippy case for iPhone, makes it a lot easier to hold and protects it from scratches and hard falls. But dust and dirt get under it pretty easily, so your phone doesn't look great.
R3LXRG1NRVH4NU	5	Five Stars good
R33Z2FQGDDTRW7	4	Four Stars Met my expectations.
R2H0TCRO13LCOL	2	The ONLY tool you need to worry about is the ... The ONLY tool you need to worry about is the thin wire to remove your broken screen.... two were included and both broke multiple times... if I heated my phone to the surface temperature of the sun they may have worked. I broke my digitizer trying...
R33K3VBXI41WTF	3	It would be 5 stars except they royally flubbed the FAQs re bluetooth... and wasted my time. This device would have gotten 5 stars had the following not happened:  1) They shipped the device 4 weeks after they said they would. 2) The directions on how to link the device are horribly incomplete (this should be simple... it's bluetooth).  And tthere wasn't any further information on their website describing how to get it to link to iPhone nor was anyone fielding tech support questions on their &#34;launch weekend&#34;.  Get this, I found the answer on Amazon in user comments.  They have a very cool product, but come on... it is simple to make useful FAQs and have someone respond to user questions on the weekend... especially the weekend you release your new product.
R2AWSZI8Y0MQBT	5	Really pleased that I got this one. Highly Recommended. Easy to Install, Protects my Apple Watch Edge to Edge I have bought a couple other protectors from shops. I could not install the first product and ended up damaging it. Second time, I got the shopkeeper to install it for me. It gave up on the edges after a week. I finally decided to jump on Amazon and ended up buying this brand. I am writing this review after trying this product for 4 weeks. Heres why I like it. 1. Unlike other protectors, the Ruby Shield protects my 38mm Watch edge to edge. 2. Installation is straight forward. No liquid spray and no curing time. Its a dry and easy installation. I was done in 5 minutes. 3. No bubbles during installation. Crystal clear view. 4. It hasnt failed on the edges after 4 weeks. And doesnt look like it will fail anytime soon.
R382T9JDBTIM3Y	3	it work great just that when you put it on speaker the ... the material is really cheap and the head phones hardly stay in the little magnet that it has to hold on. it work great just that when you put it on speaker the other person can't hear me whit the headphones which makes it difficult when i drive.
R1HO2WB7V03X5N	5	Otterbox is the only case you will ever need !!  Awesome case !! Love my new OtterBox for my Galaxy s5 phone, its sturdy, with a clip on on the back, n has a locking system on it that locks into place . Awesome prouduct , OtterBox is the only case you will ever need.
R267QM9I2UEKEL	3	Three Stars Head Phone Cavity not big enough for most 2.5mm headphones or cables. Otherwise good
R10RHZMDKN43AW	5	Five Stars Very minimalist but very durable.
RG88XETJHQ9M6	3	but it seems like this time around I'm usually a big fan of skinomi products, but it seems like this time around, the tech glass wasn't that great. Very clear and feels nice when using the screen, but a little after week of use I found a slight cut on the protector. Hadn't been dropped so I guess something scratched it somehow.
R3STHUFZ5CD3PP	4	Four Stars Works great in the car. Very clean sound from my iPods
R2J4KYA6V17WN5	5	Great for the office I love the charging base, it is comfortable to wear. However it drops the bluetooth connection after about 15 minutes of being on a call. I know it's not my phone (Galaxy Note 4 running Kit Kat) my other headset stays connected. I got this to stay at the office and use on frequent long conference calls. Wish I kept the packaging to send it back.  UPDATE: I was sent a new headset without requesting a replacement, this one works great so I obviously had a defective one. Comfortable to wear all day and the battery makes it through the day as well even with marathon conference calls.
RRNXM5QANTFT9	1	One Star no good
R33OKK9Z0RHMPZ	3	Three Stars Wish that it fit the phone better but gets lots of attention.
R13QVRI8HHX0ML	5	It works quite well. An awesome product. It works quite well. An awesome product.
R31Q6MIOPSBGEE	4	otherwise it was a great purchase. I wasn't expecting a PAL charger with a separate adapter; otherwise it was a great purchase.
R334GOK4BA8EF6	4	Four Stars Great product, fast charge, it works well for my life style.
R3OCBW7OC5WFS6	5	Five Stars It's great
R1JLIRIVS839IM	5	Five Stars Exactly what i needed. Thanks!
R8WE8HB7N55PH	5	Five Stars Excellent
R1AVARF0F7LQ4L	3	Like the price and it fits but it's not charging Like the price and it fits but it's not charging.  I assume it's my phone but I'm gonna wait before I decide  to toss it.
R8FT26WWD1PIJ	5	love it The colour is perfect and fits into my phone. it also came with a very cute thank you card
R1WRJAKDJTH2N9	5	Five Stars Love it!
R3QDIDY1GAOBJ5	5	My Mother Loves This Case Exactly fits the Samsung S6 Edge. I gifted this for my mother and she loves it. There is a shortage of cases out there for the Edge and this one looks fancy and it keeps the screen clean. I would recommend buying a screen protector though just in case. It does leave your phone very vulnerable since there's no protection.
R1799K9SYB2CLB	1	Didn't work on my Fire phone. These screen protectors look good but they don't fit the Fire phone exactly correct and cause issues with the phone screen. They look like they should work but with all of the camera sensors on the face of the phone they just don't work. Save your money. They look as good as any screen protector they just don't work on this phone.
RFEQ7C9I6NSJI	5	Great transaction! Very happy with my order. It far exceeded my expectations! Thank you.
R1J6O73ZL4WP2L	5	Five Stars It works great. It's light and it allows for extra 2 charges of my iPhone.
R7ADXSPVT0WMZ	1	One Star returned wouldnt read sim card - nothing against the model - ordered a replacement
R5Y76NBMUU7CS	5	Five Stars Very Sturdy.
RH1N9BHRLQWCS	5	Great back up No exactly &#34;light weight&#34; but it's powerful. I love that I can charge it in the sun. It came in very handy when I found myself in the dark suddenly on a beautiful (& cooler) day when someone ran in to a pole and knocked us all off the grid.
R2XM157WUCWQEB	5	Five Stars They're so great! Not one complaint. And not one of them broke. They work on any device screen.
R36CLBCWPPK0TZ	5	Perfect! Works perfectly with our 2 USB's. Now we have a free plug for other items
R1FU2QC6EC8TBB	3	Three Stars Doesn't glow very bright
R1K2AUT5GLAA9J	4	Four Stars Good case for phone , got it quickly.
R2Q0WQYUGOK96	1	Really crappy design and not useful at all for iPhones absolute junk.  The gripper/jaw clip thing is loose and when it actually holds your phone, it  presses into the volume keys and messes with audio.  Really crappy design and not useful at all for iPhones.
R3BNSM5CDH394A	5	Excellent quality, great support! Works great, will provide excellent support to the Heil Broadcast boom which is big!
R2VOBRHARP4EGW	5	Five Stars just as described
R7T4OKYXKY78E	4	wORKING FINE! I AM HAPPY WITH IT wORKING FINE!  I AM HAPPY WITH IT.
R6UP79FA9BLK7	5	Smart & Cute!! I love my little sound pod! So simple and works so well. I love that it looks super cute even when nothing is it it too.
R2YUQ69IZZ9QI	5	Excellent Buy Excellent product, sturdy and well made. Would buy again or recommend to friends.
RZ7D4ZR5NXGPR	1	Originally I believed this to be a good strong product Originally I believed this to be a good strong product.  It seemed durable and was easily attached to phone.  However, after only 1 month, the first crack in the protector appeared.  The edges started to crack as it does not  cover the whole screen of my Iphone 6 and I now have 2 other cracks.  I have ordered a replacement and will see how it does.
R10KB099G4O9XO	2	Two Stars Big Bulky and flaky.
R24Y5GPJI63ALW	1	One Star This item burnt out after two uses.  Got really hot and quit working with a burning smell.
RHQ3MGJX52ZII	1	Cheap Plastic I've only owned this a short while. I've never dropped this or been rough with my case. The top corner broke off this morning. It didn't catch on anything. I am surprised how flimsy the plastic case is. Do not waste your money.
RMESR2W7RITFE	2	I'm giving this product a 2 because it looks great and my son loved it I'm giving this product a 2 because it looks great and my son loved it, but it broke in 3-days.....😏 i guess a part on the side cracked & kept getting caught going in and out his pocket!  So not a good buy😔😢 toobad because we luv the Giants!!
R3BU4W2SZ4S428	5	Just as described The iPhone 5 arrived a day earlier than expected. It looks like new. So far it has worked very well, and I'm especially pleased with the strength of the battery. My only question is regarding the 6 months warranty. There was no paperwork regarding it in the package.
R2MU8FSWM1GDQB	5	Five Stars Made a great gift.
R2BLVR31ZOHY2P	4	Four Stars It is really nice and its more convenvet
RFBBIAH2R5KFD	1	Not Worth It!! This case has no support for the phone itself. It comes with a cheap plastic holder that is glued in place. The side broke off about 3days after using it and would no longer hold my phone. Good concept but wish it was made better.
R1HJGEE0UKH99N	4	But happy to use it After use for a while I don't know if by iPhone Battery get drain faster. But happy to use it. Will use it to test for a while
R2HS1NWHC9NZZM	5	Five Stars Love it
RNQ4MS8VUESKA	4	Great Fast shipping  fits perfect  and protects well
R1VRK46XTSBOC4	1	One Star Didn't fit
R3TE6GJHQF2R9A	3	Just O.K. These do not fit over the complete screen, if thats what your trying to protect. The fit from top to bottom, but not side to side. Dollar store quality, maybe seek out another brand. The seller was very good however sending these out quickly.
R19ZDT183M86DA	5	Look no further. I'm a flight attendant and always on the go. I got tired of my phone running out of charge or afraid to use it because I may need it later in the day. So I bought this one.  The battery case is super slim, is not bulky in your pocket and seems like it's high quality.  Some days I'm super hard on my phone with social media, texting, reading, watching movies, listing to music an so on. With most people our phones have become part of us.  This is a day I do twice a week; Commute to or from work which is a two hour flight and using my phone constantly. Might work another 5 flights that day with phone in and out of airplane mode, one and off, checking social media, catching the news, reading a book on the kindle app and a lot more. All of this has a major drain on my battery. Now after some days 20 hours long I still have at least 50% battery life and still going strong.  I get asked daily about this case because it does look pretty cool.  I am beyond happy with this.
R1251QBQXS41U8	4	Works well Love its ease of use, flexibility, and portability. Magnet works well, even through 2 layers of rubber/plastic phone cover. I only gave it a 4 because I am not convinced the strong magnet doesn't damage my phone. After using the mount for a couple of days, my phone started acting very strangely and didn't respond to touch like it used to. However, after leaving it off the magnet and restarting, the problems were gone. I only use it as absolutely necessary anyway, since having my phone readily visible while I drive is not smart driving.
R3UG2LQDF3VDQ9	2	stay away it is very bad product. please do not buy this if you want somthing that you can hear and be heared.the only thing its looks nice and it hold well on the glass but as a speaker it worth NADA.
R1G2EUS3OIXBW9	5	Five Stars very good
R2O0U0L2IFR8OH	1	It didn't work after the first use. The battery ... It didn't work after the first use. The battery power bank just heated up to the point that I thought it would burn my hand when I touched it.  For $5 I figured it was worth a try.
R1R5RNCYU7NN28	4	I was really happy with the range on these headphones ! I received this product with a great discount for an honest review.  Easy to connect to my laptop and my cell phone, I was really happy with the range on these headphones. I was able to walk around almost my entire bungalow and listen to the radio streaming on the laptop.  I did have some difficulty getting the headphones to seat in one of my ears. The device comes with several different sizing options but for whatever reason, I ended up irritating my ear before finding the optimal angle.  The charge was quick, and lasted long enough for my cleaning session (or for a workout), and I think these are an excellent choice for bluetooth headphones intended for use for limited lengths of time.
RO94M7KQ5CXXT	5	great! Great price,  awesome product!
R109VH22RM5O4D	5	Great extension adapter for iPhones Great, just what I needed and worked without any issues.  This item is exactly what you need if you have an Otterbox type case on your iPhone and need an extension to into the phone for charging, especially for those chargers that have the big square ends on them.
RLQZKURAH6FO2	1	One Star They don't work for very long . One day for one of mine .
R2O6HZDBIW13G1	1	again No good, stop working after 3 weeks.
RPBCK4QI2V580	5	Good cover for the price Fit my Motorola Droid Razar M Well.......Good cover for the price. I will probably order another one in a different color.
RB9LHJXO82VK4	5	Five Stars Good phone
R2OUJU5ID98B4Y	5	Five Stars pretty and fits.
R1IV6JZQ1XHX26	5	I Love It here's a lot to like about this stand for Apple Watch. It's very modern and stylish. It's well-built. It's practical and convenient. It also holds an iPhone 6 or 6+, which I love very much. It slides together easily and looks great. I love it.
R1PIXC5N7XVGIJ	5	Beautiful product waterproof Excellent product, product waterproof and it protects my phone when i  saw the rain. Take pictures, receive and call anytime. I no longer worry about my phone when it rains. Because, i have waterproof. Thank to seller so much!
R1ZK455XU2XASD	2	Two Stars The sides get dirty relatively quick and hard to clean
R1MTRAO9EV5DMK	5	Five Stars Fast delivery perfect fit
R26UHYL16LY7NR	5	Great cover for the price. A nice slim cover for the price.  I haven't damaged my iPhone 6plus yet and really don't expect to with this simple and clean phone cover.
RWIP2WZP2ZVCK	1	One Star broken in a matter of days
RYAJPP2WPPRDD	5	Five Stars Fits the phone perfect,nice clear picture of elvis
R4BLLRCTJ09VU	4	Four Stars My daughter loves this case
R2GB5M5WO9U0FQ	5	Great product with nice features Great product with nice features.  Looks 100% like original radio  in my dad's 66 novel with some updated technology.
R23TNIAVKXIEG8	1	Did not protect my phone:-( I have dropped my phone shortly after I purchased this screen- it cracked into multiple pieces, but the most disturbing fact was that my iPhone 6 screen cracked even more beneath it!!!
R3R0YKALAUT93M	4	Four Stars Great case! We love spigen brand products! Top quality for a low price! Can't beat it!
R2175PCJJ44LZW	5	Five Stars Easy  fit
R30KUMXCLCVP9B	5	Five Stars Love it. I can charge my phone 3 times.
R2L7JUO4V5M3II	5	Works great with the HTC M8 Works great with the HTC M8, iphone 6+, 5s, and ipad mini.  Plugs in smooth into the cigarette lighter adapter and stays in place.
REZMO9WPT8FJD	2	This is useless to me Was under the impression that this product filters OUT blue light (i.e. it is red-colored). This is not the case. Rather, it does the exact opposite, it is blue-colored, filtering out red light. This is useless to me. Ordered this product for use on a 2DS in nightime, as there is no equivalent of https://justgetflux.com/ or https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.urbandroid.lux&hl=en for the 3DS family of systems.
R291ZJBQRLOKWX	5	Just got the free samples before four days Just got the free samples before four days.AWSOME case ! Really works.I am very pleased with this waterproof case! I cut paper towels to fit exactly to each corner and I dunked it in a jug of water with a weight on top for 1/2 hour. When I took it out the paper towels were completely dry! It comes with a lanyard to wear around your neck or attach to beach bag or whatever.  Good for the three layers lock seal,it is very safety.I found this case to be amazing made of high quality materials and it holds many items perfectly ,it fit my phone perfectly and I was able to add cash and my debit card to it It went to the beach and the pool -- never underwater because that is just not part of my lifestyle. With lots of splashing and normal exposure to that environment, my phone stayed dry. For me, that is the ultimate test, and it passed! Sample provided and I am well pleased.Highly recommended!
RFRLSTGUJXWS7	5	Five Stars works great, a little hard to put on but once you get it on it works out great
R1M6SFG4I5MPBS	4	... was the exact size as the screen would be good. Regretfully the Garmin nuvi I will not be ... I purchased the Garmin Nuvi 56 to take on my next vacation flight to Florida so I thought that a case that was the exact size as the screen would be good.  Regretfully the Garmin nuvi I will not be taking it with me on any trip therefore the case is useless to me.  The problem with the case is that it does not provide space for the auto power cord therefore the value is iffy.
R24OMEO0S6THIG	5	Five Stars Great case for a great value
R1IX11WJ2M6PAK	2	Not for large phones.... My iPhone 6 Plus is too heavy for this selfie stick. I had to use tape to keep the metal rods in place so I could use it. :(
RU3EJWHW62HB3	1	One Star It actually broke on me,the sides split.
R2CUWXB7SGP6X8	5	Five Stars It works great.
R3ZW31Z5I1AGY	1	One Star It stopped working after 3 charges!!!
R1KTHPXNT472SG	5	Great! Definitely recommend. Yes. Yes. Yes. I've had this on my phone for almost an entire year!!! It definitely is great quality, put it on myself and no air bubbles and if you do get bubbles you can easily get them out. Not like most protectors!
R1KFTVBKZ029UP	5	AWESOME best bang for your buck, really love it
R24AV105671OKO	5	Five Stars great product!
R254UBKJRHHSX0	5	Five Stars Durable and protective!!!
R1NXYI45KZIGLN	2	disappointed WAS not colorful enough and since it came from China,cannot send it back
R2QV3NPG4PTZH0	5	I LOVE THIS CASE I LOVE THIS CASE! I get so much use out of it and all of my friends love it and think its so funny. It fits the ipod perfectly . I love it
R3202Z8WOEY5Q2	5	Great for phone or ipod I got this for my husband to use at work so he can always have his phone handy.  He loves that he can access his phone whenever he needs it and does not have to fumble with taking it out and putting it back anywhere.  It also makes it easier for him when listening to music to switch between songs and control the volume or whatever he may need.  It fit perfectly around his wrist and does not bother him at all nor does it get in the way while he is working.  It is made of a very nice soft material and has not caused any kind of irritation on the skin.  It is also something that can be used easily if you go to the gym or like going for walks and want to carry a key or something similar with you as it has a storage pocket for such items.  We purchased this item at a discount for our honest unbiased review.
R2LM3IXD248N8C	5	Five Stars Excellent product
RI144YN60ELD8	5	Five Stars Easy install. Looks amazing.
R12HR0M7PQ44JN	5	Amazing product, and so reasonably priced. My brother leant me his Anker setup when I took a trip to NYC this past June. Between consulting Google Maps and the NYC Subway Map, and just plain ole social media and web browsing, these activities placed a huge burden on my phone's battery life. I'd have to recharge it 2-3 times a day on average, 4-5 times a day during unusually heavy use. The Anker was a godsend. And their iQ USB ports charged my phone in about half the time it normally charges. The only downside was the stock USB cord that came with the battery; using the iQ port would transfer a lot of heat across the cord. Not to mention that the cord was relatively fragile. Later, when I bought my own battery, I also purchased their braided nylon cord with gold plating on the plug for a few more dollars. The battery works extremely well with the upgraded cord.
R1F4YCQSPHLSYV	4	I will buy again I love this case and best my phone stays in place when I'm driving and its soft plus it came early
R39DRL6DP687LA	1	Ordered two in the last six months, both are no longer usable. I'm very disappointed in the 750 series for this product.  My first pair I bought in April. The pair worked great, had great audio, great volume, fit nicely, and would last for hours at a time. Now, they will only stay charged for a range between six minutes to half an hours, making them unusable for my normal listening habits. Note while I typically would fully charge them over night, I tended to let them get down to 10-25% power each evening after heavy usage. Charged with a micro-usb plugged directly into a PC tower.  My second pair I bought for my wife in July. She immediately complained about low sound quality/volume which confused me since mine had great audio. I just assumed she didn't care for the in hear headphones style but when my model started to not keep a charge, I tried her pair out. I was surprised just how quiet everything is on her pair. Audio programs I could keep at 25-50% volume on my phone and one or two clicks from the max on the old headset had to be set to max on both devices in order to be heard. Sadly by the time I noticed I was past the return window.  I don't recommend the 750 for these issues. My previous devices kept a charge for over two years, and the volume stayed consistent. To have two devices back to back fail like this makes me concerned about trying another version of this product.
R3RLEOEQFJB0OE	1	I thought the RCA brand would have been better quality, but it turns out this branding is ... It broke after one month of use. Very generic plastic. I thought the RCA brand would have been better quality, but it turns out this branding is inked on cheap plastic.  Very disappointed.
RIPRL2M3HXPFQ	5	Five Stars Totally awesome deal!!
R3M892IZXQM9M6	4	works great, just make sure you like the color Works. I dropped it like 20 times already and it really protects your screen. I just wish I got the all black color
R23Z0CHP9IP94F	4	Four Stars solid case to protect my phone.  home button requires a very strong push to operate.
R1RIFMQ91YF66T	3	Three Stars the screens break to easily
R3IFSKI6P0SJR7	5	Very quick delivery, after initial charge it seemed to ... Very quick delivery, after initial charge it seemed to lose its battery faster than I thought while a co-worker charged her phone. Looking forward to the backup power tho!
R1OP92IAZ4GB6O	5	Very happy with This Battery Charger brought my phone back from the dead! It was delivered in a flash. Very happy with purchase
R14EW96LMKNEX2	5	Five Stars OK
R2XFZYZO1UGOAY	3	Okay Windows phone did not fit.
RKYZKE65H9MHT	4	4 out of 5, but great for sports They are really comfortable for running and the shape does give it more strength over the ear so it does work great for sports. The only thing Im not so sure about, is the shape of the earphone it self. It feels funny and doesnt really sit tightly inside my ears as I hope it would. This makes the sound kind of strange every once in a while, but you get used to it.
R3EBZOZJ8KS42	5	Great case & company!!!! After  Researching for the right case I decided on this one and it was perfect.  So glad I c hose this company after reading their reviews. Definitely would buy from them again, Thanks
R29K8Q7VI8V61	5	Nostalgia in your pocket This phone case is what's up. I've already got multiple compliments on it.
R1ZGC26CNH0Q5Z	1	One Star Horrible the app that you are supposed to use is not on Google play store
R3SBBY6NJYZF62	1	Not Reliable Sometimes it will re-charge but most of the time it wont. Very disappointed with this purchase.
RHMYNROTYVDCN	4	Two Stars its doesn't hold charge well
R3FDZ8SPMEQOLT	1	Not that great. Doesn't charge the iphone 5 when on the Bose speaker. Sometimes works, sometimes doesnt for playing music through the speaker. Not that great.
RWP6JWWZSRDY0	5	Super! Like it very much!
RCH83QM4CT53B	5	this is my second one! I purchased this exact ... this is my second one! I purchased this exact same cover previously, but ruined it by getting tar on it!
R14LPYY6GIKRCI	5	Five Stars good case protects my 4 year old nephew from breaking the tablet
RXCJAVNQVP7JW	5	Five Stars Great product
R3AG9X1CUE6X15	3	You get what you pay for. You get what you pay for. I bought this to use on an upcoming trip to Europe;I'll pick up a pay-as-you go SIM there. I'll update this revview when I get back. For now, looking at the Android part of it.  The pros: - it's cheap - it works (synced up to my Google account with no problems) - it's cheap - wifi works fine - it's cheap - SIM and SD card insertion is easy and strightforward.  The cons: -miniscule memory makes it useless for all but the most basic tasks (calendar & email). I has to put in an SD card to even do the OTA update. - Android KitKat really doesn't let you move system apps to the SD card. - the screen sucks. Yes, it's small (I knew that ahead of time) but it's also dim and has horrible viewing angles. - touch is really hit-and-miss. I have fat fingers, but even with a stylus, it's hard to hit what you're aiming at.  Bottom line: is it worth it? Unless I run into problems with the phone part next month, the answer is &#34;yes&#34;. It's a cheap, functional &#34;throwaway&#34; Android phone that's adequate to the task, but no more.
R2BM54NUNM5QG1	5	Five Stars Great buy
R3H653Z070GB7U	5	Five Stars Really like the look. I have received many compliments
R26BM1YOWO93EP	4	Four Stars Got here a little later than I expected but it was worth the wait
R103WPW8SGTKCX	3	Three Stars Made phone bulkier than it was phone slipped out of case. Hard to use
R2HOGB22AFAGOR	4	Great protection; hard to use in hot weather Solid construction. Had a problem sliding the case open to use the phone in hot weather - very difficult to slide. As a result, I purchased another case of a different type.
R16QKRVRVKQHKT	5	Perfect fit Perfect fit for my iPhone5s
R3ASJSZFEJ2XJA	5	Five Stars Very cute and decent quality.
RUW0J5LLQ4TJX	1	One Star It stopped working after 2 days of use. I returned and received my money back
RU5GIXVBDNSJ1	5	Five Stars very fast phone
R17FQ5TYB91DH6	1	This product worked good for about a week This product worked good for about a week, and then it stopped working, I guess you get what you pay for!!! Save your money
R19BSY919IVG1Q	4	awesome When i bought them i was doubting if it was going to be good. When i got them i didn't like how they look (shape). But when i put them on they were little uncomfortable but when i started listening to them they were awesome sounding. Even though you dont feel the bass you can hear it good. The noise canceling is awesome. What i also didn't like was whrn you turn the volume up or down from the headphones it has beeping sound that are way too loud. Good: good bass, noice cancelation Bad: can't feel the bass, the volume beeps are too loud, shape, and sometimes uncomfortable.
R3BRVL5QTQ09O3	5	Easy install - worked immediately. Works as described.
R1QGEYOFQWV8H0	3	the picture quality is not that good. fast shipping Small but okay.some memory should come with it.the picture quality is not that good.fast shipping
R37UHONMICBAK6	4	love suppliers who can deliver Received very quickly, love suppliers who can deliver!  Does what it says, but knocked down a bit because of the disappointment finding out the phone needs to be placed on it pretty precisely in order for it to start charging (using Nexus 6).  Thought it would be a lot more convenient to simply place the phone right on top of it and that would be it but seems like there is a fair amount of slightly moving the phone around each time to find the &#34;sweet spot&#34; in order for it to start charging.  Tried without cases on, with, didn't matter.  -Edit to note that after using for a little while muscle memory begins to kick in and seems a lot easier now to place the phone on there lined up correctly so a bit of a learning curve in the beginning is all.  Charges fairly fast but compared to the Quick Charge cord provided by Motorola with the Nexus 6 it can't compare but not a huge deal for me, just an FYI for others.
R2FH99ZZ8SE0Q6	5	Five Stars The case was delivered on time and the quality was as promised.
RZDFSZGCLPXZD	5	Five Stars sound is very good. this is a great deal for the price.
R2AOUURXKAY407	4	Fits well but small gap between case and screen protector I put it on and haven't regretted it.  It does make the watch larger and beefier looking.  The only thing I didn't like was that the screen protector leaves a small gap of 2-3mm between the screen protector and the outer ring of protection.  No problems installing it
R3KC26CTXIGH38	5	Sounds great off of the my pioneer 6700 Can't beat these for the price. I've had them all. Sounds great off of the my pioneer 6700. I'm sure they would sound even better with an amp. If you were to spend money on an amp, do it right. Don't skimp if you want quality audio.
R49OCS1GSFV01	4	Four Stars nice
R3NL0N7I6FO0JK	5	Awesome case!! One of the best phone cases I've ever had it is sturdy and holds up pretty good when dropped.
R1JTPN07YM3K5O	5	Five Stars 😀👍
R233OR4XDX1Z6P	4	One fine Alpine One of the best Alpine I have ever owned.  My only concern is the sound adjustment needs a little more tweeking.  On my old Alpine, I could pick the frequency, and the MX was easier to turn on and off.  Other than that, this stereo is great.  It went in easy, and with all the necessary hardware. I love the Blu tooth capability, and especially the ability to play music without having a jack to connect to, even though it comes with both a jack and a USB port.  I would buy this all over again if I had to...
R4LVAVEDV21KH	5	Great product, great price This the second one I bought.  Great price for a great product, if only I would stop losing them!
RXIRWJTTKBQ79	2	Two Stars It stop's working less than a week
R2Q4L3UVDYN4I5	5	Not everyone can afford an iPhone I love this phone, It can work as a tracfone or be tied to verizon which I plan on doing soon. perfect if you want the perks of a smart phone and the affordability. I have an iphone 6 I use as an ipod now, those things are way too expensive for plans.
R190FEQACKY3SY	4	other than that it is really pretty! For what your paying its worth it but the cross does start de-coloring about after a week. other than that it is really pretty!
R14K94B2TD6U3O	3	Three Stars Does this case fit a note 3 phone?
R1KAWXERUGLU02	1	One Star Did not charge
RLLEB52P1M6TQ	5	Good quality & pricing Had been looking for some sort of holster to cut down on &#34;pocket calls&#34;! This clips on ok but is a little bulky due to the size of the Note 2. But no more unplanned calls going out!
RWSHQ9FNL9ICI	5	Love this case Love this case. It's solid and the back is sticky enough to use the case as advertised without also acting as a dir magnet. Some nits kf ljnt etc stick but nothing major. The back and sides offer a nice rubbery feeling in hand as well.
R16H3V8NAK44AK	5	Fantastic! If you don't have Bluetooth or an aux jack in your car, this is perfect. Signal is clear, despite going over radio.
R278S0NHR9G19Z	1	One Star ITS THE WRONG SIZE. IT DOES NOT FIT Huawei Ascend II
R1RYG5AFRWVBRI	4	Four Stars Almost perfect except it arrived cracked.  Because it is clear, it isn't too noticeable, but it was kinda disappointing.
R2BOA40EQ708XH	5	Now I'm a jerk in public. This is very easy to use although sometimes it starts taking rapid photos for some reason. I'm glad I can finally take decent family pictures.
R378WSXF1QJRNK	5	Five Stars Perfect fit, perfect suction
RWS5DCBWFE1WC	5	Five Stars Works as advertised. This transmitter allows me to share my playlists with a work out buddy.
R1INBH7HOZTVW7	5	wonderful I have used this for a week. Comfortable, warm and has good quality sound. Slept through a neighbor's party.
R3F2WARG1I0IHT	5	Five Stars I really enjoy these headphones; however, they do not stay charged long enough.
R2LREJ1AL1IXYH	4	Enjoy using it Enjoy using it, only think it doesn't seem to work on iPad with FaceTime. Works with movies and use It outside to listen to radio station.
R2ES2QPXTO9EYZ	5	Five Stars It was Grate!!!!
RIXYF4RC1MFT	1	I had black one and it wasn't looking bad on watch although it hides the shining side surface ... should have read it other reviews before buying. It keeps falling off and finally I lost one. Now I cannot return it as well. Other than that, it was OK. It is not hard plastic, it is soft rubber band and somewhat protects the watch from minor bumps. I had black one and it wasn't looking bad on watch although it hides the shining side surface of the watch.
RHJY7LB6H572G	2	Really great price and nice colors They're okay cords.  Really great price and nice colors, but much of the time they don't work when charging my iPhone or iPad.
R33YME3BN4S2ZV	1	DONT BUY!!! They are very cheap and the rubber comes off very easily they barely work
R1B503RP8RWAXE	5	Five Stars Awesome
R28PYKOSXIGAM1	4	I'd highly recommend this case. I got this case in Turquoise Mint and I love it! I have had quite a few Caseology cases and they never seem to let me down.  This case fits nice and snug and while it feels sturdy and protected, it doesn't add a lot of weight or bulk to the phone. The material is like a thick TPU and it is VERY smooth to touch. The color is vibrant and beautiful.  I took one star off because the case needs to be slightly altered for the Verizon version of the Note 4. This is actually a common problem with the Verizon phones, the mic hole to the left of the charger port is about 1/4 inch farther away than it is on the other carrier models. This is due to the different chipset that Verizon uses over AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, etc. But it is an easy enough fix so you can get around it.  All in all, I'd highly recommend this case.  Disclosure: I received this product on a promotional discount for my honest review and they are 100% my own opinions. However your own opinion might vary. I received no monitory compensation and not required to give a good review. This disclosure is in accordance with the Federal Trade Commissions Guidelines on Testimony and Advertising.
R63B200NH05G9	5	Five Stars Just beautiful and I love it.
R1O35PJE0B4QKR	4	glad I bought it Very handy piece of equipment for those of us that are in our cars a lot.  It's a bit top heavy so the connection does come and go a little bit.  None the less, glad I bought it.
R2WGMV8FIWGMA7	5	WONDERFUL Wonderful! Great to have an easy to use product with a free online help to install video too. Nice price and super fast shipping.
R1NBZ9ZFYS4ZYZ	1	Horrible waste of money I had this professionally installed. As soon I played the first song it sounded like the voice coil was blown. I've messed around with the different levels so much and it still sounds like complete sh*t. Such a waste of money. Hundreds of dollars spent on this just to be used for a month then disconnected and put away in a closet.
R36AQRPP7HA05F	5	Five Stars perfect stand
R394SJ33AAWKWU	5	A good buy. This case is sturdy, easy to use, and provides good protection for the Samsung S6. It is at least equal to cases selling for over $40 in the phone stores.
RZV6SBWFT3GZD	3	I'm disappointed. I assumed that the plug was a T-shape so you could plug in a microphone. The hole is plugged. I'm disappointed.
RYD2PY3C3F5S3	5	It does have a tightly coiled cord so you can't really talk easily while driving but we use blu tooth anyway This is our 2nd purchase of this charger.  My husband wanted one for his car too!  It does have a tightly coiled cord so you can't really talk easily while driving but we use blu tooth anyway.  We always double check that it is pushed all the way in every time we hook our phone up to the charger to make sure it is plugged in.  It does have a red indicator light to let you know that it is all set.
R2ISGTLZB141IW	4	Rough job environment? Not so much Great phone case, it fits nice and snug, true to its words, waterproof shock proof. My only problem is that it seems to be not tough enough for a Marine. I dropped it so many times the from cover is falling off the stand broke off and a corner of the case broke off, still sick and water proof but unsure if I want to test it, I bought another one because I am sure the next one is to last longer. Great case for a great price, just not intense work environment
RV3KF2Y2GI7D9	4	Easy to use, holds great. Works great with my 5s. Make sure to REMOVE PHONE if you turn on the heater!. Makes it somewhat less than ideal in the winter, however it's easy to remove if needed.
R2FAHTL2OLW6Z5	5	Great case especially for a teen who drops phone a ... Great case especially for a teen who drops phone a lot. This is  new one for iPhone 6. Looks great and price / shipping were excellent
R1FXPOZS3XD9P9	1	the battery lasts 4 the battery lasts 4 hours
R2TM1JXNGLU7AC	1	Poor Quality Worked fine, but it needs a stronger strain relief.  The sheating on mine at the Lightning connector broke away from the connector leaving the wires exposed.  Soon after the wires frayed and I had to dispose of the cable.  Maybe this was a fluke, but for $15 I expected better.
R286LQQJ265LJN	4	Worth it Good color and very useful for college students.  However the wristband is pretty cheap quality and feels like it will rip any moment.
R3564TF6SAUPYC	5	Love it Love it....it's small & very sturdy and holds my cell phone perfectly
RHZHUPKVGU1QU	4	Four Stars Nice. My granddaughter like it. I received it sooner than expected. Thank you so much.
R29YO9060BVVFP	5	Worth the price Well this is the third intelliglass product that I have used.  Two for the galaxy note 4 and one for the wife's galaxy s5  all went on with out problems except for the first one on the note.  But it was my fault.  Looks clean and smooth.  S-pen glides over the screen.
R2VILDVZD3KFPK	5	Wonderful! Great product! Love it!! Works real good and nice fit for my cell..
RXQ9GL6DIMMQU	5	Five Stars Great product.
R2GLGQU9S2HUFB	3	Three Stars Good!
R3OLDQGB9MTYOP	4	Four Stars Really nice quality for the price
R1X7T4QVJT5QZS	5	Five Stars excelent
R3FRI7HXRZ062M	1	One Star Cheap Apple knockoffs with horrible sound.
R35NC8Y3GXI99J	1	Wrong screwdrivers. Wrong screwdrivers, we need a T1. No point in ordering this package.
R361XO77BNVXLR	5	Five Stars At first I was skeptical but this product was Perfect! My phone never got wet.
R36C8J7SZI8SQS	5	Good power and looks great. Was delivered on time works well and I would recommend.
R3HJVKQ9H1LVD1	5	Nice deal Nice case very slim I had an expensive Life Proof case before; I prefer this one
R33L76VX15UHOU	5	Five Stars Came on time it's good quality and the extra port is useful
RU024GH92EST1	5	I like the concept I like the concept, to have a full cover and a small space for your money and a few cards.  This only took a few days to arrive.  I was a little bit disappointed in the quality, it;s good, but not great...but for the price, it's not a bad deal.
R3C29DE6ZXUVJJ	5	Five Stars A+++
R1LUJ1Q7R2Q070	3	Its Okay. Its an okay product. I installed in my work helmet and it does not get as loud as i thought i was going to get. But still an okay product. Price does not match the quality. They need to lower the price a bit more
R14BLXZQBFOE8J	5	Best Case I've Ever Had, Slim and Designed Well I really like this design. The designer of this design I believe is Nicklas Gustafsson called \\"Wooden Navy.\\"  The design is also sold from Society 6, however their case doesn't fully protect the phone, here is the link [...]  I bought both of these products. I dropped my phone with the Society 6 case and it got a little dinged.  This case is light weight, feels good and protects the phone.    I paid $35 for the Society 6 one, this product I paid $0.89 for and a few dollars shipping. It said it would come in 2 months but actually took a few weeks.  All the buttons are very easily accessible. This case is actually designed very well above other cases. The original case designed by Society 6 does not protect the entire phone, this one does. Maybe the two makers of these cases can get together and design the ultimate product!
R2O69VVOLICTW5	3	dissapointed!!! Just got it. Disappointed! It's just glitter glued to plastic, rough and prickly edged. Also not a good fit.
R1U9HKHRFFIZRB	3	Three Stars It's not original Samsung  product but it's okay.
R2EV7TQTYCLCS5	5	Perfect! These are great headphones for sub $30. I've had these now for over 2 months and can tell you they provide sound quality to that of headphones that are over $100. The fit is excellent. I've not had great fit experience in the past with other products that go in my ear. They are very comfortable to wear. Overall I'm very happy with this product. Highly recommend if you're looking for a great sounding, comfortable pair of in-ear headphones.  I purchased this product from Amazon and have not received any compensation, free product or other benefit from the manufacturer or Amazon for my review. The product tested was NOT a free sample from the manufacturer and the opinions stated above are solely mine based on my interaction with the product.
R1E7HA9PTCI5C	5	Five Stars Quality is excellent very worth the price
R11MHQ4XDOU1RO	5	Five Stars Good case
R2J6R4YMDFM5I8	5	Love it Love it
R2NWWKDTZ0LQU4	5	Five Stars GR8 WOULD RECOMMEND
RPE4OE4AO0WDT	2	Does not fit or stick on phone. Do not buy. Like other reviewers have said, the protector does not fully stick to the phone and leaves a ring around the edges. It makes the phone look cheap. The top right of the protector has also been coming off since I put it on and leaves a large bubble.
RFINI80VTWPG4	5	so far, geat. Hopefully I won't have to find out if it works!
RGP9D8NGGVOBQ	5	good Loud enough to listen to in a decent size room. Has a good amount of bass for such a small speaker. Would definitely buy again
R3RBQ9EU3P9B3L	4	Four Stars This are nice headphones but my lgs have a better quality sound. .
R21YBAM8KT6CI9	5	Five Stars Love it
R2IPI2J06B4YF2	1	One Star It burnt out after about 6 hours of use.
R3MJ2KU5ZGIV01	5	Five Stars Totally perfect! Now I can charge 2 devices at once. Always useful especially on long trips
R28RXWUZDU4D06	5	Five Stars Exactly what I needed to replace the old one I had.
R16R7B63UMVFUP	5	Amazing Product Awesome case low profile not bulky I ordered it in red and love it. I will be ordering it again in other colors! Great buy!!!
R32TM4GPI7FXE8	5	This armband is perfect. I can fit my iPhone 6 in there ... This armband is perfect.  I can fit my iPhone 6 in there without having to remove it from the case (unlike other armbands I've tried).  The material is flexible enough to be able to use the buttons from outside, and the clear front still allows me to use the touch screen.  The band is not constrictive when I workout, yet it holds the phone in place perfectly.  I wash it by hand in cool water.  I use the belt to hold my key fob and my sunglasses at the gym.
R2GF9KPC8L4YSJ	2	When running better quality audio through the AUX input High end is tinny and distorted, likely a side effect of Bluetooth audio compression. When running better quality audio through the AUX input, the sound quality improves dramatically. However, the speaker just does NOT get loud enough. The rubber texture picks up and holds on to dust and dirt.  Got mine on sale at a box store for $40, and returned it the next day. Certainly would NOT pay $100 for it.
R23YAB9LADWN6K	4	Four Stars Great little case
RR7QYZ6NJKKKB	4	Sirius radio Ordered just before trip. Easy to install. Works great if you find the correct placement of the antenna
R3N6OOI75MY014	5	great! It is good product and good services. I like this Zagg always!
RLWYWNFG52V3T	1	Horrible Cords! hate it hate it hate it.  You get what you pay for.  Terrible connections.
RY349XZZBTP0S	5	Five Stars Fits perfect! Great protection for a great price!
RE15K7GKOFV9H	5	This is by far the most durable and best case. I've tried many cases. This is by far the most durable and best case.
R3N3M8A0KVEG2O	5	THIS IS THE ONE! This is by far the single best protector on the market. Functions perfectly , enhances the device, and really really works!
R2Z2KJJOBD00TM	4	Regular, not bad It's just a basic plastic phone back cover nothing major but if that's all you need it for like me it's protect the Phone.
R187OYWWES7JNF	5	Great product - Legit works perfect. does the truck for me!
R3R2Z5FMO8BZYB	4	Awasome customer services Works great. Would give 5 star for customer service!
R238XZNXSU307B	5	Love this case Came way before the expected delivery date, it's amazing quality, and very cute!!
R1GVA1R8RPJRX2	1	Buyer beware does not charge all phones listed! It says it charges windows 1020 it don't says it charges iPhone 4s it don't says it charges samsung s5 it don't ...so I tried a older phone I had I don't use cause the screen is cracked it's a Nokia 900 hey that worked completely useless to me it charges none of the 4 phones in the house ...
R1V4KI0KDAC5R0	5	Good product, it works What can I say, I wanted to connect my old monitor, and this item works for that purpose. Seems well made.
R1KANRH0GUH89J	5	Easiest repair I ever did. Easiest repair I ever did. No instructions needed.
R23GTCN3TKVCTM	5	Five Stars excellent!!!
R2R2Z9GWCB9HY5	5	Amazing performance I have had it for a while now and couldn't love it more it hits great, gets deep, and has great build quality i don't care if it's built in China or not it is build better than my American made car
RM6JO9T8XUF9U	5	Really gets into difficult places, great for selfies or for construction work and documentation I have never used a monopod or &#34;selfie stick&#34; before so I wasn't entirely certain what to expect. I am a historic preservationist by profession and frequently in old buildings you need details you can't easily access or photos of crawlspaces that are too narrow to navigate so I thought that this might help take photos in such circumstances. Although I've been in the market for one for a while, I had not settled on one until I saw this one which seemed complete yet simple enough to use for a first-timer.  Since I received it, I have done nothing but play with it! It fits my digital cameras, my phones, and the clasp piece which holds all of them can be adjusted so that it can turn into a mount for my regular camera. Even better, the clasp comes off to reveal a screw that can accommodate a camera directly! It's got a long reach. It's sturdy. The rubber handle is ridged for a good grip. It also has a strap at the end so it can be kept on a wrist for ease of use. I am so much happier with it than I had anticipated. Perhaps the best feature though is that you can snap pictures from the button on the handle! That's incredible!  I received this for free in exchange for a genuine critique
R2A16ZS6GM6ZE7	5	Great Phone Great Phone definitely worth the price and a nice screen size
RT5MEMC5TB6D	1	Good reviews for this piece of crap are paid shills. The other reviews are SHILLS. Check the favorable reviews: They were compensated for a good review. This item would not hold my phone for any longer than 60 seconds, and then it would fall off. I can just imagine how many people bought this expecting it to hold their phones up only to have them fall down, fall out of the car, and hit the concrete and shatter.  DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK.
R3GDJ0MDHEL1R9	5	Five Stars Great
REWMKRMYECTM0	5	Five Stars Very happy with product
R2BGVV2CY9S4PP	5	Five Stars Fit just right and protects my screen great. Easy to install.
R3H1N4MFI7OUGC	5	The RavPower USB charger is very good & works as advertised and I am very satisfied ... The RavPower USB charger is very good & works as advertised and I am very satisfied with it. Venkatesh
R31V2USPA53W9P	1	Cheap, order better glass protector Not pleased with this purchase. Comes with two protectors and first one the punch outs weren't aligned properly and would needed to be put on phone crooked. Second one lined up good. Bubbles were minimal and easy to remove. My problem was that it left a blurry look to the screen. Expected from a film protector I suppose. Rubbed nail on protector lightly to remove last bubble after other methods didn't work and it ripped right through. Customer service was good though for replacement.
R1E973K8VGM3ER	5	... this charge for my desk and it works just like the one that came in the box with my ... I got this charge for my desk and it works just like the one that came in the box with my phone. Plus it came with an extra cord.
R386SQHVIAMVSC	1	Wrong size Be careful when ordering, there is no way this cover fits the s6 edge, it about 3/4 the size and will not stretch
R2914SO9QBS2L	1	this product does not work, it is awful! ... this product does not work, it is awful!!!  ... water damage to iPhone 5S ...  life proof does not stand behind its product ...
RHPMS6XBM0DKP	3	Three Stars sort of works
R1FT0NA48LLBWQ	5	Five Stars Thank you
R20F6Q10V3Y3CV	5	Five Stars Great little case.
R28M19HJ8AZKRF	1	One Star broken in two months
R21TKV9FEKKPZ7	4	It definitely protects the phone. I've dropped it a ... It definitely protects the phone. I've dropped it a few times and it's still safe. It does block the front camera a little though.
RZGQE92DO625A	5	Five Stars Came very fast I love. It got dirty quick, any ideas on how to clean?!
R21U1I6CPM5T3T	3	like a plastic membrane or just the raised lip protection Does this case have screen protection?like a plastic membrane or just the raised lip protection?
RKK9FKIWZRYVT	5	Five Stars I'm very unhappy with this item.  It has very low memory and the internal storage filled very vast
R77OPLCZNO1ZO	5	Five Stars Well made sturdy protective and attractive case.  Its a great buy!
R1MAPGSR0U00VR	5	I have thoroughly tested the product to the best of my ability before posting this review I was sent a review copy of this product free of charge in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion. I have thoroughly tested the product to the best of my ability before posting this review.  The I6 Cable(TM) lightning cable is a very good alternative to the genuine Apple lightning cable, and it's value for money makes it far superior than most alternatives on Amazon.  From Apple, the lightning cable costs $19 and will probably last you around six months before the plastic wrap begins to peel. A very common issue amongst Apple users - just check any social network!  The extra length means you can actually use the phone while it is charging.  This lightning cable is wrapped in a slightly thicker and more durable plastic which will hopefully last longer and prevent it from tearing and ripping around the lightning connector area.  you won't get an error message saying 'This accessory is not compatible with iPhone' when you plug it in. This is usually the case for a lot of cheaper.  I can also confirm this works flawlessly with my iPad Air, iPhone 5 and iPhone 5S. It's also good to see that I6 Cable(TM) have confidence that their product will last longer than the Apple equivalent, which is why it comes with an 12-month warranty! I'll surely be updating this review in 12 months time.  An improvement that could be made to the I6 Cable(TM) lightning cable is that it could be wrapped in Nylon rather than plastic. There are other products out there that use a Nylon cable over a plastic one simply because it is so much more durable and can withstand a lot of abuse. I currently use a Nylon-wrapped lightning cable and it has lasted me over 8 months already without a single sign of wear. It will be interesting to see how this one holds out comparatively.
R10HNUEAFDD7U7	5	Full charge ahead. Perfect battery and a great price.  Works perfectly in my phone and has restored my battery life back to original like new condition.
R1SF54U7XGT6WY	5	This is an awesome case. Everything that is said on their website ... This is an awesome case. Everything that is said on their website is true about it I especially love the feel and how slim it is.  Great Product looking forward to my next purchase and color.  They should offer a red case as well just a thought.
R1VKZ85WDKT56R	1	One Star Screen still shattered with this case on, save your money
R2ZW9N2OBR6OZ4	5	Great case! Case held up great durring the time i had the phone!
R32FAO6GWJ6JRL	1	One Star not good broken item.
R15RAXZ6H4SGHE	5	Five Stars Great!
R6BFSS7WB4LYF	5	I'm so happy now I don't have to charge my phone everytime ... I received my order in just a few days. I'm so happy now I don't have to charge my phone everytime I turn around.
R35VDMBEBBFUFP	4	Reception good most of the time Recvd on time . Reception good most of the time. Audio on other end said to be faint.
R26QFPG0XU657D	5	Five Stars Excellent application.
R2IKIU88Y2XOSW	2	Two Stars Returned. Slow to charge and was smaller than I thought it would be.
R1XVFM1CCEEYIF	3	Fashion over function? It's beautiful and I do feel like it will protect my phone well if I drop it.  Unfortunately not all of my chargers fit through the opening in the case so I have to take the case off to charge the phone depending on which charger I have with me.  I am hoping that it doesn't leak on my phone like others have reported.  Now I'm thinking about replacing it even though I haven't had a problem with it yet.
RRWW5EAIOE4Q9	2	screen problems Screen went blank after a couple of months.
R3OWLCGU7U4Z9H	5	I like the slim look and feel I like the slim look and feel. Feels durable and fits the phone perfectly. I would order from them again.
R1PSKFRWS4EJG6	1	One Star I give it 1 star for idea, but it is faulty
R1PJ1LON1QX8WY	5	Such a great case for the price I've had this case on my phone for over two years and it has worked splendidly. It has yet to let my phone suffer any damage and I drop it all the time. Such a great case for the price.
R1KDZM2404PU2N	5	GOOD FOR THE PRICE So far so good... bought 2 just because I got a promocode and got it really cheap. Although it was only $10 with the discount, it was easily worth $20 and for sure. So far after several months, its good for what it does. No complaints.
RQN3BEYBVR9FX	1	No access to Mute key, speakers covered. No access to Mute key. Completely covers ear speaker and lower speakers causing low volume and muffled sound. Description says &#34;access to all buttons&#34; then later says &#34;except mute key&#34; it's quite deceiving. I've only had this for one day, it fell from the floor board of my LOW car to the pavement, and the lanyard holder broke in half. I really don't know how this has had a 5 star rating up until now. It is very low quality, especially for the price.
RXM2S0CJJ5EX	4	This is a very compact selfie stick and feels good in your hand This is a very compact selfie stick and feels good in your hand.  The quality seems good for the price and I think it should hold up nicely.  I wanted a hard wire shutter version because I don't want to worry about if it's charged when I want to use it.  However, only time will tell if the wire connection at the head will hold up over time.  Yes, I would recommend this product to a friend.
R2SVKVRH6F2SH1	3	Three Stars ok
R2GTLTAW4NDUHC	5	Five Stars works great
RFDS6FJU4HCVF	5	Five Stars I absolutely love this case. The quality is amazing.
RBND8FTN8XOGB	5	Great the price. Love the quality.
R3FVNNIVZLMKQZ	5	Like it a lot Many uses! Like it a lot.
R12M2E33H4SZG1	5	Great speaker These are great little speakers. Bluetooth connectivity is easy on both my phone and laptop. The sound is amazing for the size of the speaker with good bass response.  Phone calls can be routed through with ease and the built in microphone is adequate. Very portable and with a decent battery life and good recharge time. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this and several of my friends have bought one after hearing mine. At this price you can't afford not to.
R1AWA6FLVIR6SW	1	not happy would not purchase again One of the handsets stopped working after using it 3 times. And I can't return it, not happy would not purchase again.
R3H6BJVQLVZA8V	5	Light, flexible, and protective! I purchased this because it was partially transparent and it shows off the vibrant blue color of my ipod touch 5. It is VERY easy to put on my ipod, and fits like a glove. The silicone material provides a nice grip and it does not slide off. It is simple, yet still protects the ipod well. I would definitely buy again!
RJ6LX762J9DN7	5	Absolutely love the look and feel of it This case fit my Moto E LTE perfectly.  Absolutely love the look and feel of it.
R281MNY8HA2BE9	5	After watching a few youtube videos of actual testing I felt comfortable buying it This mounting system is fast and lightweight. I was nervous our how reliable this product would be. After watching a few youtube videos of actual testing I felt comfortable buying it. Glad I bought it. I used it for an ipod touch and it is supported very well. It just made it across Wisconsin without giving me an issue.
R2VC2PVJIO11EF	4	The Edge 200 works well. I have had issues ... The Edge 200 works well.  I have had issues a few times getting it to find a GPS signal.  In those cases I have to power it off and on to get it working.  Other than that issue it has worked very well.  The only downside is that it tells me how far off I was on my mileage estimation before.  :(
R3NPKYS4FDYK7G	1	It's absurd that Amazon is selling this item. It ... It's absurd that Amazon is selling this item.  It speaks in Chinese and there's no information on how to change the language.
R24VY8R5WJI941	1	One Star It didn't work and I was disappointed.
RXM7NUL6XEU12	5	Great product Love this, brought it on vacation and was able to charge multiple phones easily. Not too heavy, would definitely recommend!
R1HYV5UZH7CKYF	5	Love Just got it. Love it
R3SEDRYIZDVSZZ	1	One Star Didn't like it
RWXPHS2T9CNUU	5	Five Stars NICE
R1E2M52I9IZPG3	5	Five Stars Used it very much.
R25IXGZH293RO	3	... Seedan Lovely Cat Gel Back Case for Samsung is adorable and of a high quality material The Seedan Lovely Cat Gel Back Case for Samsung is adorable and of a high quality material. It is, however, a thinner gel case and will not provide the highest level of cushion should the phone be dropped.  One issue I saw was that the openings cut for the charger, volume, etc. are just ever so slightly off.. In my opinion, the case is great for occasional use but, due to the inconsistencies in the placement of the openings, may not be be best for everyone.
R3TTFDYCJ2SNFC	4	Good Case Nice case, fits well.
R1XMIMKLZVBJB8	5	We're happy w our iOttie These are great. I'm a field service tech and drive everywhere for work. I love the face you can place these anywhere on your dash or windshield.  This fits my iPhone6 (not iPhone6 plus) great while using phone for gps. It works so well that I purchased one for my wife and her Samsung S5 fits it as well and she really likes the iOttie.
R3FAE1H1O9MV0O	5	Five Stars Small and light. Barely notice that I've added a cover to my G3.
R2SP74WJ3BAP9J	5	... headphones in the $12-$70 these are by far the best sounding and absolutely the best value of all that ... i have bought several sets of headphones in the $12-$70 these are by far the best sounding and absolutely the best value of all that i have tried. they have the best bass response of all of them, and even sound better than many of my corded units.
RDEEY0GT951R1	1	Not good for mobile.  Too Fragile! While they worked well for a couple months, the metal posts the speakers sit on have both snapped.  I don't see a way to fix it easily as the metal post inside the speaker needs to be replaced.  These might be good clamped to a pipe in your room, but don't use them on anything that moves because the vibrations will break them.
R3SXMGKAPSDPM9	4	I love it but it doesn't look like the picture I'm changing my review because though the color is somewhat off, this is a very protective case. A SUV ran my phone over while it was in this case and my phone survived and the case was only slightly scratched
R1LKJHGWUA6ND2	5	Five Stars I would have liked it to give the phone numbers calling the phone
R3HFS7E1HX66MA	3	Three Stars Gasket failed had defect in rubber
R7D6DZU0X8JY2	5	Great color. Have received nothing but compliments on the color.  It has protected my phone several times when it was dropped.
R2A61WRTS9V5KD	5	BUY IT! Just got my new case and so far so good. Looks just like it does in the picture. Only thing I don't like about it is that when you open the case all the way the magnetic part won't hold the case when it's open, but I knew that would be an issue when I purchased it. Very nice quality and very fast shipment :)
RLRLFJRP3DS8E	5	Amazing Amazing, started a diesel lawnmower with a dead battery that would not charge
R24DO2U2NXQ8CJ	2	I DOWNLOADED HIPPO LITE AND IT WORKS JUST FINE. HAD TO RETURN AND GOT A REFUND IF YOU HAVE 2012 AND NEWER MACS- DO NOT BUY. THIS IS NOT COMPATIBLE. AFTER RESEARCHING AND CALLING APPLE SUPPORT- I FOUND OUT THIS DOESNT WORK ON NEW MACS BECUASE THEY DO NOT COME W/ INFARED .....  YOU CAN DOWNLOAD ANY APP AND USE IT TO PLAY MUSIC, NETFLIX, HULU, ETC. I DOWNLOADED HIPPO LITE AND IT WORKS JUST FINE.  HAD TO RETURN AND GOT A REFUND
R29RKB2ZLE5FSK	4	Four Stars Good!
R5DYU5XY2R7O6	5	Serious power backup. A tad bulky (compared to other chargers) but carries much more power and works just as claimed.  NOTE: charged phones, Nooks, and lots of other devices just fine.  Would NOT charge an Asus tablet, but the Asus tablet is a pig.
ROJ1148U0WSJO	5	Worked Well Works beautifully to go from iPad to TV
R16OXR9JAJ9R91	3	I like the slim design and able to get almost three ... I like the slim design and able to get almost three full charges for my S6, as long as I don't use it at the same time.  When I charge the device it doesn't indicate it has a full charge light...always one light bar...so I never know how much I have left.  Otherwise, it's a good product.
R13BIVEJ3D7ITX	5	Five Stars Great product. Works well. Good price.
R2D0LB3XMNG16I	4	Almost Perfect Absolutely loved it!  Did not give it a five stars because the JETech logo on the back is TOO LARGE.  The reason why people buy clear or transparent covers is so you can see the natural beauty of the phone.  Nowadays phones have gorgeous designs you don't want to spoil with an ugly cell phone cover, but you still need to protect your phone from scratches.  I would definitely recommend this product and would encourage to make their logo invisible.
RRT3JXL5AQ6KW	5	Five Stars It does what I need it to do.
R1HRD0X852ZP6E	5	great protector Very fast shipping and it was packaged well so the film was not bent. Can't wait to put it on my phone!
R20KQJAK795GHV	4	Good value Nice product at a nice price.
R1H8VRUS3C3PJU	5	Great addition to my phone ! It is great not to have to charge my phone every day, or have a low battery half way through the day of heavy use. Fits perfectly on my Samsung S4.
RTIOGKHC5QTZB	5	Awesome stylus! Incredible!  This is one of the best stylus's I've used.  My ipad responds very fast.
R301GE07Z3ZZO0	5	Top notch Best glass screen I ever bought.
R2DCBC1QH1RWC	1	Worst case ever!!! Worst case ever! Not only did it not fit or connect you also couldn't charge the phone with the case on.  Basically I just caught 17 bucks on fire for no reason... disappointed!
R2TIKNMUN2HZZL	2	Two Stars broke within two days of having.
R1I0N5OMF293W2	5	Five Stars Very good product, recommended 100%
R1OPPUBT0Z637B	5	Buy It! This is a good tracker for the money!
R3L5HLU9R3EWD9	5	A great value! Light weight, quality, and durable. A great value!
R2WY9CUIUBSXFD	5	but I used these with the Comply Foam Ear Tips and I was blown away how great they sound Damn, why Cant they just be a little cheaper. I am very picky with my money, but I used these with the Comply Foam Ear Tips and I was blown away how great they sound. I don't even play with the ear hooks/wings/ whatever everyone wants to call them. I don't have too. with the Comply Foam tips, you get an incredible seal that blocks out the World around you and When using the right size, you can workout and run and jump and head bang knowing your headphones will not be falling out. I love the hardshell case in comparison to the cheap bags that everyone else provides, the bags protect from scratches and nothing more, the case that come with these, will protect your investment. They are as portable as you can get without purchasing the EARIN. Bottom line, all customers would appreciate a lower price on any and every item, but these are honestly worth the money as long as they are durable enough. only time will tell that tale.
R1F9E27G9GL9NB	5	Five Stars fast shipping works great
R15868QUEEJIP	5	Five Stars Great item my customers love the results from repairs using your product thanks
R205N22A8OHNF	5	Five Stars Works great and isn't intrusive at all. I love it.
R3OENYUK6ZVKJG	3	Three Stars Love the size, but the plug for the iPhones is super tight...
R2H81X7CXZW43S	2	The product and shipping ammenities were fine. When I applied the screen The product and shipping ammenities were fine.  When I applied the screen, it took quite a while for the air bubbles to disappear (the instructions said a few days; it took a few weeks).  The screen also seems to smudge very easily via fingerprints and stylus use. I have to wipe off the screen with a microfibre cloth once every few hours, or it will start to build up and look rather nasty.  Edit: I was sent another one, and this time the air bubbles disappeared quicker than last time.  Still, it smudges really badly and has fingerprints everywhere. One of the pictures shows that it doesn't have any, but that's obviously not the case.
RB8T00CE4XP12	5	Works better then I even hoped for Works better then I even hoped for.  Dealer wanted $450.00 to replace the the Bluetooth module on my 2006 Acura TL.  This cost me $50.00 and works perfectly, It's voice control and crystal clear.  The only negative but it is not the Jabra fault, before engaging the Jabra you will have to turn down your music yourself.  But saving $400.00 is well worth that one little drawback.
R1BWJCGRWG7LRN	3	Looks great but very brittle. The case looks and feels fantastic. Unfortunately it is extremely weak. the small tab surrounding the power button broke taking the case off. I was extremely careful when trying to remove the case because the tab was so small but it still snapped easier than a toothpick.
R13NAPN1T2SM9N	5	Good fit, reasonable protection, looks good This is a great case. It fits the phone well and the magnet keeps the cover in place with no difficulty. It gives reasonable protection against a fall and keeps both sides of the phone safe from scratches. Looks nice too.
RZCH17C5S0JKY	5	Five Stars It works. Had one for 10 years and gave it to my niece. Couldn't go without it...
R113I3TY174P31	5	By far the best screen protector I've ever used By far the best screen protector I've ever used. Very easy to install. No bubbles. All 4 corners are secure. No issues whatsoever.
RH1E2NZXKRDQN	1	One Star Didnt work. Charger didnt fit in hole. Sent back for replacement. We will see.
RLQL04BL0QXOJ	4	Tried many... This one is a keeper I had been looking for a cheap phone to replace my Galaxy note in my work environment because I don't want to break it.  I've tried 5 different phones: 2 Cubot, 1 Blu , 1 Irullu and the RCA M1. Well I can tell you that the previous ones had issues but the RCA works best. Since starting using it my Note stayed in the drawer. The RCA does everything I want it to do and does it quite well... It has only 1 issue which I can live with. The WIFI sometimes looses signal and I have to fight to get it back (Part of this may be due to my router here).  The camera is worthless at night or in low light but works OK in daylight. The video format is .3pg which many people can't view when sending a video via email. (workaround is to use a video converter before sending) .  I would recommend this phone to anyone who want a disposable phone that works. 3G works fine on 850mhz but the phone does not support 3G on 900mhz. I use 2 different companies and one is on 850 the other on 900. Does not bother me because the 3G prices are the same for the both companies so I just use the 850 one.  Actually I've bought 2 of them and would buy an other right away if I break one to always have a spare.  I've used some heavy apps some are a bit slow but still do the job. Skype works but on the slow side.
R1NF3T8Q5LE50S	4	Four Stars Looks a little different when your phone isn't white, but still cute!
R36593TF3VB2AC	5	No issues Legit company, legit battery
RXT2PVQ7DMBJX	5	You need this in your life This product works amazingly. I didn't want to spend they money to get the stereo replaced on my older model car, I take a lot of road trips, and i'm cheap, so this product is a dream. The sound was awesome, and it was super simple to use. Would highly recommend.
R2LL26FIIGNKFS	4	Very nice for the price I have had fm transmitters before, and I was aware going into this purchase that reception can be sketchy, and you usually have to have the thing sitting just right.  When I got this unit I was very pleased with it's ease of use, variety of features, and for being an fm transmitter the reception I was getting from it wasn't too bad. It was definitely tolerable. This was my cheap solution for modernizing my truck without tearing into the dash to install a custom unit. Can't beat it for the price.  Oh, but fyi... It's pretty bad when being used for speakerphone. I tried it once, and the other person couldn't even hear me. I use a different unit for phone calls. This unit works well doing just about everything else it advertised.
R2VOAJNT0OOOP8	1	Fake claims 10000maH does not seem to be right. I could only charge a samsung s3 and iphone 6 at one go. And had to charge all over again. Barely two weeks into my purchase and it hardly has any charge capacity
R2VOP9YEWJIIDG	5	Great so far So far so good. It really is easy to get on if you have a steady hand. Mine is slightly more to one side but since nothing was affected by this I didn't try to take off n reapply. When you  lay it on the screen it immediately adheres. Absolutely no bubbles. That's how easy it is. Place it on and bam you're done. It doesn't wrap down the sides, it sits on top with a very very tiny space on either side. This allows you to use a case. I've got the incipeo ngp and the two together fit great. It feels great and the touch is perfect. It looks and feels like glass so the touch is smooth and the visual is totally clear with no distortion. I haven't dropped my phone so I don't know if it will protect the screen or not. I'm hopeful that if I do drop it, the Sir Lancelot will save the day.
R2UU2T2ZFQNU4B	5	When I first preferred them I was a little worried ... When I first preferred them I was a little worried, but once we got to the camp site they worked exceptionally well. I was actually surprised by the range on them, and the sound is phenomenal !
R3GBJXOHGDHZNM	2	Not a good quality. Once u take the film off so u can attach one side to the phone the protector bends and does not want to fit to the phone. Lifts on all sides. Not a good quality...
R1WWX957FR1M0H	1	One Star Didn't work for me! Received only one piece... not the three pieces shown in the picture.
R23LIKR7JM5MR6	5	The best product on Amazon The best product on Amazon.  We took this for our phones on our cruise.  We took snorkeling photos with our phone and not a drop inside the bag.  I tell everyone about this.
R2ZKB5LFL61UGW	1	Can't really find a place on the steering wheel where ... Can't really find a place on the steering wheel where you can secure it and have range of motion of the wheel
R3H0S1UHUQP189	2	Two Stars It broke when I got it
R3EXXPETCDSMBP	5	Charges my android galaxy note 3 super fast. Fastest i've seen for any charger Charges my android galaxy note 3 super fast. Fastest i've seen for any charger. Great feel, nice smooth color. very happy.
RM5SRFDHFKOJ9	4	Good product, but you have to buy your own USB-to-MicroUSB adapters... A very convenient item. The con is that it does not come with a USB-to-MicroUSB adapters, so I had to spend additional money in order to purchase that.
RLDQD3BYKV2ST	5	Nice! great look and fits well.
R8Y5LRZNYX76P	4	top knotch power and NFC capability. Power wise, its great. Construction is lacking in some ways. After months of rigorous use swapping between 2 of these and an OEM original, the bottom black plastic edge cracked off 3/4 of the way. It still works but be careful or you may have problems with the contacts not touching because of a now slightly shorter battery
R1JP3UZEZXFEU9	1	Fell apart right away Strap broke and starting coming apart. Didn't even use it that long either.
R2V8E20HGME82U	5	Easy to setup and now I go everywhere with this ... Now it solved my problem of selfie or asking strangers to use my phone which was un-safe from get go.  Easy to setup and now I go everywhere with this selfie stick.  I plan to buy for gifting to some close friends.
RAO6VABAP7OP2	5	Five Stars This is great when im working out. Finally found one for the 6 plus!!!
R2MH55WPHZ7IQ3	2	Very disappointed. When charging 2 devices the 2nd device blinks on and off as though you were unplugging and plugging in the charger, it does this on all devices that I have tried to charge.  Very disappointed.
RMU46E7Y2VVE	5	but then they started using it and really liked it as well I've wanted one of these for years.  I bought one as a Christmas present for myself since I didn't really get anything. When my family saw it, they laughed, but then they started using it and really liked it as well.  This is especially useful for me since there are cracks on my phone near the speakers and it cuts into my ear when I talk on the phone. The handset is much easier to hold and more comfortable as well. It's also more clear since I can't hear as much outside noises on my end.
RD8I71ZJ428TC	4	Four Stars worked well
R33UZRDPK8D4YA	5	yes! best back up battery I have owned!! this will charge my Iphone several times before I have to charge it. Love that it also charges my Ipad. Highly recommend.
R3V1I4HWP28FEJ	2	Two Stars bad screen,,faded colors ,,unresponsive to touch after cpl weeks ,,started getting spots in it ,
RQUDWCUHVD7CW	5	Solid cord at a solid price. Good cables are so hard to find (and afford) - and Anker has once again come through with a winner.  This cable is of the same high quality, durability, and dependability of all other Anker cables. I have never had it fail to charge OR sync, and the connections are reinforced to the extent that I can see no decay in integrity in those spots close to the connectors that typically fray.  Bravo, Anker - thank you for delivering yet again.  (In the spirit of full disclosure, I was supplied a sample for test and evaluation, yet I promise that my review is fair and honest.)
R3LCCEADHM86JK	5	Five Stars AWESOME fits BLU LIFE VIEW phone 5.2inch screen
R1KLHWXGQFK26M	5	Works great and works great in an airplane as well. Bought an iPad and saved $100 by getting the WiFi only model.  Only to realize there is no GPS on these.  So, bought this for GPS routing.  Works great and works great in an airplane as well.  Sit it near the window and your tracking your plane.  Standalone, you can use it to plot a route on a Polaris or other ATV.  I download the route and then overlay it on to a map.
R1DVSQHUMCI877	2	Spend a little more for a better sub I purchased this sub and box new off ebay mainly for the low profile. Fit perfectly behind the rear seats of my tundra crew max. Hooked it up to my Alpine 230w amp that was originally powering the component speakers.  The sub was blown after 3 weeks of use. Disappointed since I  never experienced the full potential of the sub. I always allow at least 1 month of break in before running the rated RMS wattage, or turning off the LPF. Replacing with pioneer shallow mount, same enclosure with slight reinforcements made. Much better
R1KXIZ6UX03KKA	4	It protected my iPhone 6 just fine, but was a little snug with the case ... I bought this to take on a recent trip to Costa Rica. It protected my iPhone 6 just fine, but was a little snug with the case on. I recommend taking the case off of your phone before using this waterproof case. Very durable, seals out any sand and water that could damage the phone. The plastic is very high-quality and didn't interfere with the quality of pictures, which was my main concern. I would recommend this product to a friend.
R2EEHORYYGHLG9	2	says it has magnetic closure, it does not! ... says it has magnetic closure, it does not !  and Gmyle says it does not come with magnetic closure,so if you want the cover to stay closed don't buy this one.
R3376NXTOFWBHO	1	A disappointment This is not at all a case worth for iPhone. The first day itself the plastic coating started peeling off. I had a spigen case but it's kickstand was broken so I was looking for a new one but this has been a disappointment.
R31U8M0LBWKJGY	3	Three Stars Charger does not work cords are good though and still worth the price
R1X9NVU59AY19G	5	Very happy!!! Wonderful quality, much better than I expected for the price.  Very pleased with my case!!!
R21AO5KLC8YS8E	5	Five Stars excelent
R30PC9R0FUB7BG	2	Two Stars Adorable design, but hilariously poor quality. You get what you pay for.
R2Z9S3VPCSDWCX	5	Five Stars Perfect and good
R59FN83GTQWNM	5	Solid Little Stand [[VIDEOID:409e7fcf7d98fb627689fd15405aaa77]] I like using my phone and sometimes tablet to follow recipes in the kitchen. The thing is I can make a mess and the phone always seems like it is in the way, or I cant see it well. That's where this guy comes in. This is a basic & small but hefty universal stand. I like that it can be used with a number of devices and adjusted to various angles. It has rubber pads under the stand to protect the surface it rests on and provide a bit of grip. The rubber pads are also in the cradle portion where your device rests and on the back to provide a bit of grip and cushion. Full disclosure this was provided to me by the seller to review. If you have any questions please leave a comment and I am happy to respond.  Update 11/16: This little stand is still going strong and is used almost every day in my kitchen:)  Amazon Disclosure Statement: -I received this product for free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review; or -I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review. Why the statement? Amazon says I have to. Why did I get the product at a discount? I guess I’m lucky. Either way I hope the review was helpful. I try to do my best to update reviews but if you have any questions about my long term experience with a product please leave a comment and I will gladly respond.
R3RDMQUDJSO89D	5	I was happy to see this product available for review opportunity to ... I was happy to see this product available for review opportunity to give my unbiased opinion.  I've seen these selfie sticks all over the place and the use has intrigued me.  This particular Maxpro stick is great.  It is so easy to use.  I thought I would have to have even the teeniest bit of tecno savvy, but no.  The handle is very good, no slip, hard rubber.  It has a telescope that allows you to extend the camera about three feet.  There is also a rubber holder that takes my iphone perfectly, but I think it holds any smart phone.  We've had a great time using it at a recent family gathering that we could easily shoot group shots and immediately post them; it looked like we had someone else taking the picture.  It was a kick for those who couldn't make it.  You can't tell that you were the one that just took that picture.  You can get creative with angles and get very interesting shots.  Of course, there is a button on the handle that allows you to take the shot.  I'm going to be using this at my office to make business quick videos.  It is great.  I couldn't be happier.  You can actually see a picture of yourself from a distance, just setup your camera to show reverse, in case you ever get lonely for yourself.  You probably want to charge it up before using for about 3 hours; I did.
RFY752ZB09N1J	1	Defective. Do Not Buy, Purchase OEM instead Lasted for less than 2 months after purchase, Defective product. No longer charges devices. Seems like the cables inside became loose and have a false connection.
R3E4D4HJS84CJ6	3	It will be useful, but now I've got to go buy something ... While I can use this as a phone battery in the car, it does NOT have a cord that connects directly to the iPhone. I had thought it would.  It will be useful, but now I've got to go buy something to connect it to my phone.  Should be a one purchase deal as far as I'm concerned.
R3N10D5GOUA6SH	5	Unsure why I didn't buy one of these sooner. ... Unsure why I didn't buy one of these sooner. It's very convenient since it allows me to charge all of my devices at once. Looking forward to bringing this on my upcoming travels!
R36MV6K5UC6DQA	5	Five Stars nice
RTOFA7CGPYN5S	5	I would recommend this item. I have really enjoyed this case. Fix perfect on my phone. Great for the price.
R2PZBVJ4CKH6V9	5	best deal ever! amazing prices and products. I needed this, and I couldn't get a better price with their promo code in exchange to leave a  review!
R2SOVE9D5DTVN0	5	So far I love these headphones So far I love these headphones. They stay put whether I'm running long distances or working out at the gym. It's easy to use and functions well.
RBH1E6PA6PS3C	5	Awesome Product! Super Easy to Place! Awesome Product! I never write reviews but I love this screen protector. It was super easy to place on my iPhone! It's the first time I didn't get dust or bubbles under my screen! Highly recommend this product.
R2T8OWTISB0TDN	5	I swear by this brand and case. Even got ... I swear by this brand and case. Even got my sister hooked. Have purposely thrown my phone across the room and it's still in new condition.
R2V9N5ZNYO768Z	5	Excellent product, I am very satisfied with its performance Excellent product ,  I am very satisfied with its performance.  It's the second one I have purchased.  With one exception:  they do not furnish a printed user's manual, only a PDF file you can download and print yourself ( it's 120 pages long! )
R1JQHHUFOVDCIO	1	AWFUL PRODUCTS Products don't work. Spend a few more dollars and get a better product. Very disappointed and will NEVER order from these suppliers again.
R22MEBRJD0593M	5	Love it Great product and works great. Having it 10 ft long is nice and can reach anywhere.
R13AHPNNRYPA0P	2	Two Stars Not what it was billed as, as only one port will charge at a time
R3KWD51ZDBMDJ3	5	Tested, worked great This thing worked great for my purposes; In a fairly quiet room, vocal only, undetectable (he was looking), batteries lasted for more than 90 minutes. Make sure it is directly touching your ear drum and you will feel like you are wearing headphones
R3KKXPN20KR2E9	5	This was a life saver in Asia Bought this for my recent trip to Asia and it did not disappoint.  I was able to recharge my phone battery twice a day which was critical for me using GPS to navigate.  Very reliable, I was very pleased.
R2CAX0MXCYAUUZ	3	Seems too good to be true? It is! (READ CAREFULLY - YOUR DATA IS AT RISK) I can't comment on the other accessories, but I can say that the 2TB USB flash drive offered here is a fake-capacity drive.  Plastic sticks, metal swivels, silver bullets, gold bars, iron man, and a whole range of generic and novelty styles drives advertising huge memory capacities at wildly low prices. What do they have in common? If you look inside, they have the same internals and they all have fake capacity.  You risk losing some or all of your valuable data if you buy this drive. Read on...  Beware fake capacity flash drives - especially unusually low-priced generic (and brand-name look-alike) drives 64GB and up.  This and many other cheap apparently high capacity flash drives are really low capacity 4GB or 8GB drives that have been hacked (controller chip settings altered) by dishonest Chinese suppliers so that they show a false inflated capacity. That is why their price is so low. Such drives are then redistributed by a few clueless resellers and by many other fully-aware resellers who are out to make a quick profit.  These drives will show their false capacity in Windows properties, but will quietly lose or corrupt your valuable data once their true capacity is exceeded. They will seem to work at first and files will look okay in their folders, but you will eventually find some or all of your data corrupt when played, viewed, or otherwise read back.  Your valuable data will be irretrievably lost.  As of Q3 2015, *nobody* makes true 2TB USB flash drives (but the market is full of fakes). The top available USB flash drive capacity is 1TB with the Kingston DTHXP30 HyperX Predator drive.  To achieve that capacity, Kingston mounts 8 memory chips, a controller chip and other necessary components on three interconnected circuit cards packed into a necessarily bulky package. Search for &#34;DTHXP30 review&#34; to see photos of the internals.  Those drives cost several hundred dollars, and the lion's share of this cost is the memory chips themselves. The circuit card, case, assembly costs, packaging, and distribution only add a few dollars.  The Chinese are great at producing a wide range of interesting generic and novelty designs, but they don't have a magic supply of cheap memory chips. They also do not have the ability to make a 2TB drive using a single chip design as is contained in this drive. The technology is not there yet.  There are lots of good flash drives available on Amazon, but only a few with true capacities above 256GB - all brand name drives costing several hundred dollars each. True capacity generic drives top out at 128GB for USB 2.0 drives (costing about $40), and the less common 256GB USB 3.0 generics (costing about $90). The market is also flooded with fake capacity drives offered at prices well below the true capacity drives.  Be especially cautious of sellers that offer the same style in multiple sizes, but where each doubling in size is only 25% to 50% more than the size below.  For example, if the 64GB drive is only $5 more than the 32GB drive, or where the 128GB drive is only $10 more than the 64GB.  Real memory is not that cheap.  If you do buy a low-priced drive, the first thing you should do is test the capacity using a utility called h2testw. This will fill the drive with data and then verify that it can be read back intact. The write phase usually completes without error. It is the verify phase that exposes the fake capacity. Testing the first 32GB is usually sufficient. For reasons stated above, you cannot trust the capacity displayed in Windows properties.  You can also test by filling the drive up to at least 35GB with videos or other large media files and then *most importantly* check to see if they can be played back. If the capacity is faked, the first few will play, but past some point, the rest will be corrupt.  Do not trust the capacity or space remaining shown in the properties display - that is exactly what is faked.  Search for &#34;fake capacity flash&#34; using your favorite search engine for more information.engine for more information.
R541W6HWL0A43	5	Yep...a keeper! Excellent value! I had some concerns the product might be too small and possibly scratch my ipad/iphone. That's a no on both! Solid construction, great look, excellent price. Well done Anker!
R2DPX1UHB7WC6D	5	A must for all apple watches Great product wish I got it when I was at the Apple Store but glad I waited to ordered it. Does what it says and looks great with anything!
R3FV4XBZQXCW4R	3	Nice design but not very durable. Lasted 10 months, OK for the price, I did by another one because the case is slim and fits the G4 nicely, I you need to take the cover off the phone to many times it tends to break very easy.
R1OXVOORMTQOQ4	4	Four Stars Nice wallet case, Gorgeous delicate design and color.
R3IL3JGDX2NCD	2	Product did not come with instructions. Huge air pocket ... Product did not come with instructions.  Huge air pocket on one side of the screen which appears to be getting bigger over time  Could be defect in phone or faulty installation (but without instructions, who knows).
R21KBYVCF5XGPA	1	Stopped Working After a Month I experience the same problem it seems many of the other reviews had here. I bought from Groupon, it worked perfectly for a month and then out of nowhere I got the error on my phone saying it was not an Apple Certified product and it stopped working. Very disappointed.
R1BO4Z2ABP83ME	4	Good Shower Speaker, great price Works well, is durable. Sound quality isn't the best but it definitely gets the job done as a good shower speaker.
R1KBUI2NZPY6UA	5	Love it! Love this wallet! Holds many credit cards and phone nicely. Room left for paper money as well.  Magnetic clip closure works great.  Nice find!
R3FP59USTVD6PF	5	Good price Just what I was looking for.  For the price, it is excellent.
R7BX6RUEYNYMW	1	I would love to give this case a good rating truthfully, I would love to give this case a good rating, but i just can not. It looks nice and feels good in your hand. The case does not seal all the way around the bottom portion of the phone. also, the camera lens is hard to clean. I did the waterproof test without the phone in it and it was successful. With the phone in it, it was in water for about 10 seconds before i could see water entering near the charger port. I have had two life proofs not and they are not worth even 1/3 of their cost.
R1FQJ6GEZ7JC7U	1	NOT WATERPROOF!!!! The description of this item on Amazon.com is &#34;iansean Muset1c waterproof Wireless&#34;.... They arrived today and the instruction manual for the iansean Muset 1c says &#34;Warning:  Do not expose the headset to liquids.  Note:  liquid submersion voids the warranty.&#34;  Um, false advertising much???
R3XOGTWOWH9DS	5	Looks and Works Great Small, sleek charger that comes with a high quality cable. Looks great, and works great too. 5 stars.
R2WFBXNDQ12Q6U	5	Amazing This is such a great case! I expected a LOT less. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a good quality case for a low price. I definitely know I got my money's worth.
RJDUS72NKBVU5	5	Good Nylon braid feels a little odd versus snotty wire but the cable appears to be well-made.
R16SHKXYA0P2IK	4	Excellent Multi Function Charging Cable Product was well made. I have only had for a couple days so I can't speak for durability but it would appear to be a quality product.  The ability to go from lightning to mini USB is a nice feature.  I will probably keep this in my bag as a backup cable because it is functional for several purposes. But for my primary charger cables I wouldn't want/need the extra charging type.  And finally, the LED light. It is a nice feature and it is extremely bright in a dark room. I like my bedroom completely dark so I can't use this for my overnight charger. But it works great if you need to find your phone at night or if you need a night light!
RT93UG5RUWUYO	5	back up batttery Needed this for a road trip. Excellent to keep GPS running in the car. WOrks a long time before a charge. Excellent.
REEAS6XJA0BYI	1	One Star would not stick to windshield
R332ASNUBEKGRE	5	Great case and service. Great case well made.  Customer service top notch.  They checked in to make sure I was very satisfied.  Great service.
R2MVOO057WHXOY	4	Nearly Flawless in Every Way I only gave it 4 stars because -- honestly -- I can't find it in myself to love a small sheet of glass (c'mon Amazon!), but this item was absolutely perfect and I couldn't be happier with it. If you've never replaced an iPad 2 digitizer before, be forewarned: this is *not* an easy job, even for a relatively experienced DIY'er. Yeah, you'd be crazy to pay what Apple charges, but if you can find a local shop that's replaced at least, say, 10 of these, you might want to consider that option. But if you're planning to press forward despite these warnings, I have a huge time-saving tip for you: It's virtually impossible for a first-timer to remove the old (and I assume, cracked) digitizer without shearing off the Wi-Fi antenna. So do yourself a favor, and buy a new Wi-Fi antenna at the same time. They only cost, like, three dollars, and it'll be the best $3 you've ever spent.
RROI8XJIBTDEN	5	Case looks great!! Fits phone perfect Case looks great !!  Fits phone perfect
R2CCS0G69SGR7R	5	Five Stars Excellent service. Great product.
R3RPLY9BT3OI5U	3	Good case. Mildly infuriating that the apple logo isn't ... Good case. Mildly infuriating that the apple logo isn't in the middle of the cutout.
R1YIMN8CV44GAI	5	I wanted a clear case with a nice design for my iPhone 6 I wanted a clear case with a nice design for my iPhone 6. After browsing for a few hours, I decided to buy this one. I was pleasantly surprised to receive the product 1 or 2 days earlier than scheduled. I can even say that the case it's a lot nicer than I expected to be.  Highly recommended it!
R35IOOZGTGZYR0	4	The case functionality is great! fit perfectly The case functionality is great!  fit perfectly, protect iPhone, magnet works great.  White case looked very nice when it's new,  however, when it got dirty, it was impossible to take the dirt or any marks off of the case. I used all kinds of different chemicals, none worked.  Since I loved the functionality, I decided to purchase the same case with darker color.
RH1GDUNGLAP0W	5	Five Stars It got here in good time.  It fit's well.
RHSCNIPHHK1X0	5	Five Stars very good.
R2EXEHL1R9MCCV	5	Great Great product, easy to use, and gets rid of almost all cords. It's been a real life saver.
R13S2HRA0C9AX3	5	Love Awesome
R1T4836N5URXR3	5	Great Great
REEXAYRJIKF2	5	Five Stars Works very well.
R12RYJD33TE8GT	4	Four Stars Very good
R7KQX4KZ5LL8P	5	Five Stars Very good
R12XZI7RSTFIDV	3	Three Stars a little heavy
R3C2X2ON7PZSJ1	3	Nice mount but... It mounts great and has good range.  I used this on my motorcycle and the grip is sufficient to hold onto to even my giant phablet phone even over potholes at high speed. Only negative for me is the fingers the fingers that grip also push the power and volume buttons.  I just can't find the right spot without the phone being so far offset in the grips that I then worry about it falling out. I don't  consider this a product fault per se and I don't know how it can be mitigated, but it is something to be aware of.
R2WI87HY3DAUI0	1	... you cant move or use your phone - TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY- already in the trash Dont fit tight enough and wont charge unless sitting idle on a flat surface - pointless to have a 10' cord if you cant move or use your phone - TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY- already in the trash!
R3CVE4MXJQ4Y0T	5	The front clear plastic scratches pretty bad, but I wasn't expecting that anyway The front clear plastic scratches pretty bad, but I wasn't expecting that anyway. I would order the original clear plastic from Samsung.
RP1PTIGG2URD3	5	Five Stars It's really cute
R1QZQ07K6IFRKN	5	Five Stars Good one.
R2R2DVB1QLD8AH	5	I love this case I love this case! I accidentally dropped my mp3 player in the toilet. Thank god the cover was on it because it saved it from having water damage. It is completely fine! I would recommend this product to anyone!
R3IHN8YOYEOZ6R	2	Two Stars very cheap looking and wont stay clipped on the phone I just threw it away
RX1XQ6LBQ4QLU	1	Worst screen protectors I've EVER bought Do not buy! Worst screen protectors I've EVER bought. They don't even stick to your screen.
R2IC7991GCCKZ6	3	So So Not the most comfortable earphones
R3N3G6GFQC3C1N	5	Five Stars Was as described and shipped quickly
R1XXFO1FBBCOQS	5	Good customer service, great value. After some initial issues, they refunded my purchase price and then replaced the batteries with several more that worked great. Obviously great concern for customer satisfaction and a great value.
R3T2NU58EPUXR8	4	Not impressed works great
R19CZPR0GFUHHR	5	Strongly recommend this product. This unit works PERFECTLY for my home stereo tied into my t.v. I get great sound quality and range. I have a huge master bedroom and never have a connectivity issue.
R1O2THPC11DHLT	5	Five Stars Great price and perfect fit!
R1O1MZGMUXMXB6	5	Five Stars amazing
R4AU1S9G9P0GV	5	Does a great job of covering the front and back of your ... Does a great job of covering the front and back of your phone. If you pair this with a sturdy screen protector, you're phone would be indestructible.
R2S0JCRPKPQNJW	5	Go pro kit Great ziplock bag, it did what I expected to do, take some underwater video and pics. one of the previous reviews said something about inserting a folded paper towel inside in case water gets inside the bag, it came in handy, after a few hours water leaked in but collected in the paper towel. Make sure when is re used is completely dry. Used an LG phone.
R1NQBC2FJPOO62	5	Five Stars Works great
R3NVEM8XFKRXHM	4	It works great. However It works great.  However, it is not the easiest thing to put on.  It takes patience and pretty much a dust-free environment, but once you get it on, it is great for protecting your screen.
R1JA0AY0QM23BQ	2	Review should have stated not compatible with cases. I'm ... Review should have stated not compatible with cases. I'm not going to take my phone out of it's case and put it back each time I work out.
R2WKQFR4DBBRU	1	One Star We ordered a case for an IPhone 4 and received a case for an IPhone 6..
R1WBYRGQ3QRGN2	5	Five Stars As advertised
R1SBXBKC085U4	2	get what you pay for sound quality was not up to par in addition to radio and USB functionality were faulty at best. back up camera and navigation we okay.
R1MSJH6S7MQW19	5	Phone Charger i received my car cell phone charger & tried it right away! Yes, I am happy with it & will order again from this company.
RZJZOKWDWHFU2	5	Five Stars it work very well for all my needs
R2N3QS4AWBR364	3	Three Stars Great product. But didn't work for what we needed it for.
R1DGF3RMQ28ZBC	3	Not bubble free. Difficult to get all of the bubbles out, have tried extensively, but some of them just won't clear out.
R257T70MPPO66Q	5	I love this watch I love this watch, my friends were complimenting me when they see the watch, am so happy with it and good customer service.
R1T9C08K3KQNG0	1	Horrible this cost so much and really doesn't work like it is soppose to. I am shipping mine back.
RASC9HX5S2BU5	5	Inexpensive and excellent Works great
RSF3R9DRRIDXM	4	Great gadget for the car Fits nicely in the vent of my VW Jetta. I wish it was angled to face the drive, it faces perfectly perpendicular to the car. Not the biggest of issues, but still a small annoyance. Overall solid design and feature, my phone never feels like it's going to fall or slip out. Price is on the higher end for what it is, but it's a nice thing to have for hands-free driving
RW0HW1DMTBDU	2	Roller on top clamp is defective This unit has a small plastic roller that is on the top clamp. Looks like the intent of this roller is to ease installment of the GPS into to cradle and to prevent the cradle from scratching the GPS case. The first time I installed the GPS into the RAM cradle, the roller popped out. I was able to reinstall it after many tries. This was disappointing because I have always like RAM products in the past. RAM needs a better design for this roller. You must be careful not to allow too much pressure to be applied to the roller or it will come out.
RVXPWSW4F13EZ	4	Four Stars Love it!  However, the Led light went out on one side only after 2 weeks.
R3DQNLGUTY2ZO6	1	Try something else Bad design. Sits off back of head and not adjustable. The ear buds constantly slip out of my ears. Weird charger.
REIETIZSFO1A3	5	Five Stars I love it
R2E5WJA2KCIBGZ	1	I normally love Sony products I had quite a bit of trouble with this product.  I normally love Sony products, so I was hoping that phone functions well.  This phone froze quite en, extremely slow response time  to the point not usable compared to my other phone - iPhone.  I tried to factory reset or limited the number of apps to very minimal, still no good.  I finally gave up on it and decided to purchase older model of iPhone with the same price I paid to purchase this phone on Amazon. Very disappointed.
R144HKTNUXJCOE	5	Five Stars Perfect
R1IYALRLMXN25F	4	Very good camera, however Very good camera, however, the holder that attaches to the windshield is poorly constructed, broke within 2 weeks of use.  Customer service immediately took care of the problem and replaced the holder.  Very good overall experience.
RDBSVRBP72YFU	5	Loved this product Loved this product!  Can take it anywhere and it folds down to a decent size!  #Selfies have never been so easy!
R3QTHK6745KADE	5	I love this and it is top quality for a great ... I love this and it is top quality for a great price, hasnt ripped or been scratched up from dropping it or anything.
R1CKV2KJTBWQDE	5	GREAT PRODUCTS,GREAT PEOPLE TO BUY FROM. I AM VERY SATISFIED WITH THE ITEMS THAT I BOUGHT,GOOD PEOPLE TO DEAL WITH,FAST DELIVERY,GREAT PRODUCTS.  DEFENTLEY 5 STARS.
R1QXMN67N4BEAR	4	but scratches and chips easily. Protected my phone from numerous drops, but scratches and chips easily.
R31D23O0N9DEQI	5	Don't think about it. Get it! Am so impressed. These covers are even better than I expected. Perfect fit on my note 4.
R25B0ZPNVL6T19	5	Beautiful iphone case for Disney tsum tsum lovers. Beautiful case for iphone 6 plus. Great fit with some corner protection around the phone. It's a hard case with a very nice sheen finish to it, and I love the Disney tsum tsum prints which is very nicely printed. Definitely a plus for Disney tsum tsum lovers.
R2GPN1F9SQX0E6	3	Three Stars It move a lot...
RZ1QODL3CL3LS	5	Five Stars Better than expected!
R1CE3PFZVFHNTI	5	Five Stars love it, loved the color and the feel
R294SDTYIBG662	4	Four Stars Great for the cost
RVDMAJI7MQ2MY	5	Still a good product like the first set! This is my second purchase. The product still working out great like the first set.
RJT6GS1DDF6IS	1	Worked once great. Then it wouldn't charge. I got this and used it once and it did work fast. It sat around for a while and when I needed to recharge it it wouldn't charge. I thought it was the cable. I wrote them and they replied (English does not seem to be their first language) and said it probably needs to be replaced - to send it in on my nickel and if it needed replacement they would reimburse my shipping and send me a new one. I still think it's the cord. I'm not willing to chance that I'm right and they won't replace my shipping fee. It's not worth the trouble. I will look for a better one, and while I'm at it, one that weighs a little less. This thing is/was heavy.
R72QM3KIU85IG	5	I bought this case for my son and he loves ... I bought this case for my son and he loves it.  The case raises a little from the screen, giving it some more protection.
R2PC8KYKF7WBTD	4	Four Stars good for price
R1VLW7W1J04RPX	4	Four Stars Works well.  We take it camping and it gets us through a few days
RCJW435I04IL1	5	Better priced then the OEM quick Does what it should, quick charges my phone. Better priced then the OEM quick charger
R2YS05J7YPQNRG	5	Five Stars It charges! It also mows my lawn.
R1LT1H22JBS322	5	PSR-120 Scanner Great size, easy access,
R25WXXOAQU0WWX	4	Nice product, I don't use the credit card holder ... Nice product, I don't use the credit card holder so no concerns with scratching.  Fits the phone well and all the buttons are easy to access.  Only four of five because the front cover feels cheep and is already starting to wear, but acceptable since it was so cheap.
RPFQLTJCOL19Y	4	Low cost easy solution to holding your phone. [[VIDEOID:1daa652d4401127e4c9c520c61eaba18]] Please see the video for more info.  Basically unless you have a really wide or really thick phone this should work well for you. It allows for single handed operation and it fits without damage to the CD slot. Once installed it remains firmly in place. Adjustments are simple and offer a variety of angles, not much to dislike about it unless as stated your phone just doesn't fit. I like that it doesn't really block too much in my particular setup and it allows for no blocking of my air vents...something I really try to avoid as much as possible when looking for a mounting solution.  Review sample provided free or at a discounted price for a fair, unbiased, and honest review.
R34AJT4RDR6OMS	5	LG does it again These are wonderful.  I forget that they are on my neck.  I have misplaced several many pairs of headphones but not these.  I love that they are wireless as far as no attachment to my physical phone.  The volume, on and off and skip buttons are easy to get to.  The clarity is GREAT.  I would definitely purchase again.  Plan on purchasing my son a pair in a few weeks.
RHVD59V15LC84	5	This product is awesome. It cleaned up my charging station This product is awesome. It cleaned up my charging station. I have a household with 9 people all with phones and tablets. Charges devices very quickly.
R1IJ55SSDLK180	1	One Star It took weeks for the Chargers to arrive. Then, none of them work! Cheap for a reason.
R3TRT1BRM53OUK	5	Five Stars perfect fit! adds additional protection to my sapphire screen.
RNNP5OSO1UM6L	5	Works well for me This product works very well. For me, Choetech products have always worked well for me. After trying several other brands, I always come back to this brand. Have not had issues to date.
R1O7XF00TY536O	5	Fits like a charm Should fit any S4 variant EXCEPT the S4 Active. Should not matter if you have the T Mobile, Verizon, Sprint, or AT&T model in the US or the international model elsewhere. All of the S4's (Except the Active) were built on the same form factor.  The purple battery doors were a special version available for the Sprint model. Now all the extras are showing up for retail to anyone.  I have the purple door on my T Mobile version S4. Fits fine. Works fine.
R20SL2Y3LG4LZS	5	Five Stars nice
R1YF6EMD1JLGWO	4	Four Stars Seems to lasr very well.  Time will tell for certian.
R3DL0VQ9K6EI5N	1	One Star Beware! it's not made for small arms
R1DILU1PJPUKDO	5	Five Stars High Quality part extremely happy with the purchase
R2B09J06QAWUW0	5	Five Stars Love this mount.  It has worked perfectly!
RJ81C6G152DXJ	4	works works
R298F8LM5EETLV	4	Great product!! Worked perfectly! Had it on my phone in 10 minutes!
R330I9N1U5LJCT	1	Very difficult to program, manual was very hard to ... Very difficult to program, manual was very hard to understand. I have had several Analog scanners but now most police are Digital. The Terminology in the manual is all new that is unfamiliar to me. After many hours of trying to figure it out I became frustrated and sent it back for refund.
R2NH25DJN6TYFU	5	Five Stars Great case!
R20F3T9P6PEZDD	1	Buyer Beware I just purchased this item and it is already cracked. Prior to purchasing this, I read the reviews and wished the company was making a better product than other customers had stated. Believe it or not, those comments about a cheaply made product is correct. I dropped the case and the top portion completely came off and cracked. Fortunately, I have a shatter proof screen protector and me $900 iPhone wasn't damaged.
R8YW3BN0WVKLN	5	Great purchase at a great price. Phones are too big now a days to not have some privacy. THIS Shield is amazing. You can also dim your phone more to add additional privacy but it's not necessary. I love that I can be on an airplane and not have to worry about the person next to me reading personal documents or looking at my screen. Great purchase at a great price!
R340URBX3L8HZM	4	The only downside is that it doesn't completely adhere in the edges and after a few months of use it stars looking really bad. D This product works as intended to protect my phone's screen. The only downside is that it doesn't completely adhere in the edges and after a few months of use it stars looking really bad. Dirt is deposited between the edges where this doesn't adhere to the class and becomes imposible to completely clean, so the only solution is to change the protector for a new one. On other phones and electronics, screen protectors seem to last much longer. This might just be the way the phone is curved, but I think the screenprotector could be designed to cover a little bit less area and that way the edges will stick better.
R2QEITFM2NQD7Y	3	Eh, you get what you pay for I bought these knowing they are cheap. I like that they do isolate the sound but I wish they could be louder. They last about 4 months so if you purchase them, buy them in multiples because they will start to cut off calls, stop music, start voice search so whenever any of that happens, you know to get a new pair.
R14IJ1FI1QADVR	5	I love Anker product I love Anker product!  I found their support is superior and their products are great.  I bought this over 1 year ago - using every single day - still works great!!
R11D0SXF8HKNYR	1	Looked terrible. We are trying a different manufacturer The protective sheet did not separate on two of the three screen protectors.  The one that did separate was applied to cell phone, but it had little bubbles all over it that we could not remove.  Looked terrible.  We are trying a different manufacturer.
RKN9ORHIDTC40	5	Five Stars excellent
RVRS7TUHMZZZA	5	Five Stars Product as expected.
R2B14JETIISGH9	5	Charger Worked great would purchase again if needed. A lt cheaper than buying fro Verizon Store
R31M0RPPK01OHO	5	This has to be one the best battery packs out there and delivery was unbelievable thank you This has to be one the best battery packs out there and delivery was unbelievable thank you
R3BBSMVYJLIOI2	3	Well first of all this is not even the color ... Well first of all this is not even the color I ordered :( this is light gray and green not dark blue and green. Other then that it seems to be good
R1S478JJ1W894C	5	LANZAR  OPTI BT- 44  4.52" SOLID HEAVY SOLD EACH 5 STAR RECEIVED STARTED SOLDERED NEG. AND POS. 10 AWG RED ON CAPACITOR SIDE . HOOKED UP TO BACK OF YAQIN MC-100B FOR 4 OHMS TERM. SOUND CRISP BETTER THAN EXPECTED . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED , WILL BUY ANOTHER SET . LOVE THE CRISP AND LOUD MATCHED/COMBO WITH DEFINITIVE 450 .
R146UMVSKKSXO8	5	I'm really happy with my purchase I use this for camping to keep my iPhone charged.  I'm really happy with my purchase.  I like that there are size options and plan to get another larger unit in the future as an emergency power option for all the devices in the house.
R2FP4MXOG42J6C	5	Five Stars my usb was damaged - called sharkk for replacement usb - they sent new mouse and usb - wow
R2ZS4Q7C5YYDIJ	4	Good product For the price this is a good upgrade from cardboard itself.  Pros: Good wide FOV Good build quality plastic Magnet trap door that snaps No fancy suction to hold mobile (like some other VR headsets), instead relies on friction between sponge pads and phone to keep it in place Very small pincushion distortion Mild chromatic aberration especially for its price Wide IPD (i can put it on with my glasses on)  Cons: Uses Fresnel lens (although technically not an issue) causes nasty ghosting (halo) on images Nose pad may be painful after long use  Overall: Cant beat this performance for the price.
R3ILB6JNF7YOJK	3	If I knew my iPhone wouldn't fit into the arm ... If I knew my iPhone wouldn't fit into the arm band with the cover on it, I would never have purchased.
R1THU00BELTLVP	5	Five Stars charges phone easily and effortlessly
RSPNHR8L6QML	5	Great screen protector!!!! Love this screen protector. I dropped my phone really hard the other day and I thought I cracked my screen, ended up just cracking the screen protector. It did it's job. I went out and got another one. Better to be safe then sorry!
R3LP795QKKIVSZ	5	Five Stars Mounts securely to vehicle and increases range of radio.
R1FM474PP3FSZD	5	Five Stars Works good. No problems.
R1YRH170SG52T2	5	There was a hiccup, but all is good now. Sent me the wrong battery at first but were quick to rectify the problem and send me a new one, even though it was from China. New and proper battery is now functioning well in the iPhone 5.
R2XF1FPFOTABL9	5	Nice Perfect fit
R359J6J5UCM9AY	5	Great Screen Protector Great screen protector, I am very happy with the fit and the way it feels.  Everything is still crystal clear and the screen is much easier to clean!  I highly recommend the Anker glass screen protector!
R2MAXAVS2TFVR2	5	Five Stars Love it
R3TSZU37QV4Q7Q	1	Loved one for 20 days and it died I bought two of these.  Loved one for 20 days and it died.  Loved the other for 30 days and it died.  I heard the same thing from friends that ordered.  Sad because the cord is nice and long. Not a good product.
R2D6C9MDY1VM1Q	4	Four Stars Thank you
R1IMKLRWRYMBXZ	4	Used it for phone and radio I bought this primarily for mounting one of the small dual band ham transceivers which have flooded the market the past couple of years and for this purpose it works quite well. It fits tightly enough in the cup holder and is sufficiently sturdy to handle the weight (about  6 oz) of these radios. Due to the position of the side controls on the radio I have to clamp the radio only by its bottom half which means I'm using only the top half of the clamp and am not using the bottom feet at all. Nonetheless, it holds the radio securely even when using the keypad. Of course, it handles my Galaxy S6 with no problem. I question whether it would work well for much heavier radios, but that's not what it's designed for so all in all I'm totally satisfied with it.
R1GJ0M38Z2WRN3	4	Love the product, worked great. Received this product about 1 year ago and have been extremely satisfied with its performance up until 2 months ago when 2 of the ports failed. Probably caused by a wireless charger I had connected to these 2 ports. I called Anker Direct customer service and was told they would ship to me a new replacement product. No mess, no fuss. Very satisfied overall with both the product and Anker.
R1Y60AIZHMEZSH	5	Great buy and would definitely recommend to anyone Great buy and would definitely recommend to anyone. It's up to google to work on improving the OS in adroid wear so we can continue to enjoy this project.
R2EX5YGCBMX559	1	don't buy this product all directions in Chinese. could not use it,waste of money!!!
R1Q6CS8V0FXPB9	2	ok there is a scratch on the front screen and there are also two prominent bubbles, the back is nice though
RYAC1RBBYUSJW	1	Don't let them get your $$$ Plastic is very cheap on thin. The rubber outside comes off very easily and isn't tight. I definitely think that if I dropped it, the iPad wouldn't be protected. The kickstand works, but it's hard to pull it out. I don't know how many times you use it before it breaks off. To use it, you pull it out and 2 tiny metal rods hold it in the guide. Spend the more money and buy some protection. I don't recommend this to anyone, I just brought it to see if it was a diamond in the rough. But it's not.
R3MMFJ5UNDTY1O	5	Nice screen protector Great quality. Fits perfectly.
R3DYFQ4RV4A8VY	5	Protects screen as advertised Excellent product. Flawless installation. Especially appreciate the bubble removing squeegee.
R2BWYOA5H7LUKH	5	and it's nice to have several color options I bought these for my car as I have a charging port in the armrest console and didn't want a huge cable mess to deal with. I have had no problems with this product, and it's nice to have several color options. I keep a couple of these in my backpack for others to use while at work. Worth the money if you only need a short charging cable.
R3MMGSBJH62W0T	5	couldn't be more happier Fits in case ,even with my otter box case on it
R1SP9FT1B1LG51	5	Five Stars My grandson loves it.
R12NPF4LK5CNXG	5	Great case! Just got the case and it's great so far... Love the color and material; it has good grip.
R4ORAAT36PAPM	1	Definitely disappointed, especially since I planned on giving this to ... I bought this for my trip to Europe this summer. It seemed to charge in the sun the first time I left it out, and actually quicker than I expected, considering it was only getting a little light.  Since then, I have yet to get any solar charge. I placed it on my windowsill for a few days now and it hasn't charged at all. Definitely disappointed, especially since I planned on giving this to my boyfriend for his camping trips.
RVA8XQYFBMUHK	5	Easy to tune. As described.  Easy to tune.
R1P4BEYULDNBUB	5	Five Stars Good fit, seems sturdy and looks good. Can't ask for more on just a cover
R3Q5Z5XMWDU8SQ	5	easy to As described; easy to apply
RJKTW73SHTKAN	1	Not a good fit. Returned this product. Not a good fit.
R133LCRK7M42OK	1	Not Practical Do not fit properly in the ears keep falling off with slight movement of the head
R2I3QAUJOUD4AH	5	Awesome screen protector I received a discount for a fair product review.  Awesome screen protector, will recommend to others
R2PN83X0YLG7S3	3	Three Stars No vibration at the reception of a call
R2UE736947SSCI	1	Charging issues It worked for 2 hours only. It wouldnt charge and I had to return.
R38Z1AZ3Q2NKG4	5	So good I ordered four of it So good I order four of it. A little disappointed I didn't order 5 so it would fit fine in the box at the same price of the total minimum shipping weight.
R1RJ82ZLCI8876	4	Four Stars love it
R24FP2ZSI1MLB6	3	Look for other options This was very tricky , loved all the warning labels as you go. Sort of got it done started to remove tape off of ribbon that makes it vibrate all of the sandpaper looking stuff was trying to come off JUNK!
R34Y5IDLMO6BQ2	5	Five Stars GREAT
R34H7J44374TK2	5	Five Stars I love it.
R18IZGKXFQKXN9	1	Very disappointed. I purchased this twice. Both times it cracked/shattered within a week. Very disappointed.
R173IJM8U4EWG	5	Slim case with good protection. Clear color is sophisticated looking As advertised. Fast shipping. Slim case with good protection. Clear color is sophisticated looking.
R3SHM2Q19Z2DC7	4	Good charge extension for phone Good charge extension for phone. Buttons pop off if it drops to hard and makes the phone a little difficult to use
R30N7TEEDDBYEF	5	Great product The case was very fitting heavy duty but loved it it has protected my phone after several drops I think it'll be lasting a pretty long time and the color is so it's so easy to find well in your purse
RRZ2QPTUYUQ6N	4	It may be my cell phone needs to be upgraded ... It may be my cell phone needs to be upgraded, but it seems that the charged batteries life expectency has diminished. I can not keep it charged that is why I purchased 2  batteries to insure I can keep the cell available.
R3N2U1QSHHMXHJ	4	Great charger Charges my devices nice and fast. It DOES NOT quick charge my Samsung Galaxy Note 4 however which I was led to believe it would from Q&A here. I assume this is proprietary or something not yet supported by Anker.  I'm keeping it though because its a decent solution for my many devices.
R24UZ0YL2C252Y	5	Good case. Phone is very snug and it keeps it safe. Hasn't fallen out yet! My mom has been using this case every day for a while now and figured it's nice to leave a review. The phone fits very securely into the open-style case, even though it looks very flimsy it holds up well. It looks girly enough for her and she has no qualms about it when I asked.
R1OBMOJM9KEHN7	5	Great Case! Fast Shipping! Great Case!
R1UV32LCU36L7Y	5	Great case I received my iPhone 5C Case, MagicMobile® Cute Ultra Slim Protective [Hybrid Impact] Hard Durable Thin TPU Cover for Apple iPhone 5C Armor Shell [ Black - Red ]Case with Clear Screen Protector by MagicMobile and all I can say is quality. This was a great case for the price. if you are looking for a great case that offers great protection look no further.  Five star product for sure. I received this product in exchange for an honest review.
R1PHWVVHT3G9IR	2	Wish it was Red The only reason i bought this band was because it was &#34;Red&#34;. Its not red, its a pink salmon color. It also collects animal hair and dust like crazy. However, considering its $40 less than the Apple brand ones its decent quality. You get what you pay for.
R3QM1MQAZNZIWY	5	Great Exactly what I wanted.
R1R3HFZVEIAX79	3	Three Stars It works. Very bulky.
R2WF8W9KLXCAIF	5	Must Have So excited to take this with me to my company's convention.  I have used it multiple times already and know my battery will drain in a big arena with thousands of people, so I was looking for something like this to help with charging.  The last convention everyone was scrambling trying to find somewhere to charge their phones.  This has already saved me multiple times. Love it!
RHKD1RCJ93IRB	5	i really love this product i couldnt wait for it to arrive ... i really love this product i couldnt wait for it to arrive  as i love pink! it fit on my phone perfect! the pink color is beautiful and looks great on my phone! i received this product free for review and i definitely recommend it. its so cute!
R1DL4ENQ0A7USA	5	Protection perfection! The absolute easiest screen protector I've ever applied.  Not one bubble!  Even without instructions, I had this on in less than two minutes and it's just perfect. Now let's see how long it lasts....
RT1ANEJS8QHJH	4	Very comfortable fit, stays secure Tight fit for my Droid Ultra but it works even with the case on! Very comfortable fit, stays secure.
R3FWW70U8HKS8Z	4	suck it Burnt
RTC75MZ98H2YB	5	Five Stars Really enjoying my new case.
R2ZSF35JPAJBCZ	5	Love the colors Shipped faster than expected. Love the colors.
R3DZFIF5VUOMN4	4	Phone case Easy to use and attach. Keeps phone like new
R2KZOXGV3WVNQR	5	Works as advertised. Works Great! Haven't found any issues with this product.
RE36VZ4MGLEIQ	1	One Star Broke after about 45 days.
RKTKY4861CL6X	5	Perfect awwsome...case very nice
RKB10DDM9IWTX	1	Nothing good to say about this kit. My Double Din stereo doesn't fit through opening. Quite obnoxious to assemble with a detailed instructions manual that's just vague enough about which part is which to be confusing. $15 wasted.  This will end up in the trash as I'll need to buy a different kit.
R2J3QIR7HMQLQ2	4	Love the color and case Love the color and case, one thing i would advise is to put thin flap on card holder to make more secure and then it would get a &#34;10&#34;
R30WPY1UXKTYD0	5	Five Stars great feel and good leather..
R1WKUZ8UTES458	5	Five Stars Cute case for my lil sisters phone, she loves it
R1PWN3M7BB5ZQ1	5	I Love These Cases I got these cases in every color & the came before the expected delivery date😄😄😄😄
R3ALW6IMZ2NTBA	5	Nice kit. Great kit.  Worked well and came with lots of extras to make the process even easier.
RJFI9PZPMQZ2G	1	Urrrrr! These things broke within 2 weeks or were not compatible with my IPhone 6.
RXGYIXQJNGEVF	5	All leather -- magnetic hindge Outstanding case All leather Only problem is belt loop I had to carry to shoe shop to get more dependable belt loop
R36VXTRQHSN9IQ	5	Wow amazing screen protector. Awesome and fantastic screen protector for Galaxy Note 2. Very easy to apply, shipping and packaging was great.
R59W5QY6TLMR3	4	....UPDATE 10/05/15 ***UPDATE 10.05.15*** 24 hours after my first review, a rep from Anker emailed me about the &#34;faulty&#34; cable. With very simple explanation, they were quick to replace it. Never really noticed a more persistent company that highly pursues customer satisfaction as they do. They sent me a new one and made follow up emails to make sure my new cable was working properly. I have no issues with the second one although it did bend a little bit not as bad as my first one. I'd give them another star for their great customer service.  I bought this in May, 2015. I guess I'm being nice with the 3 stars. 3 months later. I waited to make a review to see if the good reviews would hold up. Unfortunately, either I have bad luck with long cords (more than 3ft.) or just not really durable. I've bought a 5 pack with the 6ft cord, same brand, same issue.I've bought a white 10ft cord before from another brand and it worked great until it got dirty and turned black and it stopped charging. Decided to buy this with the great reviews but the plug to connect to the phone has been loose and wiggles frequently. One time I would charge overnight to wake up with no charge because it was either loose or just didn't charge unless you bent the cord to a certain position to charge, how frustrating, I haven't done that since I had a RAZr (yea remember those). In the beginning, it clipped right into the phone, very snug and tight, no wiggle. 3 months in, its not tight and hope to have my phone charge the next day. Would I buy another one, I'm not sure. 10ft & 6ft. Cord bad. My 3ft & 1ft cords still good but a little wiggle but not as bad, I'm sure it will not last a year.
RN4M7Z155LP88	5	We got this for our daughter & she loves the ... We got this for our daughter & she loves the color & kickstand! Seems durable but we'll see if it lasts the whole school year. Regardless, the price was right.
R1NM7DMH2WU4DL	5	highly recommend case has been great! i have used a similar product from noot with my s3 and that one is still in great condition! really like their products. light weight and durable!
R1UG9WZ244DUX4	3	Fading Color starts to fade after a few weeks
R13PDIKJIOAEVI	3	First one received was defective The  first one that was received was defective and wouldn't charge the iphone or connect with the computer.  Returned it and the replacement seems to be working fine right now.
R2S501G95R3NGV	5	Five Stars love it👌🏼
R2YMNXE3KXVV59	4	Four Stars Great product use it every day
R2YCL6JNHLYBUL	2	Avoid for outdoor use A fantastic bluetooth headset if you only use it indoors. If you want a bluetooth that works minimally well outside of an office setting? Forget about this device. The second there's the slightest gust of wind, you can forget about the person on the other end of your call hearing anything you're saying. It will sound like you're being swept away by a tidal wave of noise interference. Don't believe me? Record yourself through your bluetooth and play it back. I did, after numerous complaints from people I had spoken with over bluetooth. You'll be amazed, and not in a good way. In short, the Plantronics Voyager Edge has the worst wind and noise cancellation I've ever experienced from a mobile device or accessory. For an item of this price, this is simply unacceptable. This is the last time I will buy anything designed by Plantronics.
R1L1U7IF4BC5X2	5	Five Stars Very Durable!!!
R3JNID3F9BZ5AT	5	... hade this charger for over 2yrs and still works great best money ive Ive hade this charger for over 2yrs and still works great best money ive spent
RD88H6H62EL6H	5	Five Stars This case is durable and sturdy my friend threw it at the wall.....it left a dent in the wall but the phone and case is perfectly un harmed I love this case
R10T6LULQH1563	5	Five Stars worked as advertised
RCN4AHGLGH7T9	5	Five Stars Great phone at a great price.
R64LIFICGF5ZF	4	Good protection Protects my daughters phone well enough.  I just wish it were easier to take off for when we need to get to the battery.
R1VX6DH1IXS1J4	5	Five Stars Real Apple cords
R1T2UPZNFOABMK	5	Great Product!!! I bought 1 of these and 3 months later, bought an additional one. i used them for a 30hour road trip. I found that they were more effective than using the car charger. I found that as with any charging, it was best if minimal apps were running while charging and it would charge fast. I could get a 50% charge on my Galaxy S4 in about an hour when not using it.
R1T6EDB620VCW3	3	Ita ok for the price losses connecting sometimes and doesn't ... Ita ok for the price losses connecting sometimes and doesn't last as long add it says it does dies just after about 3 hours
R1GKSZYE1Z9GCA	3	which is annoying because if I don't catch it Less than two weeks into using these cords with my Iphone 5S I started getting the 'This accessory may not be supported&#34; message. Most of the time I can just unplug and replug and it will work. There are times when it does work right away only to switch later, which is annoying because if I don't catch it, I don't realize that it's not charging until I need to use my phone again. It's a good price for 4 but it might be worth the investment to buy better quality ones next time.
R3QNRYOXB1K200	4	It's holding up great. I would have preferred a more substantial wristlet I have had mine for almost a month.  It's holding up great.  I would have preferred a more substantial wristlet.
R1M40SCG1VE5ZA	3	It's cool or whatever It doesn't stink so that is always plus . & it came early. I had a regular color of the panda.. I just thought it would thicker .. It's all skinny and thin i got it because I liked the pink , so that's a plus
R2P8NSOL5KVHLN	1	It sucks I hate this case it was great at first then it got a big bubble and all the water evaporated and now all my sparkles and stars are stuck.
R3TYEQD95QB2D	5	Love it! It's perfect! Fits my phone perfectly. The color is so pretty! I get compliments all the time
R2C5ZW7LPB5QBA	5	Five Stars A great product which i already have one for my grandchild which he loves it. tks again
R29K63PTFFET31	5	Durable with minor issues. This case just came today and it fits really well on my phone.  I like the design, too.  It's relatively simple but effective.  It's a hard case so it's definitely more durable, and it really relieves a lot of the worries of damaging my brand new phone.  Unfortunately, the power button isn't working for me.  The volume buttons work fine, and it's possible to turn the phone on and off by touching the button on the bottom of the screen, but the case's power button doesn't press hard enough to push against the actual power button on the phone.  Still, it's a nice case, and definitely should hold up against daily use with my phone.  EDIT: After a week or so of use I'm revising my review to say this case is awesome.  I've dropped my phone 3 times and a few chips on my case, but absolutely no issues with my phone.  The power button is working, almost a little too well... (I accidentally bump it from time to time.)  I received this item at a discount in return for my honest review.
R2NNTRS3Z9M133	1	broke after 30 days I bought 2 of these on July 12 2015 and the touch screen on both of them went out already. How can we fix this problem?
R2B5WQ5MMF2LC	4	My phone is now armored like a sherman tank All ports are well covered to ... Heavy Duty!  Pros: My phone is now armored like a sherman tank All ports are well covered to keep out dust edges and backing are made of an awesome rubber shock absorber Cornings gorilla glass of the front cover bolts together with small alan head comes with two tools and extra bolts  Cons: Very Heavy Large foot print charging port is hard to gain access (using apple brand chargers and its still a squeeze) camera/home button not covered alan head tool that came with phone started to strip
R14LY1JXLPCJGZ	5	Nifty Nifty phone holder. Perfect for my Google maps app.
R33O5R193H	5	Very solid device. I was skeptical about this product at first and spent weeks comparing phone similar stands and I kept coming back to this one.  I was looking for something that would sit on my desk at work, between my monitors, and not obstruct my view.  I wanted my iPhone 6 plus to sit in the landscape/horizontal position so I could have it charging, hook up headphones to listening to music, adjustable viewing angle, and not have it laying down flat on my desk.  This stand is very solid and appears to be made of aluminum.  There is silicone padding on the bottom of the stand and as well as where you device rests on.  There are 3 rivets holding this thing together.  One for the swivel and 2 for the tilting portion of the stand.  They are very tight and I haven't had any issues with them so far.  I'm very happy with the stand, and for the price, I was willing to take a chance and it paid off.  On a side note.  My iPhone doesn't have a case on it so I can't speak to how a particular case would work with this stand.  Also, I haven't tried it with tablets yet.  I'll update this review once/if I do.
RJDDOK0JG57BQ	4	As described, From China This product is exactly as described. You can't ask for better than that. One thing, it ships from China. Took 2 1/2 weeks to get to us. If you can wait that long, I recommend. If fits my bluetooth earpiece like a glove. :)
R7N1AB84EW5OA	5	Five Stars It is great! Works wonderfully
RA8NR00Z22R2H	5	Five Stars Nice Fit.
R2VUYRKA9L6KE9	5	Five Stars Love it
R7PBA7NF4T0WU	5	Five Stars Been using it for one week now, works great
RTKKP8GXF6RP8	5	Five Stars very good
R1BXZG22L90Y0A	5	Five Stars Really nice & comes up around sides to protect front if phone is dropped.
R1Z63AW5TSDJ7O	4	Limitations I wear it everyday and it does help monitor your activity and promotes a healthier lifestyle,,,,,,, however it does loose connectivity to the phone and misses activity you do so can be inaccurate when you know you have done more than it says. Principal is good but needs improving to be reliable.
R2AGOICG1M60RR	2	Pretty much garbage. If you can live with the lift issue on the edges it will be fine if you are careful with it Pr Mine lifted on the edges pretty badly but I ignored it and used it for 8 months. It fractured and made a line from left to right when i dropped it at waist height on a carpeted floor, when it was in a rubber case. Also developed a chip months earlier, which is where the crack stemmed from. It did do a great job resisting scratches, and from other reviews and research there doesn't appear to be any good glass protectors for this device, so maybe this is acceptable for this industry these days. Won't be getting another $10 from me though.
RS0PX8THW08KP	5	Great Product for iPhone 5 Users! It's not easy to find a great charger for the earlier generation Apple products - so I jumped on the opportunity to purchase this portable battery pack. My husband has an iPhone 5S and an 'older' iPad, he was immediately impressed with how compact it is and how many plugs it included. This is a product he immediately put in his briefcase since it arrived. On a daily basis he drives over 100 miles for work so no more dead phone or waiting to get into the car to recharge.  Note: I received this product at a reduced price in exchange for a fair and unbiased review.
R2Y9991OVEYIKJ	5	Five Stars Very nice.
RQO7GFOM0MULG	4	Excelent power pack Excelent product it charges very fast! Looks great,  charges two devices at the same time
RZEIVFVWRUQLY	5	Five Stars Great Product to have in your car to power or charge laptop, tablet & phones.
ROSAJCMQJ5COB	2	Two Stars no good
R13STNM8X2JQI1	5	Great product - keeps me motivated to reach my fitness ... Great product - keeps me motivated to reach my fitness goals  -  This one was a gift I brag about my Jawbone UP  to anyone who will listen I had the bracelet  and  was not entirely happy . When it burned out I was reluctant to  get another Jawbone product  - glad  I stuck with you  - The Up  is an improvement over the bracelet -  I kept losing the cap and  had  to keep a charger at home, in the car and at work. I did not mean to go on and on.  BUT- the Smart Coach ... thumbs up  R&D  I.T.  people  -  like having my own personal coach . Thank you and Regards,
R3T0NMUSXSTPDL	2	At first this case was great. It looked sleek and looked perfectly At first this case was great. It looked sleek and looked perfectly, however over time this case has literally fallen apart. I have gone through 4 of these things all replaced under warranty but decided to get another brand after my last one died. The button can stop working, the kickstand breaks off, the case chips easily and the case stopped charging my phone when plugged in. Works well in the short run, but get ready for it to break after a month!
R29H73ALYED0O1	4	Four Stars Not bad, but it is not the best. However, considering the price, it could be a good bargain.
RHUD0LAB8KYVS	5	Tuff ! Tuff well made little cord !!
R2O8YE41UUO2RS	5	Five Stars It's awesome
R15UIP2V3KBKDQ	2	Great sound but battery doesn't last the 5 hrs it ... Battery only last about 1 1/2 hr. Great sound but battery doesn't last the 5 hrs it said that it does
R3689C89YI31HH	5	Fantastic. 10/10. Great case. Fit perfectly on my phone, shipped fast and is very rugged without making it too bulky.
RM5MSAQ4808VV	3	Three Stars There ok but really hard to keep air bubbles from forming during application.
R1CO3I1X31WC9F	5	Five Stars works great.
R2XV5JU72I58GV	5	Five Stars Nice!
R3EWDBPDCUZK89	4	Happy! Fits very well.  Love that the color of my phone comes through.
R13JCHHKDZNKB3	5	Five Stars good phone case, thank you!
RQBMVL9ARQJ2L	5	Five Stars Love  it
R3NTOB3EU15MUS	5	Do it  yourself  easy easy love  this  i  fixed my  cell phone myself  with the  help  of  U-tube  saved alot  of money  couldnt believe how  easy this  was  to  do
R32ORXIE90ZCLK	2	good construction, horrible user-friendliness the software is horribly un-user friendly.  i dread having to add music/files.  compared to sandisks sansa zipclip, its the pits.  i hate the display, i hate the organization on the ipod...  the whole thing is counter-intuitive to use.    well, the things i do like is that it holds 20 gb and i got it used, cheap.  thats probably the only things that are good about it. i had a zipclip before and loved it, but there is a defect in how they manufacture the batter connection, so they are all destined to fail, and i wouldnt do that again.  at least the ipods construction is good.  useability on this model is miserable, though.   oh, i hate the thumb mechanism to select files.  man, i dont know why they cant make one like the old 8 bit nintendo controllers.  that would be SO much easier.
RKZBWBP10026T	5	Five Stars Perfect
R2TTCSQMFP68WA	3	Just OK Item arrived as described. 2 things that disappointed me. 1-it isn't very loud. Barely louder than my phone so not good for large spaces. 2-it does not hold a charge for very long.
R1EAQ8U4RP9U0L	1	One Star It arrived defective
RDM9RD4ZIUJGM	3	They work...but slowly. These are good as backup cables at a great price and seem to be quite compatible with the iPhone 5s.  Not too sure about the &#34;lightning&#34; part...personally I think they take rather a long while to reach a full charge.  If you want a true lightning cable check out the Zerolemon cables!  I needed a longer cable and ordered their 10' lenght...great quality and I can't get over how fast it charges my phone!!!
R30AI8NMB2VE03	2	Duracell Powermat Worked for a while... but... I was given this as a gift for Christmas about a year and a half ago.  i have to admit it was pretty cool and worked well for about the first 6 months.  Then the case on the phone started to fall apart and before long the rubber casing wasn't staying on.  So i just decided to deal with it for a while as i never really removed the case unless i needed to gte to the battery or card in the phone. Eventually, the rubber outline on the case was just too flimsy to use, so i came the Amazon and got a replacement case a few months ago and i was happy again.  However, the base would no longer charge the phone.  That was annoying enough, but now, if i plug in a cord charger to the case, that will no longer charge the phone either. Needless to say, i am moving on.  Good Luck!
R2KSCJ6YPWE5YM	1	One Star Lots of vibration which makes looking at directions cumbersome.
R3M3Q3T5GL0YD7	5	Great  batteries for emergencies. Great back up or emergency batteries. These hold a charge just as long as the original samsung battery. Down side, when taking photos with your camera you can not use your flash. If you try to take a photo using your flash your phone will shut down. I use these batteries when my Lomui 3800 mah battery is getting low. Just keep one in my wallet and the other in my back pack. Once a month I discharge them and then recharge them to keep the batteries healthy and ready for emergencies.
R3LK01YGYI7PQZ	5	Five Stars Great sound for the money, fast delivery.
R2Z2SG3N53FGYR	4	Four Stars Good product. Good shipping.
R3FTV373AWJWOA	5	Five Stars works well
R1KGVOU5E2PAFO	1	It did not stick In frustration i just threw it ... It did not stick In frustration  i just threw it a away For the 6 dollars i spent on it i could not be bothered  to send it back
RU3QYZOVQR8U6	5	Five Stars It's fits well
R32J3SL87WG5U0	3	The lever that clicks the side button (ringer/vibrate) on and ... The lever that clicks the side button (ringer/vibrate) on and off broke so I had to stop using the case..
R1NHBVCFVWT9U0	5	Five Stars Good!
R2APRQYP76PCGJ	4	Great headset for car Love the unit
R26KZCH2K78DS7	1	X finger sensor doesn't work screen protector kept coming off horrible quality I wouldn't recommend cheaply made
R3MT0FQ626GDVL	3	NICE PRODUCT! I bought to screen protector as a gift. My friend says it fits perfectly and looks nice. Easy to install. Be aware that it's not anti-finger. But overall Good product!
R1SM2OQUJLBL3W	1	I'm am absolutely not happy! This is not a straight talk phone and ... I'm am absolutely not happy! This is not a straight talk phone and I bought two. Now I will have to pay an extra $60 per phone to get it activated.
R2ZT60M6VAWO2X	4	I wasn't really sure how useful it would be I've never used a smartwatch before so when I got this, I wasn't really sure how useful it would be.  I have a Galaxy Note 4 in a wallet case, so it's a bit cumbersome to open and view notifications.  This watch has been super useful for just quickly checking whatever text or email I was just sent or who's calling without having to dig into my pockets and mess with my big phablet.  The coolest thing I've used with it so far is with navigation.  When Google Navigate is running, I can have an app on my pebble that will tell me what the next turn is, how far, and it vibrates when I'm getting close.  The only major downside I've come across so far is that the screen has tearing issues occasionally.  Lines will occasionally get scattered around across the screen randomly.  It's pretty easily fixed though by just navigating to a different menu and back again.
R2AF847DJLPM5	5	Excellent order 100%satisfaction The charger works just fine it got here on time so thank you for that So in till next time this order gets a five stars yaya awsome
R2E4N2QKUBC7ZU	4	IPhone 4S Silicone Skin The silicone skin was good!
RKSI5BBC9K0T7	1	however it doesn't lock in place and slides off easily. Making u turns had thrown my detector all ... Advertises that this works with the passport max but it doesn't. Let me rephrase that, it will hold the max, however it doesn't lock in place and slides off easily. Making u turns had thrown my detector all over the car. I'm surprised my detector hasn't been damaged because of this.
R1V8CHLUJTZA0W	5	Five Stars This thing for fun))  I like it)
R3HV4T9731VASU	1	Perfect install, then placed into my brothers pocket the ... Product is not as resilient as the OEM. Perfect install, then placed into my brothers pocket the morning he went to work, sat down in his car, heard a slight crack looked at his phone... Cracked!!! He bought his G2 new when it came oh so long ago... Oh well, what can you do.
R2B4JXPSPUNB64	4	Four Stars like perfect fit
R12J04AWL7KJKN	1	don't like it. Thanks Small phone, don't like it.  Thanks!
R2VM1JL8GFYLU8	4	I cracked it again lol Really good tools install this if you have the steady hands
RXCNQPFTKEBJ	5	Excellent customer service Had an issue with product...but Wireless Solutions are sending me a replacement. Excellent customer service!!
RNT3YF7AY0F9L	5	works wonderfully!! Phone arrived quickly, reasonably priced, works wonderfully!!!  It does not seem able to hook up with my Verizon back up assistant....  First world problems!  I will have to enter all my phone numbers by hand!  Sigh!  My original G'zOne lost the ability, but otherwise  still works fine for my daughter.  Might be a Verizon thing?  Please note, as rugged as these phones are, they are not Labrador Retriever proof!
R2B252GT9RRD8C	4	Worth the purchase Always buy these ones they sound good
R345SMYGIMM40W	5	Five Stars Best case that I have ever bought for a cell phone!!! it fits perfect!!
R13KSB1NQVIZ2S	4	Four Stars Thanks
R1N3ZORE9L6R13	5	Five Stars Great sound for the money, fast delivery.
R2UQ4O7VM1HZGU	3	NOT A MONEY WASTER!!! If you love taking pictures with different angles and affects, then you sure are gonna love this product! its tiny so its easy to carry around and easy to work. the only thing i felt that was hard and annoying with this product was the set up and the directions. the directions were confusing and the set up seemed difficult from the directions. overall , its a good thing to buy.
R256SF8Q114H2T	4	Pretty Sweet! Nice!
R18X2NYX95OTYJ	5	Five Stars Thank you I love my case
R1411AN8C4217G	3	Three Stars They aren't clear and they don't stick very well. For the price it will work.
R2DZMFZ3U2OW8V	1	Does not fit in the CD slot as well as ... Does not fit in the CD slot as well as others. It causes any device I place onto it to jiggle while driving or idle. While most of these on Amazon are virtually the same; I'd rather spend even a few more dollars on anther brand.
R3GK3ZNO272ZSY	3	The positive compensates, for the negative...mostly. Definitely protecting my phone,which is a big plus with my destructive tendencies...it is heavy, however, I am getting used to the weight. There are some problems with reception, but not many places where I spend a lot of time. Assembly was a little time consuming. The only thing that really bothered me was that the tool for the allen head screws, which is about the same size as the tools in an eyeglass repair kit, came screwed INSIDE the outer shell of the phone case, the screws needing to be unscrewed with the same tool inside for complete assembly.
R20RXTGB153AN4	5	Five Stars Great product, but had to find out the hard way that wifi calling only works on the T-Mobile phones.
R20J425CES4N26	5	Five Stars One of the best most fun cases I've ever had!
R3UNXGQMU98K3H	5	Works With My Lumia 920 Awesome! Works great with my Lumia 920.
R3V13W85QFQSFE	5	Five Stars It's good!
R9TBJV7U1MVQX	1	One Star This cable is poor quality and 39&#34; long (not 4ft as advertised).
ROG052U86UZ2F	5	Excellent purchase from Fixing_DIY I ordered from Fixing_DIY just over two weeks ago. I waited on posting a brief review in order to avoid giving a premature positive review; just in case there were any problems. This has actually been the best screen replacement that I've purchased. No light bleed; Accurate colors; Matte black frame matches my phone; Plus it's responsive. The &#34;wedge/lifting&#34; tool however was pretty flimsy. Easy to switch between the two cases because parts were pre-installed for easy transfer. I ordered overnight shipping and received my package sooner than expected. Two minor nitpicks: the earpiece is too deep into the glass and the USB port has a very snug fit; it's sometimes a slight struggle to put in. Really no big deal, I can still hear people I'm talking to perfectly fine, and I can still charge my phone. Other than that, it's the best screen replacement I've purchased. Buy this item, I recommend it.  Update: I dropped the phone on concrete from doorknob height a few days ago and nothing happened to the screen. Just some dings on the frame.
R1I8MT5HPI4IXZ	1	NO GOOD Way TOO large for my earpiece and it's cheaply made.
R13DBSQU0BOHBL	5	Five Stars Battery worked and was perfect size
R19KTPHD6JKDV1	4	Four Stars It's fine
R10PHPECZBNOEL	5	Works as Intended It works as intended.
R333R3D4G5KX87	3	This phone is fairly intuitive and easy to use This phone is fairly intuitive and easy to use, however, I started having memory issues after a couple months of owning it. I figured out how to increase the memory and disable some of the extraneous apps, but I have to check the memory every couple of weeks to make sure it doesn't start freezing up on me. I would not suggest buying this phone.
R1NAZZ5QQZMVFB	3	... bluetooth with no problem this is one of the best watches that I bought I will recommend this to bluetooth with noconnect with bluetooth with no problem this is one of the best watches that I bought I will recommend this to anyone
RS4HON39GD5O9	5	I've tried 8 iphone cases and I LOVE THIS ONE! Great case! I thought it was not going to last through the many times I drop my phone, but it gives me great protection and it took several months of drops before I even managed to nick the case. Looks great! The gold is the same tone of gold as the gold iPhone so they look nice paired together. Very lightweight and smooth, but offers a great deal of protection!
R33MUQESJXTTU0	5	My favorite car charger for years. This is my favorite car charger for any cell phone that uses microUSB. The cable is coiled so it doesn't get all over the place yet it'll stretch as far as you need it. The light is a good indicator that the charger is plugged in correctly (how many times have we thought we had it plugged in but it wasn't?). The charge rate is acceptable and I've bought maybe five of these over the years and they've all worked as advertised.
R1YHCRM9TEJ2W0	4	Shorty charger good charger but the cord is too short
R38F71MN3GC2B4	5	Five Stars Always loosing my headset and this is the best.  always buy this one
RU8YG8OE31BR6	5	Five Stars Great headphones.
RQ8SBMJZQNVB	1	Buy Cheap, Get Cheap After installing I put pressure on the corner to make sure it had a solid fit and it cracked. Must be paper thin glass....
R18PEWR015PJ0I	3	Three Stars NEEDS WORK fas a product.
R2HI4LYGXTGHS8	5	It does what it is supposed to. Reviews on ... It does what it is supposed to. Reviews on many similar products had me wary, but this product turned out to be the right choice. This product does automatically connect to your phone.
RR6206C717N5N	5	Buy it!!! I love it. I've been using it since the day I got it. It fits well on my ear and has a spare of ear strap for those who has small ear. Quality of sounds, the easy setup, is what I needed
R15O4VLXDPL5MZ	5	Great Selfie Stick I definitely recommend it Great Selfie Stick I definitely recommend it. I take selfies every day with my friends and family, I will surely but another one for my Girlfriend. This Selfie Stick is easy to use and light-weighted. It is easy to carry anywhere with its compact size and is compatible with either iPhone or any other cell phone.
R3OMQJQTK3NJCM	1	This case is HORRIBLE! it DOES NOT WORK This case is HORRIBLE! it DOES NOT WORK! My son cracked his phone screen the first week he got this case. It did NOT protect his phone at all and now we have to replace a screen and pay an insurance deductible.
R2GD9QOUDZ5LOO	5	Five Stars Awesome
R39C5979526EO6	3	Works well with T-Mobile US. Great build quality, but glitchy performance. Revising my review. It's glitchy and crashes often. Has trouble with apps. Tried to install Pokemon Go and it took far too much effort. Now that the app is installed, it crashes constantly.    Great phone. I was nervous when it said &#34;Euro Sim Card Only&#34; but so far, the only problem I've run into is that it doesn't work with US LTE networks. Data transfer speeds are good. Excellent ergonomics. It takes awhile to get used to the Android system, but aside from that I like everything about it.
R1TS3JKHWJ2NV8	5	Full Review: 1byone Car Air Vent Phone Mount If want to use your smartphone as a SatNav in your car then some sort of mount is essential. Unfortunately although there's a wide variety of universal phone holders on the market a lot of them aren't very good. Most use a clamp design that can be awkward when fitting or removing your phone and many aren't very stable and tend to vibrate when driving. Build quality can also be a problem with many falling apart after prolonged use.  1byone have gone with an innovative design which consists of a small magnetic disk which pushes onto any car air-vent via 4 rubberized fingers. This proved very easy to fit and stays in place very securely.  Secondly you get a choice of two magnetic plates depending on whether you use a case on your phone or not. There's a round magnetic plate that sticks directly onto the back of your phone, or a larger rectangular plate that sits between the case and your phone.  As my phone has a case I went with the second option and as the plate is very thin it fitted nicely between the layers of my dual-layer case. Once you pop the case back on you'd never know the plate is there - until it jumps into place as it gets close to the air vent mount.  My phone is on the larger side but the magnetic bond had no problem holding it in place. There were no issues with it slipping off while driving although it would sometimes rotate slightly to the left or right. The phone remained stable while driving with very little vibration.  Attaching and removing the phone couldn't be quicker or easier, and the mount's rubberized coating prevents any damage to your phone or case. When not in use the small mount with it's discreet 1byone logo matches in well with the look of the car dashboard.  Overall I was very impressed with 1byone's air vent car mount. My previous phone holder is a clamp design which sticks to the windscreen but this is much more convenient. If you don't use a phone case then not everyonewill be happy to stick a black disk to the back of your phone but if you're willing to do so then this will work very well. For case users there really is no downside and as it's well made and very inexpensive I can highly recommend it.
R27P5DUMN4YNVK	5	This one is awesome and so portable I really need this for my workday. I work out in the field and can't get to a charger. This one is awesome and so portable. It looks very sophisticated so I don't mind pulling it out of my bag and charging my phone. I would recommend this for those who can't always get to a charger/outlet to charge their phone during the workday, play day or any day.
RFNRMH8FSO72K	4	Happy but a little disappointed Although I really appreciate the fast delivery of the product, it was a little misleading. According to the information as described and matching photos,  I was looking for the black covers/tips to come with the clear ones that were delivered. Other then that, I'm satisfied with my purchase.
RA8KPNAP67CVK	3	Three Stars Didn't care for the color
R3L854OJ5QM0FC	5	great fit fit perfect
R1L9VB7B5M0FT1	1	Low quality Very cheap quality, carriage didn't align properly with the apple on my phone. I threw it out right after trying it on my phone
R16UTBKASB24X4	4	Works great. I have an Incredible 4GLTE with a case ... Works great. I have an Incredible 4GLTE with a case on it. It fits very snug, but it fits. Seems to be made of pretty heavy material as well. Looking forward to see how long it lasts. The two belt clip options are very good too. Seems to be a well made product.
R20DY4TCN18RWQ	5	Just what i wanted! I love this case. I wanted something that wasn't colorful because I like the look of the iPhone6. The rubber around the edges is perfect for having a good grip on my phone. Before using this case I was constantly concerned with dropping my new phone. I couldn't hold it in one hand without it slipping out, but now I can get a good handle of it. It also allows you access to all the buttons, switches, etc. I would recommend this case.
R3M0ZFVKY9PO4	5	Very happy with the purchase Very happy with the purchase. I have paired to both my iPhone and Apple watch and they are comfortable plus have very good sound.
R3HLP90NPAUKHB	1	Great product for about eight hours. When I received the product it was just what I was hoping it was going to be. Easy to mount and easy to set how best fits your needs and the part that wrapped around the phone was well cushioned so it won't hurt the phone. Unfortunately after using it on the first day the spring popped out and it will no longer hold my phone so I sent this product back.
R2HGF2RKHT3B8C	2	Two Stars Stop working after a month don't get
R3JLMOGK6KVYNV	5	Five Stars as expected
R3HFW01NIT3HAJ	5	Five Stars The cables seem very sturdy. Shipping was quick. An awesome product at a great price.
R1AGV3DB6WOMUN	5	I own and radio and TV station and I am letting people know how satisfied I am with this product This product far exceeded my expectations.  My phone remains in place while I am driving and using it as a GPS.  I would order another Arkon Friction Dash Smartphone Car Mount.  I own and radio and TV station and I am letting people know how satisfied I am with this product.
R115K4LH1URTX5	3	Nice case sides to low to protect phone properly, great for a back up case The case is a very nice case.  My only complaint is it covers the bare minimum of the sides of the phone.  If it went up a bit higher it would be more secure and give much more protection.  It was a great price and it arrived much quicker then estimated.  It is a great case for a back up.  If they made one with higher sides I would definitely  order another one.
RNP7PDQEQUHFD	2	Not a value Bought this for an old iPhone 4.  Case is slightly too large for the phone and the antennas came off within 2 weeks.
R1AWTW9FD1GJ6L	2	Two Stars The sound is good, but tends to break up and stutter a lot.. not very smooth listening
R1UFU0WQCIDPVF	2	DONT BUY IT, it breaks too fast. DONT BUY IT , it breaks too fast .
R2CRQ6DYNG27S9	2	Two Stars I broke it in like 4 days. But I dunno if it's just me or the case.
R2JMQT5L3EXIV9	2	Very Disappointed After reading all of the reviews and having an approximate 94% approval rating, I was totally hyped up to check these out. when I get them and opened them up, I was a little put off. They do look cool, but they are completely made out of plastic. They feel very, very cheap, solid, but cheap. There was no charge on them at all. Typically, there is a partial charge or at least enough to power them on. No problem, I took the supplied cable and charged them for 2 hours. I saw the red light lit indicating a charge, and then the blinking blue light indicating a full charge. I put them in my ears and I was unable to power them on. I wasn't sure what was going on. I plugged them back into power and then was able to turn them on. I put them in pairing mode and started playing music. The sound was very good and they had a good fit. I continued to let them charge for another two hours and after that I was still unable to turn them on without being plugged into a charger. I am very pleased with the replacement / return process. Maybe I got some out of a bad lot or something. I am not sure what happened. With all of these positive reviews, I am very disappointed in what I ended up getting.
R2MOV1MICGC6MF	5	He Like it, He Likes It! 😀 Love this case, got it as a gift for my Husband for his Birthday, He's so picky!! Hard to please and buy for, This is a very Nice case, Wish they had it in Pink or Purple sparkly girly something, that'd be cool! 😉
R12N5NEJ3YCD8G	5	Five Stars Very durable and super cute!
ROMZW40XX2G4M	5	Five Stars Perfect
RI839E4IBVVDO	5	I like it. It covers my headphones jack and charger ... I like it. It covers my headphones jack and charger port . But not the speakers. Pretty hard too open and put it on.
R2PI6E3591AJHJ	3	Nice and cheaper wireless headphones Nice and cheaper wireless headphones. Hurts my ears after wearing for +1.5 hours though. Can hook up to multiple gadgets (laptop, iPad, phone..)
R1NSR8C04I4IK3	1	One Star Ordered and paid for three of the Black cases only received two cases
R2PXNIOV1PKR8Q	1	One Star The case I received was broken and won't stay closed onto the phone all the way.
R19PF5K8BJEAB8	2	There is no way to replace just this glass as ... There is no way to replace just this glass as it is glued to the digitizer. I had to return this and buy the digitizer and touch screen glass as complete unit.
R26QYB952N6618	5	This is very good portable charger This is very good portable charger.  It is always ready to charge your portable devices -- simply plug in your USB cord and plug in your device and charging starts immediately.  It will easily charge your smart phone several times before it needs to be re-charged itself.  It will also charge an iPad or other tablet at least once before needing to be re-charged.
R2CV36K4TVNIV6	5	Five Stars I love this case, it's very durable and spunky! Seller was amazing also!!
R13GLQQMFI40TJ	4	Four Stars Nice for battery backup
R38Y8TJG6NVQJV	2	From sounding like a bumblebee to on a very distant speaker phone From the past reviews, I thought this was a score at the price.  But I am not getting the same quality that I read about.  I have had numerous complaints about the sound quality from my customers on the other end.  From sounding like a bumblebee to on a very distant speaker phone.  My business relies on my cell phone, and I can't seem to find the right headset that works flawlessly.  Any suggestions....
R2Q0HBCMFXH4SV	5	This little speaker sounds great and worked perfectly for turn by turn audio directions ... This little speaker sounds great and worked perfectly for turn by turn audio directions on my bicycle. It's also great around the house!
RU68W98G5R2S7	4	It works. It's a snug fit, but it works.
R3B740I0HSTQK6	5	Five Stars Great Product
R3FIXZ7M58MDZX	5	Five Stars Love the feel.  Strong and great fit.
R30CFZG4MYTKGU	5	JOTO case success We took our cases on a river rafting trip and they worked perfectly. Took pictures with my iphone 6 in it and it worked well. We did the recommended test in it first. I purchased a 3rd one to give to a friend. As an update, we've used this several times.  It also is great to carry your phone in when biking or hiking and then you don't have to find a pocket and enables you to use your phone for photos quickly.  I recently used it while biking in Colorado, and it gave me quick access to take pictures for at brief stops. I've also used it while out sightseeing by storing my ID and credit cards in it as well.  It's very handy!
R3W38JFREQ26L6	5	Five Stars work very well
R9NGJK65IIYOA	5	Five Stars Functions very well as an iPhone 5 charger.
R2IDVS7G1DHR05	5	Anker Charger Wonderful way to charge my new Nexus phone.  Charges the phone without the need to remove the clear plastic case. Great value!
R3OBK59L2YU4K8	5	Five Stars I love the case I bought for galaxy grand prime. Its perfect.
R3TBOVY7SYCKD3	5	Tech21 has the best phone protection that doesn't get stuck in your pocket ... Tech21 has the best phone protection that doesn't get stuck in your pocket and isn't too bulky. I cannot tell you how many times I have dropped my phone. Heck I even dropped it as I was walking one time and kicked it across a parking lot. Tech21 was scuffed up but the phone was fabulous! Thanks Tech21!
R1JTKAKZ530JUE	5	Five Stars Good, light weight charger
R20ASZ8SZVIHC6	5	Great Good quality. My 11-yr old daughter loves it.
R2791Y13SATSIZ	5	Five Stars Great
R3L1LK237CXFY5	2	Two Stars Not as good as I'd hoped
R2H0KOKTJE0ON1	3	Three Stars Easy installation, but has already failed.
RRO211EP3LIXF	5	phone review Love this phone
R14ANTBIXG9ZWV	1	and the case itself- is only good if it is dropped Item arrived EXTREMELY past due, it does not come out of the case properly, the screen protector is VERY CHEAPLY made & doesn't cover the screen properly, and the case itself- is only good if it is dropped. I would NOT recommend this product to others.
R2TKWIXES8FTTI	5	Five Stars Love it works good!!
R2B82LRWS6F3C8	1	One Star broke within the first couple of days
R2H5X6I7W23PW2	5	Best screen protector I've ever used!! I've used a lot of different screen protectors on the various phones I've had over the years & this has got to be the best one I've ever had!! Was a little intimidated when I saw how thick it was but installation was very easy. Just make sure you follow the instructions and install it in a clean dust free area and you won't be disappointed!!
R37NWNS9513CZ7	3	Nice look but not real snug fit Simple design which is what I prefer. The enclosed screen cover applied smoothly and with almost no bubbling. The plastic edge of the case is a little loose fitting with the N5 installed. As a result it tends to click slightly when I push the power button to turn off the screen.
R339VF2ARQ9CYJ	2	It's ok but after you use it and take it ... It's ok but after you use it and take it off you phone a couple times it not that much off a water proof
R22NRC1U8PFQK1	5	Best use for my CD player, ever! This really is a great product. I thought the base was a little bulky when I first got it, but after &#34;installing&#34; it, I find I barely notice it's presence. It clips into the CD slot nice and securely, and maintains a secure grip on the phone (iPhone 6). The arm is firm enough that the phone doesn't move around and change it's position, even on bumpy roads, but I never find myself fighting and fumbling to find the right position. One-handed operation may take a little bit of technique, but is rather simple when placing and positioning; taking it out is easier with two hands, but still manageable with one.  The main thing to keep in mind is the location of your CD slot, and whether your phone will cover up any other controls or displays. I'm using this in a 2006 F150 with a center console and a factory six-disc changer (that has never seen a single disc). As long as I place the grip at the bottom of the phone, I can still clearly see my radio display and access all buttons.
R1HIF7NDGCUMV7	1	"High" capacity battery Sorry, does not work as good as the regular, 1 year old used, one I had before. I had it switched over at a Verizon store and charged it carefully. I still have to charge it daily, even with minimum (1 or 2 short calls) daily usage.
R2NHFHUZYLPWUL	5	Five Stars Muy buen producto
R1J2OSN6N360V6	1	Poor quality from Samsung Bought this product because I thought it be a good quality coming from Samsung but when it arrived only one cord works and the other one works intermittently. Be warned there are better products out there for less.
R3K4NM8LNQG1TC	3	installation wasn't easy but got it right after messing one screen up what i got wasn't exactly as the picture described (the film does not wrap around the buttons) strangely this was a reason for choosing this over others for me. installation wasn't easy but got it right after messing one screen up.
R3NRQUZ58UFYDP	5	Five Stars Nice!
RI57BBYMFHABA	5	Five Stars Works perfect! Love it.
RJJMWXELHO7UQ	1	One Star Screen cracked within two weeks of purchase
R1WLXF7GHVMB2X	5	Beat charger! This is the best power adapter I ever used for my iPhone. I bought one 8month ago and never had any problems. This time I bought another one for my work place. This change the iPhone so first! This is real, great product!
R3NYBQW6IG6GKL	5	Five Stars charges all my devices and is small for the capacities
R1OBOGH54ZXPC	4	it works great and the flashlight isn't too bright but its just ... Sometimes the charging can be a bit tricky, I have plugged it in with the correct amperage and left it charge overnight and it was still not charged. this has happened a few times now, but every time I charge my phone with it, it works great and the flashlight isn't too bright but its just a power bank, I didn't buy it expecting it too be super bright. its a nice little bonus thrown in, its also nice to be able to check the battery status of your power bank.
R3CT2R5X036IV8	5	Excellent item to invest in am very satisfied with my item. It was well wrapped and arrived on time.
R3QJSG5J8IAR6S	5	Easy install. Great price. This was the easiest screen protector install I've ever done. The hinge technique is simple and intuitive. Definitely worth it.
R1B753JKV9TY88	5	It works as advertised It works as advertised
R3VB4JQJP382OZ	4	Great case, slim design and easy to pull out ... Great case, slim design and easy to pull out of your pocket but still provides a secure grip feel.  I had a screen protector on the front and back already.  I installed with the protectors still on there and it worked for a little while till the built in protector started sticking to the previously installed one.  I also noticed that some dust kept getting under the attached screen protector.  I removed the case and carefully cut the attached protecting film off the case and left the previously installed one.  Works perfect.
ROQKYAY8YE681	5	I love the armbands for my smart phone I love the armbands for my smart phone.  I bought these so that I would quit forgetting to put it in the bag.  Now I have one in each car and one for the bag.  They are super comfortable.  The only part I have never understood, is that spot marked for a key.  I don't own a key that would fit in that spot.  I loved getting these in two days from Amazon.  I can start my week of right!
R11AWSPWFPVH48	5	Charges all my mobile devices fast. Very handy. Charges all my mobile devices fast. Very handy.
R2XKAJNRD4TDTM	4	Four Stars Its nice product
R1R9G5GT8LW3D	4	Four Stars Easy Installation.  Looks good.
R1R285D1II2YGE	3	was not the right size for my phone It was exactly what I wanted but....it was extremely large for my phone.  I would like full return or credit on my account.
R18TK5LUTN10BE	4	Works well Would be fantastic if it held more than four Works well Would be fantastic if it held more than four cards
R2WK92Q0FRRFDB	5	Great Phone! I bought this phone about a year and a half ago and am very pleased with it. It's a very sturdy phone and has withstood countless falls without a case, including falls on asphalt and down a hill. When it drops the back cover of the phone comes off and the battery falls out, but I simply put the battery back in and clip the back on. The screen has never even cracked. It continues to work like always; I don't even worry when I drop my phone without it's case anymore. Also, I brought it kayaking with me once and stuck it in the waterproof compartment, but it got a little wet anyhow. When I opened the phone the inside was quite wet, so I quickly took out the battery, dried it off, blew in the cracks, and set it in front of a fan. It was fine!   Besides durability, this phone is very good looking, especially in white. The white shows dirt faster, but this is very easy to remedy, just unclip the back of the phone and wash it with soap and warm water. DO NOT get the battery or phone wet! This phone can't have many apps at once, maybe five, depending how big they are. But it has a removable mini SD card, which is very nice. And it works well for Bluetooth, texting, talking, WiFi, and everything you'll need on a phone. The camera is pretty good too. Plus it's inexpensive, not to mention it has triple minutes, a big money-saver! VERY nice phone. I love this phone ! !
R304EQW5HCIP0U	5	Five Stars This was a gift for my daughter and she loves it!
R2JS5PWDH3NC2V	5	Love this USB charging unit Love this USB charging unit, its small and allows me to charge my 700 different types of rechargeables. Works great.
R1GSCMJYPFXWU2	5	Awesome Absolutely loved it.  It's so clear and for an excellent price. Well done CaLifu
R3GJ5WXK8943SS	5	great product. Fast shipping, great product.
RDV6F01XXMDZA	3	Three Stars good item
R1WRNGQZ7U31P3	4	Strong case, well made, interchangeable Your submitted review: Packaging was nice. Screen protector had blue stickers on both sides so it came super clean. Also, it comes with a wipe to clean out any extra dust that may have gotten in. The install was straight forward and simple. Clean phone, case, insert phone and snap in. Put rubber cover on and press into place.  Choose the color you want and press into back. Swapping is easy to. I received this case to review it from New Trent. Happy with it.
R3NNJBNIJPFQXH	4	Cable works fine by using a Live CD (Linux) of the CHIRP ... Cable works fine by using a Live CD (Linux) of the CHIRP software. I did not even try to use the included driver CD. The cable was used to program 10 Retevis H777 radios and a Baofeng UV-5R radio with no problems.
RRUZURBVDC9T2	3	OK, NO DISPLAY OR CHARGER PORT PROTECTION. HARD ... OK,NO DISPLAY OR CHARGER PORT PROTECTION.HARD TO BEAT OTTERBOX DEFENDER.
R2V5QNI4NINLY4	5	Five Stars Great durable case
R3P5J1UGBNOX68	3	My first Knivo completely quit charging and would not turn ... My first Knivo completely quit charging and would not turn on.  The on/off button stopped working.  I purchased another on to give it another try.  I will see.  Holding my breath!
R14N57WFJZ8YNZ	5	Great unit, a little difficult to install so be ... Great unit, a little difficult to install so be patient.  Works great and map updates are continual/ongoing at no extra cost. I update maps 3-4 times per year.  It has my recommendation.
R36080AX7ASBJW	5	A bamboo phone/watch holder that is top notch This is a great little stand for my iPhone and Apple Watch.  The stand is bamboo and is very light.  Even though it is lightweight, it holds my phone perfectly.  My phone has a protective case on it and it still fits.  The watch loops over this holder and charges well.  The cable comes in from behind the stand and the extra cable stores in the bottom of the holder. There are 4 rubber feet on the bottom that prevent the stand from slipping.  The front of the holder has a small indent in it so that you can still push the home button while the phone is in the holder.  I received a discount on this item in exchange for my honest opinion and review.
R22GYJM9BFA8RD	4	Four Stars Runs out of juice faster than I thought it would
R3HVER4UP2U7SB	1	Horrible fit! Case would constantly fall off Horrible fit!  Case would constantly fall off.
R1ZNI1Q8VOAH34	3	It fitted in my galaxy perfect, the edges does not stick perfect Received on time,  It fitted in my galaxy perfect, the edges does not stick perfect, I do not know why.
R3Q460AIB33TWY	4	Four Stars Good
R2WKX1ADGN0IVQ	3	Very cool case for a short while. I like this case.  It was really cool when it arrived.  Pricey, but this company makes good products.  Unfortunately my case hasn't held up very well.  Threading started coming out a little, then a lot!  It's so bad now that the case really isn't usable.  I purchased this product in February of this year, and it only seems to have lasted a little over 6 months.  Slightly disappointed.
RIPILQTMBAVF6	4	Four Stars GOOD BUY
RVDUFMT7Y20R1	5	Five Stars Worked great!
R2RBQXSCPHFIXN	2	Two Stars Broke after 2 months or so.
RLIOSRFQTYEMJ	5	Five Stars very nice item
R1LT9QHUMJRFUD	4	Four Stars Great light weight bluetooth headphones! It feels cheap but works like a charm!!
R3W0HM4M4ADXWO	5	Works great, so far it's holding up better than other ... Works great, so far it's holding up better than other chargers I've had. I'd definitely recommend this or another braided jacket cable. That alone helps them hold up better
R3TQPLMSSQ7LM1	1	BOTH CABLES DID NOT WORK PROPERLY. IT DID NOT ... BOTH CABLES DID NOT WORK PROPERLY. IT DID NOT CHARGE QUICKLY OR PROPERLY AS THE OEM. I DO NOT RECCOMEND THIS PRODUCT.
R2AYJHH8WJNGAU	4	Time will tell. I wanted a water resistant because I work for the local school and the raining  season is about to start.  This looks and feels good and is easy to put on.  It also allows wireless charging which is nice because I got the charger free with the phone.  Though I wish the instructions were for this phone,because watching  the instructions for an iPhone 6 for a Samsung note is strange.  Edit:Sombody asked about the stylus access so i uploded some pictures.
RNUQ8ZUPFGCBY	5	Quality product Works like it should along with a nice design, would buy again.
R34AVJPEXOTUF1	4	Great generic lightening USB cable I've tried a few generic brand lightening cables and they all eventually break.  so far, this one works great out of the box.  I've been using it for about 3 months and have had no problems.
R21I4TIW5MB4Z0	5	Five Stars Great
RZ8IZ0Y1X1Y9K	1	Poor paint / finishing quality Poor quality as far as the color (black) on the outside part that covers the glass, the color started to erase easily after a week or less using my nail and simple touches to hard sufraces
RLKQDWLCYVE6X	4	Four Stars The quality is not higth.
R2FMQ612OWWMRY	5	Five Stars Nice mount for my phone
R1GMIALUKQVAGK	5	Five Stars Works great thx
R124CF0FOA5DO2	4	It worked in my 97 4Runner Instructions suck.  Need a better selection of screws....it was like a mix and match screw selection.
RWTP16MRSCAOV	5	Anker has THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE ANYWHERE I bought 10 of these 10 ft. cables because I like to charge two or three devices where I use them when they need it, sometimes in the bedroom. living room and office, and don't want to unplug the cord and drag it with me.  I had problems with the original order in that they quickly began to lose their &#34;staying connectedness&#34;.  What I mean is that the small port would lose the ability to stay in the device, it would fall out if I didn't loop the cord around my hand to release any tension on the plug or it would fall out.  Then I had to start putting something under the plug where it connected to keep it in the right place so the interior part would make the connection and charge.  Finally my tablet just wouldn't charge on these cords, my phone and Kindle would, but not the tablet.  So I called Anker and they said send them back for replacement.  Before I could find them and a box to ship them in Anker had sent me one cable, thinking that's all I was having a problem with.  I re-called them and explained that no, it was all of them and I was still looking for all of them, that I'd only found 7 so far (some had been relegated to a dead electronics coffin somewhere).  Anker said they'd go ahead and replace the other 6 then, and I would ship back the 7.  I had shipped the 7 back by this time, my 7 had crossed their 1 in the mail, and that I was not happy that not only had I had the problem with all the cables, but that they had gotten the replacement shipping wrong also (I had followed both calls up with an email explaining the problem and that it happened with 10, and the order number to show I had originally ordered 10.  I asked for overnight shipping because I was having to make due with one Anker cable and one cheapie Walmart one that I had from the old days and it was very inconvenient.  They not only shipped out the originally asked for 9 additional (adding up to the 10 in the order) but did it Fed Ex Express (it was Friday when I called, nearly at the endof the day, so that was as close as they could get to overnight).  I've waited a couple of weeks to write this review to make sure the new cables stay secure and they do.  I also wanted to point out that Anker provides excellent customer service and, in my opinion, goes above and beyond what any company I've dealt with in the last 20 years will do.  They provide what customer service used to be &#34;in the old days&#34; when companies really wanted the customer to be happy and would go to whatever lengths it took to make that happen.  I would totally recommend them for any of their products, feeling comfortable that the company has the customers best interests at heart and will resolve any issues.
R86U41Q7R36I6	5	I am a very happy customer. Would definitely buy again I have had no problems with my purchase. I am a very happy customer. Would definitely buy again.
R1S2SYR1ZQ8UEI	5	My son likes the armband it fits him nice. This is a great armband for my son to use his iPhone with. He loves to workout at the gym and take long runs. It fits perfect on his arm and the velcro stayed closed while he was running. Marsboy Armband is also waterproof.  It is nicely designed and seems it will hold up very well. I did have another armband for him but it broke within a few uses. He has been using it now for quite a while and it looks great, stays in shape, and is easy to take his phone in and out. It is snug so he does not have to worry about it falling out. He likes this so much better while he works out than a regular waist band or clip. I received this armband complimentary in exchange for my unbiased review and opinion. All opinions and words are my own.  Marsboy Armband
R14L7SLW9D7GGD	5	The colors are vibrant and the product quality is good. I'd buy it again The case is a little thin, but then we switched from an Otter box so the comparison might not be fair. The colors are vibrant and the product quality is good. I'd buy it again, and recommend to a friend.
R2HQAMV1QHQVQ5	5	FAST!! Charges fast!  I can stream music and use a map program and still get my phone charged.
R1O1K0M78G0OJ7	5	Five Stars Thanks.
R1CF9X74OZ95A1	5	It is a sturdy cable, thicker than the apple that came with ... I bought this for the reviews and they are accurate. It is a sturdy cable, thicker than the apple that came with my phone. The connectors look like they will last a while.
R2SZ62CP9W4PW6	5	Five Stars Really nice
RKP9LHTPQT5V6	5	Amazing product - amazing price! This keyboard works better than expected. There is no lag in typing and entry on screen. Connects just perfectly. And the best part is the amazing low price!! Don't waste your money on other keyboards that are more expensive, just get this one.  I'm not sure why this is so inexpensive, but it rocks!  I must say, I really love using this keyboard. I found it to be easy to use, accurate, lightweight, and the battery life even lasts pretty long.
R2IG05WPNVLYFJ	5	Rugged, sturdy, and comfortable to hold. Rugged case and comfortable to hold. For the price, you may not find anything better. Its well put together and feels sturdy.
RA0VBGHLCYZJL	5	I live in the upper Northeast and started looking at ... I live in the upper Northeast and started looking at solar chargers last winter, after we had an ice storm that knocked out power for almost a week!
RP4YVSXR9VY5I	5	Five Stars Very good and save place
R1IO4WRAURR8U	4	Works well, replaced my previous device which was discount ... Works well, replaced my previous device which was discount from AT&T and it lasted about 1.5 years.  When it indicates charged...take it off the charger because you may warp the battery and damage the charging circuit in the router.
R3I9YE60RYKHDJ	1	not happy The sticker is pelling off. The cover the back was right but the front of it was cama. Was not happy.
R3ODROECTZ95LQ	1	One Star Nice throw away item.
R2FKWYK9WKMUNR	5	great customer service :) First set had a hard time staying charged but they were awesome and sent a replacement.  Things are working fine now.
R1FZBK8W1OSPXO	5	I was very pleased to receive my order a couple of business days ... My previous case started cracking after a year and a half of use.  I ordered this one as a replacement until I eventually upgrade to a new device.  I was very pleased to receive my order a couple of business days later.  The estimated arrival window hadn't even started.  Upon opening the package I was pleased once again.  It came with a new screen protector, and also a handy stylus.  Only having one issue with the product, and it is more due to me not having my toolbox with me.  I can get 3 or 4 corners to fully come up over the edge.  One though, is trying to roll up and not pop out.  Once I go to the office tomorrow, I should be able to fix that.  Just needs a slight pry from a tiny flat head.  Overall, I am impressed with the quality, price, and shipping time.  Exceeding my expectations.  Keep up the good work.
R2EQM7SATH1F50	5	Five Stars so pretty and reeky has protected my phone from cracking (after dropping it in the parking lot!)
R3HAX67SLRRHC5	3	Three Stars It's not certified.
R345UA0J4M9TOX	2	Two Stars Does the job, quality is okay
R2G5WPBRUPF8N8	1	I do not recommend this product I've had the retractable charger for about 2 weeks, the retractable cord is already jammed.  I do not recommend this product.
R2TRE95G9QVP3S	3	Eh I liked it at first, but after two weeks or so, the water started disappearing, I don't know how because I can't find any leaks. But when the water comes out, the glitter doesn't move.
R204L3MJ2NLLH2	3	Three Stars The rubber stretches and does stay put the black rubbed off and is turning white
R2WYSZS94U8L5R	5	Five Stars Great case and cool color too.
RBSXFS2RIOUY6	5	Very happy with how easy it was to install Very happy with how easy it was to install.  I had one spot thought it would stay after letting it sit for a couple days then it went away very happy with this purchase.
R1Y1KVHPJSWMPN	1	Breaks and cracks -- no customr service It fit perfectly -- Looks good too. But after 3 months the edge just cracks off, in each corner in big chunks. Customer service was non-responsive.
R3MO25341XVLRO	4	Four Stars It's alright
R161CS8C7MBUWK	5	Five Stars Good price and good case.  Clip rotates, has a stand for displaying the phone horiaontally.
R3HSJR20PH2PXE	4	Must-have Mighty Mini! So I don't know about you, but every now and then I love a nice long bubble bath. I've got my nice scents, light low and comfortable but the music is missing! I don't like taking my phone in the bathroom because of the moisture in the air and i like switching songs, but don't want to get my phone wet. This little device has solved all my problems! It's amazing how much quality sound comes from this little speaker. First, it comes in a hard plasic container so it doesn't move around or get damaged It holds a charge very well I can use it for a week and still have great strong sound. the ONLY thing i'd have a negative thing about ( which is NOT the sellers fault) is just that the suction cup doesn't stay... mainly because my shower walls are slightly dimpled so my walls do not provide the adequate surface... BUT i have tested on flat, clean glass and it stays pretty strong! I can change my music without touching my phone. I can leave my phone in my room and not disturb the connection :) I LOVE it!!   I was able to review this item at a discount for my completely honest, unbiased review!
R1CRCWDXZLP9FP	5	Five Stars Real handy
R1KPS3KTLCD8ZP	2	Two Stars doesn't have good touch.
R2ZRN49ZHLU1N1	4	Four Stars Such a pretty phone cover
ROTY6SJ4EUX9	5	Cigarette Lighter Cell Phone Charger Excellent Cell phone charger
RX6HAH916EX48	5	Finally..... Satisfied.  ;) Very, very nice case/protector.  Usually I find myself having something wrong.  This one does NOT seem cheaply made at all.  Thank you
R556M29QL2MJE	5	Great for under $10 For under $10 you really can't go wrong. The Note 5 is just to slippery to use without a case, and having had Cruzerlite cases for almost every phone I've had I purchased another one. It fits the Note 5 very well, and does not block any of the ports. Also, it allows wireless charging with my Tylt charger. Great case, no complaints.
R3BNR8IPLOZ2J5	5	Five Stars Super fast ! Excellent product
R1IXOMIRW1P0BW	1	Terrible Terrible. Stopped working, no longer charging, after 2 months. Don't waste your money.
R25PJ85D7DN4TQ	4	Excellent built materials Built materials is excellent, great 170 wide angle image. Just my personal opinion,  day videos are very good. Night vision is OK, same or closed night quality as Dome G90s. G1w has a brighter night video but less detail than this R1 Pro (up to 1080 only).
R15SUYND9EUO84	3	After two years of having this case, it will ... After two years of having this case, it will start to fail of you. But regardless of everything it is still a case and it covers the phone.
R1IXV4G5VJKPE3	5	Wonderful Multi USB Charger This is just what I was looking for to use in my charging valet. Very nice quality, works great and some of the most Apple-like packaging I have seen
R100SVVA2RH04Q	5	Five Stars Exactly what I needed. Came as promised.
RLY0WIYTPZSCF	3	Three Stars cute
R344XLIQD6UUG9	4	This is by far one of the better case I've purchased for the Nexus 5 This is by far one of the better case I've purchased for the Nexus 5. I've tried a handful of other ones. Simple enough to not be bulky, and protective enough that it won't scratch up the base and has a bit of extra length over the screen that it protect the screen also if you lay it screen down.
R3LM327I8KV4XQ	5	Five Stars One of the coolest things ever for your car perfect wish I would've known about this sooner
R2QRK3AABQW0QY	5	Very Sturdy, Not Brittle Very nice cable. It's very sturdy, not brittle like the other brand's i've had in the past.
R3UWQHV4V9LOF3	2	Not for 6 edge Im sure its a good item, but it does not look good on the 6 edge. The sides are open and the borders catch a lot of dirt. Not so good for this phone.
R27TBI7AZD04PQ	1	The size is not correct since it not cover the ... The size is not correct since it not cover the display 100%. It seems it has not been cut properly.
R2O3MFZ09JBUDN	4	great value - works as advertised works as advertised.  small, well-built.  sometimes i have trouble charging in the second port but if i wiggle it around it works ..the problem might be my car's cigarette lighter. overall, i am very happy though...especially for the price.
R2QXZWKEIC08FS	5	Five Stars Awesome case
RXRHIZ7YUFW2J	1	One Star Item broke already
R10CFMVY0NUD0K	5	I love all Piel Frama products.  This is a great sleeve. I love all Piel Frama products.  This is a great sleeve.
RQJIGUNQ08ONV	5	Five Stars Excellent and very easy to setup and use.
R1OXZ7BN3J3GFG	5	adorable This ninja kitten is sooo cute. He looks just like my sister's new kitten which makes him even cuter in my eyes. The phone jack is tiny (a lot smaller than what the picture make it seem) but that adds to the cuteness factor. It is not bulky and does not get caught on anything due to its small size.
R38YFSEH7TOFXB	5	Fast Shipping.  Great Product. Fast Shipping.  Great product.
R39U5SOCP2EVXX	4	Four Stars Looks nice, perfect size, good to have all other extras.
R14ZMHH0J1P6E3	4	Need To Provide Installation Instructions Can't give this a 5 star since I screwed up installing this.  It would have worked had I not cut the connection for the touchscreen.  I will have to purchase a new screen and start over. I think installation was quite easy but it would have helped having instructions to guide me through.
R2ZBESXQJJ5KHG	5	ALL AROUND AMAZING!  AAA Great speakers for the price and the quality!!!  I bought this as a gift for someone who really appreciates some good hard BASS.  I did some research online on portable/bluetooth/wireless speakers, comparing different reviews and ratings online, and in the end it came down to three speakers rated for great bass/sub performance.  Of the three (one of them was the SONY SRS-X5), I decided to go with the Jabra.  I based this decision on three things, price, durability, and aesthetics.  The Jabra SOLEMATE is a bit under $100 including shipping for Amazon Prime members, unlike its other competitor speakers with quality sub performance.  Furthermore, the thick soles of the speaker really caught my attention.  Most electronic products on the market usually have some form of weak little rubber glued on each corner at the bottom.  However, the Jabra SOLEMATE has this cool looking sole great for absorbing any impact for setting the speakers down.  Did I mention that it looks awesome?  Oh yes, and back to the Original decision factor, the bass.  Oh wow the bass.  The quality of sound that comes out of this little thing is still mind blowing.  The volume, clarity, and BASS!!!! just all around WOWmazing!!!  After testing them out and using it for a little under a week, I am already looking into buying another one for myself.
R3KA4339S934CX	5	Five Stars Was easy to to put on and came in fast!
R3S4EPR4XXWQAT	5	Perfect for my new charging station Works exactly as described!  Perfect for my new charging station!
R1VQZTXO1B4SPU	5	Necessity for anyone charging multiple devices at home Love it - using it to charge 4 iPads, 1 iPhone, and 1 micro-usb device (Android phone, Harmony remote. bluetooth speaker, etc.); a little cable management is necessary (http://www.cloopband.com/ for me) but my 3, 6, and 7 year olds work with it very well;
R3D8F5CBA3R9M0	5	Love it Love it.  It's not slippery so I don't worry it's going to slip off and hit the floor. Protects the phone well, and I appreciate the screen guard being included.  Easy to put on and take off.  BONUS:  in bright light it's sparkly; otherwise looks like flat blue.  Color is true to picture.
RAPMPUAOYQB2O	5	I will be purchasing more soon as backups since my puppy like to chew on my cords lol I know a lot of people who purchased from this seller so I thought to give them a try. I received a discount on my order for a fair review and this charger works really well. I will be purchasing more soon as backups since my puppy like to chew on my cords lol.
R2WF4VR6NDCBTC	5	Great quality for a great price So reasonably priced and is protecting my phone better than a screen protector I paid four time more for!
R1HHLAEJVTINCL	5	works great super strong. I am very much impressed with the quality of this phone holder. It is a simple but very ingenious holder in my opinion. I did receive it free of charge to test it and share my honest opinion. Really easy to use you simple stick the holder in the vent of your a/c air in the car and if you have a plastic cover on your phone you put the round or larger metal plate they sent with it between the phone and the cover so the magenta will work.The holder is rubberized so it won't scratch your phone . I took a picture of the phone with the magnet inside my plastic cover to show how strong it is. I am very happy with this product and I do recommend it.
R12YO0M5UWRIAU	5	As good or as bad as the original Otter As good or as bad as the original Otter. They tend to brake in the belt clip and the hlster clip after a while.
R1CUFLPFCUCCPF	5	Five Stars I received a discount on my order for a fair review
R1LDBURQQL9GLC	4	Four Stars Great deal
R9GROBHV9NM46	2	Stay with stock Seems as good as stock
R2YVZO3XS6E1XF	3	Three Stars I like it
R22V8I75NH2PQ5	1	Durability took it from 4/5 to 1/5 This would be a 4 out 5 star review, but......  I've had my UP24 for about 6 months and it's been great until 4 days ago when it stopped working altogether.  I go back on here (where I bought it) and found that I'm not alone.  How can Jawbone make an activity tracker that dies within 6 months of use and charge people $100?  It's got a lot of cool features (the sleep monitoring is the best of the bunch), but no amount of features will overcome durability.  I don't care what it can do if it's broken and I can't use it.  I never even wore it in the shower even though they say you can.  I never submerged it.  I never twisted more than what I needed to put it on my wrist.  There's nothing that turns me off from a product like a lack of durability with normal use.  If Jawbone doesn't do something to make me whole, they've lost a customer for life.  Maybe I'll come back when I hear overwhelming positive reviews about the durability and reliability of their products, but that won't happen for a while the way all the reviews of their new products are going.  This sucks.  I really liked it when it worked....
RZHIYVOUVLT4E	5	Five Stars Good quality at a fair price.
RITUFEDUSU47L	3	Three Stars Good!
R3H5QSIRIXTCF	5	Five Stars Great!
R3N2ED4NSCDPAN	2	Two Stars Ok but not as thick as I thought
R1I2P5WA6O5P90	5	Five Stars My husband is happy now that his blue tooth fits right.  So I am happy.
RQWHJ9D15Q5J4	4	Four Stars It's a great investment but, they should have 2 cloths since there is 2 screens in the package.
R185LEYHSL2MVA	4	it seems to not get dirty very easily and does not seem to trap a ... Unlike some cases I've had in the past, it seems to not get dirty very easily and does not seem to trap a lot of unwanted dust. It is rather hard to get it on and off sometimes for cleaning.
R37AYOKOJGDDA3	3	eh… I really like this case, it's very cute and fun but the only thing wrong with it is that THE TAIL IS FALLING OFF! Otherwise it's a very nice case for laying around the house and showing off :)
RDRQTI7YZYVMD	3	ok, but certainly not great. Good: * It handles a iPhone 6+ with a a Speck case Not so good: * it's a snug fit so I have to push/pull the phone. I'd hoped it'd have loosened up by now (2months). * The clasp isn't very tight, so the holster sometimes comes off when I sit down or bend some certain way.  The heftiness of the 6+ exacerbates the problem.  Also when I pull the phone out (up) sometimes the holster comes with it.  Simply put: the clasp needs to be tighter.  For years now the most tiresome part of getting a new phone is finding a case and shell combo that works.  Too often I just tire of looking and settle for something that I can suffer with.  Such is the case here.
R2H3MGHY3KFCUP	1	You get what you pay for Don't take a chance on this cheap piece of crap. Just fork over $50 for a microsoft charger. This thing lasted a few days before cutting out completely and is not worth the $10 its priced at.
R1MQWFCT85QVAX	1	Wouldn't recommend this item. Screen protector is very sticky and I can't use volume, or power buttons.
R3DJMRZ0TIVB0N	5	Five Stars Dose what it supposed to do holes  my watch and phone so they can charge
R8A42IFJYONWW	5	Great piece of gear Great piece of gear. It is sleek and very well built. I managed to fully charge my Macbook 2015 with this thing. Impressive!
R1X3CNSCSUH0QR	4	Four Stars Good product, hard to open access panels to plug charger and earplug.
RBEWO4NXVVDT2	5	Five Stars excelent product, this case is very nice
R2NO94TSWWI7KK	5	Five Stars great
R3W1SRKIOG1B4P	5	... it would be fits on my arms i would recommend everyone to buy This for themselves I got this ... Got this today and it batter thin I thought it would be fits on my arms i would recommend everyone to buy This for themselves I got this product for a review and it was worth it
R2SID5Y8HV83N1	5	Very nicely constructed simple case Very nicely constructed simple case. Needed a smaller case to go along with my heavy duty hard sided case that holds all mounts. This will hold the essentials for a quick grab and go. using Hero 3 black edition with this case.
R22U35SBVWUK5O	4	Good Fast Delivery good product
R3MJCIJ8IGKNLO	3	Okay Case Case fits Xperia Z3 (t-mobile version). Provides great protection with the metal siding. My only complaints are that cell signal drops 1-2 bars with the case, phone becomes quite heavy, USB case cover and phone charge port are a bit of a struggle to work with, and case says &#34;Love Mei&#34; (can see a mile away).
R4XU7EYJWEJW6	5	Five Stars Works great for charging my I POD.
RKYNFSL8HZM7O	4	Four Stars perfect fit for the 94 accord 4cyl.
RUETX67UVDNPJ	3	Item was shipped on time and came in excellent condition. This item did not work completely. I am not entirely sure if it was the product or the phone had been damaged beyond repair. Item was shipped on time and came in excellent condition.
R2WQ11UTUSILXY	3	Three Stars product as expected. .
R2EUPL1DLRJ6HR	5	Five Stars Love these. Take great pics without lugging a camera!
R1W1THWREBDDGM	5	Does what it supposed to do Purchased this to replace the factory charger that was misplaced. Works great!
R1XSEQVTVK3GPE	5	Great product. Works just like its supposed to.
R3M6HESJMJVPJ2	5	Five Stars Good price and helps out well.
RBSBEE4NQK2DZ	5	G4 User point-of-view... I have owned Samsung smartphones in the past as well, as previous LG G2 and now the G4, which I have had for one month.  Whenever I read a review about this phone, I generally hear such &#34;CONS&#34; about the button position and the build quality. Just so you know, I appreciate both those features a great deal. First, the buttons, I hardly, if ever, use the buttons. I set the volume and forget it, what I don't like about phones with buttons on the top or side is that when you grab your phone or fish it out of your pocket, you can accidently send the caller to voice mail, disconnect them or decrease or increase the volume requiring you to phone fiddle, call back the caller or go to voice mail if they leave a message... a hassle. If I am at my desk and I get a call, I set my G4 to answer when I pick it up and say &#34;Hello&#34; no buttons to push... CONVENIENT.  sECOND. &#34;THE BUILD QUALITY AND APPEARANCE&#34;  Metal components on a phone adds to the weight when compared to plastic, metal can be dented and metal reduces the sensitivity of the phones receiver because it can block weak signals from the cell tower. As far as &#34;Appearance&#34; ... what the heck, most people are going to put a case on it anyhow.  If you like the touch features on your phone then you should know that the G4 can do everything by screen touch alone, even the home button is virtual and you can move it and the others around for your convenience and operating comfort.  Is it the fastest phone? No it is not. Is there any phone that is twice as fast? No there is not and even if there was what would it get you?  Typically, a G4 can open an app in one second, if there was a phone twice as fast then it could open an app in 1/2 second. What i9s that 1/2 second worth to you?  Battery Life for texting and calling can easily last the full day. Turning on Bluetooth, NFC, GPS, WiFi, full screen brightness and Hotspot will surely kill your battery in  3 hours but you can quickly replace it in 30 seconds and go on.for another 3 hours and by then your reserve can be ready again.  Tap the screen anywhere twice and the phone wakes up, in camera mode tap the screen anywhere it it snaps a picture.  In my estimation the lack of side buttons is a big convenience except my girlfriend is still disconnecting me when answering her S4 !  OK... It doesn't have a finger print reader but there are four other types of phone Locking methods such as, pin code, knock code, face recognition and voice recognition. As I said, when my phone is asleep... all I have to do is pick it up and say Hello, this feature can be turned off so that you do have to press the screen button to answer.  Lastly, right here on Amazon for the price of just $8.00 you can order a G4 Wireless charging receiver for your phone and install it in a under 5 minutes and that can be coupled to a regular or &#34;Fast Charger&#34; that the G4 supports.
R1RL19YWTQDB33	5	Five Stars I am extremely pleased with the product.  A dependable phone!
R1T1I46F8RK066	5	Five Stars Love this case! I have had it for about 2 months and it is working great!
R3R6TSJEDTPP7D	5	Love it! Very cute! Love it!
R1H2SQJ7ZMZHOS	5	Great for a trip Got this for travel and it worked very well. Was able to charge 2 devices without problem,and the 2A port does charge devices quickly.
R1EAVPKUN4WI6X	3	Cool case, not the color i ordered though I received this case On time and in new condition But it was the wrong color. The packing slip inside the package was for someone with a different name in a different state.    It seems to be a pretty durable case. I am a little disappointed that I ordered black and got sent mint green.  This was for my husbands phone because he keeps having problems with cases but he won't use this since it's mint green.   It seems to be a pretty durable case none the less.  The plastic back has me concerned that after a drop or two it would break.  It also has rubber on the top and bottom for a little extra durability. It fits around the phone like a sleeve so I would definitely be sure to get some tempered glass so your screen doesn't crack if dropped.  I received this item at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
R1M2P1DQ0A9R7D	4	Four Stars It's a film protector. I don't see it but I guess that means its doing its job, no scratches!
R1L262TYNPOXFE	5	Five Stars Great product thanks very well build quality
R2ADD4ZZC7RE1X	1	Ok for price , but cheap. Pretty cheap, phone clamp loosens up and turns easy.
R1HKXC7ZCJPP1G	2	buy 2, buy 2 , one would run a few weeks the wifi and then stopped when I wanted to make a claim had already spent time replacement
R2E6IG3OKDD1NR	2	Five Stars This is second purchase because of the unit breaks easily
R1OOBVVEAHH6G7	5	Five Stars Fits great, looks sharp.
R1C3PSP6T6MHI	5	Five Stars It's pretty cool, very nice, love it.
R2U2O6P6EDF4V	3	but the fit is not as snug as I would have liked. I bought this case for my daughter's phone. She loves it, but the fit is not as snug as I would have liked.
R2ZGI9TL18OU95	2	Not satisfied This is not a great quality case. Looks really  cheap. .I guess you get what you pay for. Disappointed
R1KVODS9UO1O7K	1	Seems like a real lack of thought from the designers Does not work with a larger Otter Box case on an iPhone 6. But the Amazon Basics car charger I bought at the same time does work. Seems like a real lack of thought from the designers.
R38YSJLFSOIZBR	1	Blue  and white zebra stripes Samsung Galaxy Note 4 case Your product sucks!!!!!
R3DROSLZDRA8D8	5	Tough as Nails. This case is intense! For someone like me who drops their phone on a regular basis this is a must have! I would say that this case is tougher than an Otterbox and a lot cheaper too! If you want to protect your phone without breaking the bank, be sure to grab one of these cases. The belt clip is also a great addition for people who are used to carrying their phones that way. I recommend this case to anyone! This product was given to me at a discount in exchange for an accurate and honest review!  -H
R299EDPDGXCHZY	5	Five Stars My Dad liked his gift
R1MQNV4JPFXUHC	5	Perfect item and price was Was everything I needed. Perfect item and price was outstanding
R2BKTZHOSYB6H7	4	Four Stars Granddaughter loves her case
R2UBTOOLXA5EFR	5	Five Stars Love The New Headphones , They Are Really Loud And Fashonable 😍😍
R11Z5N1R4FQSLX	2	Two Stars Not what I expected
RW6B5S05WQFBT	2	Contact issue. Contact issue. It won't charge, as the battery symbol in the display flicking, until I press it hard.
R3CGJD50NU9QBY	5	Great durable cord I love the thickness of the wire and the length!
R2B7QK0ZEUSOXJ	5	Exactly what I expected - genuine Samsung charger Fast delivery and great product. Thanks
R1F9E9573H1ODE	5	Amazing phone screen protector amazing cell phone protector, we don't understand the science, but it totally protects the screen,  We put these phone guards on with the eCo-covers [[ASIN:B011324P18 The BPA-Free iPhone 6 eCo-cover includes IPG Invisible Phone Guard for free!]],  and no longer have to worry about breaking our phones or screens.
R38I9CKBEQ8SBP	5	Great product, buy Amazon first!! Amazon's products never let me down, the lightning to USB product are great prices and work just like Apple products.  Great job Amazon!
R1O8C2FPSZ8L86	1	One Star Worked for 3 days then broke. Very dissatisfied.
R3NUC752V59PJZ	5	Five Stars works perfectly!
R24HE48NZIEXOI	5	This USB charger is by far one of the best I've seen on the market Zerolemon sent this item to test and review. This USB charger is by far one of the best I've seen on the market. It will charge using all three ports without any problems. I own a Galaxy Note 4, iPhone 6 Plus, and a Nexus 6. I put the charger in for all three of them and the results are as follows:  2.1 amp port Note 4 0%-100% - 3.5 hr 0%-50% - 1.3hr 50%-100% - 1.5hr  iPhone 6 plus 0%-100% - 4.0hr &#60;-- Smaller batter but took forever even on the 2.1 amp port 0%-50%  - 1.5hr 50%-100% - 1.8 hr  Nexus 6 &#60;-- Gave same results as the Note 4 due to similar size battery. 0%-100% - 3.5 hr 0%-50% - 1.5hr 50%-100% - 1.7hr  I didn't test the other amp ports as they would've taken forever to charge. But I did notice one thing, on the 1.0 amp port, none of the phones were losing percentage as sometimes the case happens with cheap car chargers that offer multiple ports but can only charge through one port at a time due to bad manufacturing or design. I had all three plugged in with full brightness, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluethooth on with Google Maps navigation on and the 2 phones, Note 4 and Nexus 6, plugged into the 2.1 amp and 2.0 amp port respectively, were slowly gaining battery, iPhone 6 Plus on the 1.0 amp port was not gaining any battery for a long time but at the same time didn't lose any battery.  Yes the 2.1 amp is for the iPad but all phones charged on it faster then the 2.0 amp port. I plugged in the latest iPad (Early 2015 Model) and with heavy usage on the 2.1 amp port I saw battery decreasing slowly even though it was plugged in. I didn't get a time for the iPad because it would've taken forever. With light usage the battery will charge slowly about 1% every two to three minutes.  Honestly if its at all possible just proved 3 ports with 2.1 amps, this would create much ease for any other passenger in the car trying to get a quick charge on their phone.
REBPWWO2TOS8	2	... cell phone and cell phone is a motorola turbo pretty thick phone Does not hold gps or cell phone and cell phone is a motorola turbo pretty thick phone.
RPDZTLC3PBCAC	5	Five Stars I loved the colors and designs.
R848W58GLUSUP	2	Great price, poor product Love the durability and color. The biggest issue is I can't get the case to close securely around the entire tablet. It's only on one side. It seems like the silicone is too big. I'll have to look for another product.
RVQLXNFXYOXVV	5	Looks Stylish, Does the Job, Sits Anywhere! Looks stylish, does the job, sits anywhere, and does not fall off easily (coz it sits!). It also has a sticky pad to its bottom, which adds to the stability of this phone mount. Love it.  Bought similar product in different design before (alike almost all products out there), which relies on a suction pad on one end to STAND itself, and hold phone on the other end like an arm. This creates a lever and makes it too easy to un-mount itself from wherever it should stand. Also I'm not a big fan of magnetic mounts for 1. I don't want to have to add something to my phone in order to mount it, and 2. I don't feel safe to put electronic products next to magnets.  Drawbacks: 1. This thing would sometimes hold down buttons on the side of my phone, in my case the volume down button, so it would silence my phone. This can be simply avoided by moving the phone a bit. 2. This thing fits so well in the car with or without my phone mounted, in a way that I found quite often myself forgetting about taking the phone off with me when leaving the car. Why couldn't it remind me my phone's still in the car? Bad boy!  All in all, highly recommend this phone mount.
R2YS3GZYAF44UA	2	She didn't like them, i gave it a shot I bought 2 pairs one for me and the other for my wife.  She didn't like them,  i gave it a shot.  The music part of it works well, good base. But the voice calls part was bad. The microphone had a problem picking up my voice,  i had to almost scream.  One side of the ear peace stopped working so i ended up shelving the unit and now took my wife's.  Lets see how long those work.
R38DJJXIK5QJBA	5	Rugged phone protector This case is solid. I have no doubt my phone will be protected from being dropped between this and a glass screen protector. It fits the phone incredibly well and covers no important areas and the buttons are still accessible. A nice new phone case of high quality. The kickstand is also a nice little feature for me using my phone for videos. I received this item for free for a honest review. This is very excellent quality.
R2DC6ORGPSKBEL	1	Junk Over stretched rubber, plastic piece doesn't fully click, rubber tab don't stay in, hard to type on click screen
R6AHONCPDXS1K	5	Light and pretty It is light, pretty and durable
R5KS5U5Z9VIXB	5	Five Stars Thank you!!! :-D
R1CRFQ9VPW7PK7	5	I saw more than a dozen people at Great America with this waterproof case I saw more than a dozen people at Great America with this waterproof case, and had to have it! This was perfect foe Hurricane Harbor !
R1YUDTQC8SHDUD	5	Five Stars Product as described.
R1B916HTTPW1YD	5	Five Stars Good!!
R165U4YBIQT6P5	4	Four Stars just as explained
R2KEN2VV3C7SM3	3	The device not work all that well (but, it ... The device not work all that well (but, it does work),volume of the headset is a bit low, and while talking i have to speak very loudly to broadcast a legible tone for the recipient to interpret.
R3SKPWQMWLFM8M	5	Five Stars Works great and I don't have to be concerned about having a new phone!
R1EF3BEYDCUQLL	4	Four Stars The corners don't stick
R1MO5CY5EXAT60	5	Five Stars its great case, Sucks to take on and off to replace the battery, but well worth it,
R2QR5R5F99M260	5	Five Stars Bought for my husband and he loves this phone cover.
R3OBO7RNM4ZZ8W	1	Awful Awful, Awful, Awful.  Do not buy.  We have had 3 now and all of them broke or stopped working in very short time.
R5Z6OFXPU0BHC	5	Five Stars Cool product! All work. Good to have around
R2HNLUZZYJCMA8	5	Durable Big tough cable that won't fray! Well worth the price.
R3OFV052MPC0KZ	1	This selfie stick was really weak kept turning my iphone ... This selfie stick was really weak kept turning my iphone 6 around couldn't return it because past the date I brought it so now I have tapped it. and ducktape still wont hold my phone steady!
RTHWSDVXHNRZ1	5	Five Stars Great seller. Fast delivery. Product as described. Thank you!
R33W2M42ZPX8UY	2	Was very cheap and didn't look like the picture Was very cheap and didn't look like the picture. Was literally a patterned sticker on a white plastic case.
R243VZAJZPJVQN	5	Fits phone Love this wallet - fits my iPhone 6 in OtterBox Defender case. With my phone, I can't overstuff with coins or other things but the phone fits -- its snug but doesn't seem to pull the zipper when closed. Very attractive look.  I bought the blue and it is more navy than the picture in the description shows.  But the stitching and zipper are sturdy - time will tell since I just bought it.
RM4GX11GIM9KP	4	Simple, useful, and well made Add a Moment wide angle lens and a Monfroto pan head and it makes a great panorama with 8 shots around that fits in your pocket.
R1QVSFK17OYAJS	1	One Star As soon as they start getting hot outside good thing would fall off my dashboard
R328VM5J95UBLW	5	6 days of battery life before recharge even with heavy use. Love this product. 6 days of battery life with my Note 4. Need I say more?
R1VPUKZVX38H0K	5	I love this phone I love this phone. It is a lot more than I expected in a cell phone. I would recommend it to  anyone that is looking for an excellent cell phone. The battery life if a little on the short side is the only complaint I have.
R3FVAHWQT10JTB	3	Three Stars it takes a while to get charged but once its charged and can charge 2 iphones conveniently.
R5KDAQX9OJINV	3	Three Stars Great for a stand not the best to protect the phone.
R1QHAPEX3MVKCY	5	I love this phone I love this phone! i bought this a while back and I still have it. This phone case is very durable just like the headphones and the charger.
R39P857EBCA56O	2	Poor construction, the clear piece separated from the side ... Poor construction, the clear piece separated from the side molding from everyday use.  The case lasted me a couple of months at most.  Will not recommend to purchase this case.
R3CHLLS93ZKQOJ	3	Three Stars It's ok not as nice as the black one I purchased
RITTAQZHEIW7O	5	Five Stars Durable
R1351Z8SJRN8LZ	5	Fun to use! This is such a fun little device. It fits my giant LG G4 with a pretty bulky case easily and with room to spare. I love the design of the stick. It folds down to about 5.3 inches so it's portable enough to toss in my purse or keep in the car for those unexpected photo ops. The stainless steel arm extends easily and had no problem supporting the weight of my phone. It feels strong and durable and seems like it will last a long time.
R38QF0BO2TALD1	5	great detector with or without a smart phone works exactly as advertised.
R33HHAH5FUHX9K	4	Four Stars Very nice i iwll buy it again.
RRLI0BHX39P69	1	product mix-up mistake in communications, I asked for a case for the LG 3 - got the case for the LG2 - very small difference, but it did not fit.
R31KNYEIV76Q7J	5	Works as expected and length is perfect. I was somewhat unsure about ordering another micro usb cable on the internet but my other one stopped charging. I was happy to find out that is is doing great job and it isn't very short. I will definitely look for this company to purchase mine again.
R19WFWDDHS5J8I	5	Five Stars Need more things to work with Alexa.
R2QWXUFMY36W7F	5	Five Stars I love it and very happy with my product that I got
R3NTNTSQDFXYY2	5	Holds up test of time Bought a second because I liked the sleek appearance.
RHRUS1ZUZBSLB	4	I'd recommend. content OK, shipment OK, I'd recommend. Thx
R2BGH5UAWXN4AK	2	more of the same bad performance didnt work much better than my old battery.... should have just got a new phone
R1RGX9T2EUB0WQ	4	Probably the best one you'll find Worked fine, but had some non-adhesion to the edges, but overall its a great product.
RM6VJKHLXS980	5	Very practical and easy to install Very practical and easy to install. Great value and does the job. Will allow one a wider range of exposure too, not to mention greater clarity when shooting those panorama views. Yes, I would highly recommend this product.
R99IJDZMIRG0S	5	Five Stars Love my case.
R89SPT6X2Z0K7	1	why is it so hard to get good chargers? I a waiting for an authorization to ... I bought two of these chargers and both craped out in less than 2 months. why is it so hard to get good chargers? I a waiting  for an authorization to return them. I want a full refund at this point
R384TU550IVD0W	5	Five Stars the phone is nearly perfect!
R3PT9KF0KKBDNX	4	Four Stars still learning everything it can and cant do
R1A81QMGDUB28Z	1	Does not charge your phone,  stay away! This charger is a joke. It only holds the phone charge where it is but does not charge the phone up on either my phone or my wife's phone. Tried multiple outlets in 2 cars without better results. Tried the other charger i own and it charges my phone just fine. If I wanted a phone battery holder this would be great,  but no one actually wants that.
R1HDO9BMIZUZWI	4	I have had the UP3 band for several weeks now and am very happy with my purchase I ordered the UP3 by Jawbone because I was curious as to my activity level during the day and interested in its sleep tracking abilities.  I have had the UP3 band for several weeks now and am very happy with my purchase.  It is so easy to use with the app installed on my phone that even my 5 year old likes to look at it to see if I am meeting me goals.  The sleep mode is a great feature of this product.  It is interesting to look at your nighttime sleep log and see how positive changes in sleep behavior impact my levels of light, deep and REM sleep.  Overall, I really enjoy my UP3 band.
R3NZ4N3SXGQP83	5	Highly recommended - HooToo is great! Excellent piece of hardware - I am so impressed with the capabilities that the HooToo has file sharing, movie watching, etc.  I am using this as a bridge for my wireless at home and the signal strength and throughput is awesome!
R8NG3LJSBWBML	5	Five Stars Favorite case I have used .Wish they made one for my new phone .
R3IOJOJPJUMCR	3	My music always has a ton of static no matter ... My music always has a ton of static no matter where I am or what station I'm using. Also the buttons are really flimsy. I can no longer click on the &#34;next&#34; or &#34;previous&#34; song buttons because they are stuck and end up turning off my iPod if I push down too hard. I've only had the thing for a few months.
R2O7MPZNHMNTHU	5	Five Stars Excellent product
ROSLO0RPUOYPX	1	this is silicone and not leather, don't be confused ... this is silicone and not leather,  don't be confused.  Everything sticks to this,  lint,  money,  etc.  So you pull it out of your pocket and sometimes even the pocket lining comes out.  If you want it to be non-slip,  go for it.
R3PJOMVW0X4JA1	1	One Star Slow charge.
R10CZ5ELAD67TA	5	Love It Love It got 2 of them and going to get 4 more for son and grand kids.
RQA6AU8IT9FLV	5	I've tried the smart phone and took it back and said make my ... This is the only cell phone that I will use. I've tried the smart phone and took it back and said make my old phone work again. The main reason that I bought this one was that I left my old one in my pants and washed it. Rice in a bag didn't bring it back.
R1E9VEETTQH3SM	5	Five Stars Product arrived promptly and in great shape.  Easy to install and does a good job protecting my screen.  Thanks!
R35A2BJ78P9YWF	5	Five Stars This works great for a low phone battery.  I highly recommend this product.
R3Z39WJ3Y3XH1	5	A great resource for roadtrips with kiddos! We bought this for our cross-country trip with our 4-year-old this summer. It worked wonderfully! She figured out the controls relatively quickly (which I didn't expect) so she was able to pause it, etc. It won't continue play when the car is shut down (at least in our car it didn't) which gave me some peace of mind that it wouldn't accidentally be left on during a break and help drain the car battery. Out daughter wasn't able to change out discs herself though, because of the limited angle that the lid opens to allow the removal of discs. Older kids might be able to, and it wasn't really a problem for the passenger adult to reach behind and switch discs when needed.  When we first received it, there was a rattling sound whenever the monitor was moved (like maybe a screw was loose and caught in the casing), which caused me some concern, but we haven't had any issues with it. It still works and we haven't had any problems with damage to discs. Like I said, this was a cross-country trip so it was used for probably 20+ hours in a matter of three weeks and there wasn't any problem with it shutting down or not working.  The included strap for attaching it to a headrest didn't work really well for our car, but with an additional elastic band we were able to secure it well.
R1P3FNKP02EEXH	4	Just what i needed It works great. I needed one for downstairs or for the car.  No more dragging the original cord around.
R20SW386AD6RKM	5	Excellent item. Works great! Excellent product. Holds my Galaxy Note 4 without a problem.
R3HZMEHCDQJKRR	4	Looks great and very functional Looks great on our end table. It is extremely easy to set up, more useful to hang up the watch.
R541CWR0YIMU7	5	Five Stars Delivered in condition as expected.
R3Q63H1HYFLYXV	5	Loved it Fast shipping!! Loved it
R1IKCL7RKKOKHD	5	i hav e a i phone 5 s and use ... i hav e a i phone 5 s and use a lifeproof nuude i dropped my phone in johnsons pond in coventry ri .it dropped it in 8 feet of fresh water for about 3.0 hours until we found it. we face timed it because the water was black and it was dark out . we found it and it works perfectly.also had it replaced for free 2 times because i sat on it and the edges had gotten distorted and they replaced it for free.t   thank you life proof you are worth every penny.my neighbors are getting them now that they saw it works philip casacalenda coventry ri
R28ZDA9FJ6IA95	5	No family should be without one As a family of four with smartphones, tablets, kindles, etc we were constantly fighting over the chargers in the living room, or we'd secretly hide a charger or two in the bedroom to keep the kids from swiping them.  Then I got one of these, plugged in a couple of [[ASIN:B00VUNHJCS multi-headed charge cables]] and that all of that stopped.  Not only is there (almost) always a free plug, but everything stays put now since it's tucked away inside a [[ASIN:B0017K8W5W Digipower SAM-G100-CH charger organizer]].  I'm tempted to put one of these at my desk at work since people are always looking for power there. Seems like a great way to meet your coworkers and have them feel slightly indebted to you...
R3IMLEQC0T38GN	5	the perfect solution Perfect! My tablet is alive again!
R19E98TV1V4T24	3	Three Stars iPhone 6+ does not fit well inside
R2LFSRDCRFMSIJ	5	Five Stars perfect for an ID and credit card, with room for cash while securing your cell phone stylishly.
R3H0O68VKRX12L	5	Five Stars Perfect fit and just the right amount of minimal protection that I wanted.
R3QCRBU0H8BIE7	5	Will by again Great product
R3R831T5I02TFE	1	Phone case I love it.....just what I wanted!
R3JZUR8V1ADZ84	3	Disappointed The gold one is beautiful but after a while, the gold just peels! Disappointed.
RD1HU9R2O8RPH	2	Not worth it The microphone worked and the left earbud but the right one didn't on all 3. Don't waste the money buy better ones
R34TIWGGHE518N	5	New Gold Standard in iPhone Covers Thin, easy to install, fits PERFECTLY, and looks GREAT!  Like many iPhone users...I've tried many cases.  This is the new gold standard for me.  Not intended to withstand crazy abuse or for the user who regularly drops his/her phone.  But for the 90% of us who carefully handle our phone....this one works great.
R3G84K83R3XZ9E	5	Five Stars Awesome product
R1FS9SMUUCH5TG	5	Five Stars Just what I wanted. Very prompt in sending it.
R1IABLJ7QWHALM	1	Though the magnet works great, the CD mount version squeaks like a rabid ... Though the magnet works great, the CD mount version squeaks like a rabid mouse on amphetamines, even on smooth roads. Seems secure in CD socket, but wiggles up and down enough to squeak constantly
R1HFLY3KG7W2PA	5	Five Stars fit perfectly & very sturdy...i drop my phone a lot & no cracks
R5B6YWR29JCXU	5	Great case Very nice bulletproof case. Very sturdy like it a lot.
R1CLQCFKNNPXWO	3	Arrived ahead of schedule, but battery has a significant cycle count. On the plus side, the battery arrived more than a week ahead of the estimated delivery date, and it was identical to the original. In fact it appeared to be an actual Apple part. The included tools are absolutely necessary for the replacement. There are no instructions included, but here are several YouTube videos that show the entire replacement process. It only took 5 minutes beginning to end. A lighted magnifier and tweezers are highly recommended as the screws are very small.  I can only give 3 stars because the battery appears to be used.  Visually it was in mint condition, but diagnostics showed a 600+ cycle count. That doesn't qualify as new to me. Other reviews stated the same thing, batteries showing significant cycle counts. For the price, with the tools included, as long as the battery holds up for a while, it seems like a reasonable deal. It's just misleading to call it &#34;new&#34;. The tools probably only cost a couple dollars to make, but they are indispensable.
R1ZMVFJ9MPXX2P	4	Decent for the money spent I like this item well enough. For the price it is decent, but it's not the most sturdy thing ever. It's a really flexible plastic. At least it doesn't add extra &#34;bulk&#34; to my phone though!
R14O580UH2JT1M	5	Love it. Cute and functional Adorable way to decorate and protect your phone.
R13M2JIJXOVSMI	5	Five Stars gift for grandson, he loves it
R38YVT3HJ2M76N	4	Would not buy again. Seller Contacted me twice and offered to assist me in any way. The cover would not stayed closed and looked very inexpensive on the expensive watch! I gave them 4 stars as they were willing to assist me in any way, but the product I would not buy again.
R1ZFXGVXLADRXA	5	Five Stars Good Morning. you can tell me if the radio brings support for putting the vehicle? (Nissan versa 2009)
R3R3A5NNQHFHYA	5	Good product for Price Bought this for my mother-in-law as a replacement battery to her T-Mobile MyTouch Q. It worked perfectly and the phone isn't dying in ten seconds anymore
RCFO0X9CBCNC4	4	My power bank is awesome Great product I love it but after an hour of using it my power bank stopped working I would for it to work again.
R28DW7NK3CHQHK	5	Quick!! Thank you! Just as described but design is already rubbing off. quick shipping!
R3PWQ98WHZ0QCI	4	Convenience vs. Protection Almost made it the 2yrs life of the phone's contract, but definitely not intended for someone who occasionally drops their phone. 2 times and my phone's screen is done. Very convenient keeping the basic cards & I'D attached with your phone. Next upgrade, though, I'm sticking with Otterbox & a separate wallet.
R2E4WBBXRLXVH3	5	Five Stars I have no complaints.
R1D2KOVVYSX8C1	5	Five Stars Excellent product and great customer service!!!  I will order nothing but these from now on!
R1EIJ0LRXQAHG9	5	Good item Works very well.
RZ0WWYAXXR4PT	4	Four Stars Seem to work really good with iphone 5's and 6's. Seem to be very well built.
R3TJ3DEMIL6MJ1	5	Super accurate, reliable and awesome This device is worth every penny. In two months we were extremely informed instead of in the dark. Super accurate, reliable and awesome. he features are fun to work with and the device never let us down. Until we lost it. Darn.
R3PWH84L03I8I	5	Five Stars Excited!
R1XYHJ88TDD128	5	Great product Kids loved it!  Great product!
R3VUJ8MYA16PVB	5	Five Stars It fit well.
R2G9KPFCO9949A	1	One Star after few uses, the thing that holds the phone doesn't do its job anymore. It got lose!
R1F4RLVL7OC8WA	5	Five Stars Looks nice and authentic. Plus it works really good. I'm satisfied as it is.
R114N6O0GEMHWV	4	I love this phone I love this phone.  I have had it for almost a year and it works fabulously.  There have been no major problems.  Some time the camera loses focus during video.  But it is a great phone for the price.
R39O9VXGXTS48B	5	seems to be working just fine! Arrived on time, seems to be working just fine! Thanks
R313VJNFQ8323T	5	Awesome, cheap. Worth the buy!
R2U2MBPK91HDSY	1	was a waste.. Was to big for my phone..was a waste.... 😾
R2UIK5XBP8CKMN	5	Hoping to not find out if it protects properly Haven't tested it's protection capacity. But I hope I don't need to find out. I imagine that to be a spectacular explosion.  it looks to be of good quality, and it was a fair price. So kudos.
R1UDPW9DBPJC3Z	5	Five Stars Great little radio.
R1NT3LQXAIM0RC	1	Don't Bother Piece of junk. Lasted 3 months. Motorola should be embarrassed to put out such a piece of junk.
RYX9Y7AQLBN8O	3	Phone's rounded screen edge makes protector cosmetically  ugly. Made of good material and installed easily, but I didn't read that manufacturer made it purposely smaller to deal with phone screen's rounded edge.  This has the effect of creating a cosmetically unpleasant hard edge all around the screen.  May have to go with film instead. :-(
RDO25F9P4KVNJ	5	Ideal Protective Case for ZTE ZMAX While the whole case is a little bulky, especially when it is in its clip-on holder, it is really perfect for me and this phone. I like the feel of the rubber on the sides and back, it is really non-slip. I like the edges reach over and create a lip on the front of the phone without losing any of the screen viewing area. And I use the belt clip holder everyday to carry my phone around. It is so much easier than fishing in my pocket for it. It does have a handy clip on the back of the phone case so you can prop the phone up, but I don't use that. Not having it might make the case just a little less bulky.
R110OGW59YC8ZS	5	Getting one for every phone! Simply the best!
R1W844SCLJQP9E	1	One Star Awful. Never even put it on my phone.
R2SMORKXBCVZ76	5	Five Stars Brought an old unit back to life.
R1YH3JH3ZEJAIF	5	Best iPhone cable Heavy duty cable that works with my iPhone 5s. Will buy again.
R3W3WFPFVYLK0V	5	Excellent Charger at a Great Price Great little charger with lots of power.  This charger works perfectly and charges my LG G3 very quickly right to a full charge.
RSY8JIQF688UN	4	Four Stars Serves purpose :)
R2R6NI69GA5RKI	5	Excellent Product! Excellent product, wouldn't use my cell without it!
RI6XQU2K4O9SV	1	One Star FAKE!!! Comes in a Samsung official box, but IS NOT Samsung! Absolute knock-off fake. Do NOT buy!
R2YMY6RPV1BY9Q	5	I Love It! Exactly what I was wanting!! I Love It!
RB77GEV096CR9	5	Five Stars Improved my internet service, we went from no bars to 4 bars with this antenna.
RP0SRMWNSDK6Z	5	good quality so far and good delivary timeing Just got it in this morning and installed it so far so good my s4 if charging right again and it was simple and quick to install and it arrived right on time
R2R4F2XJHX9PZX	4	Great Quick charger for G4 Great charger for my LG G4 from the trusted brand Anker . I bought it as my workplace charger and it serves the purpose well. Green LED indicates Quick Charge while the blue indicates normal charging. I only wish the prongs would collapse into the body and gave the unit smaller footprint.
R2Q8U8TS7ZA7QL	5	Five Stars i love it
RTVCKDGMYCY37	5	Five Stars its pretty good iphone 4. it runs a little slow but i found out thats how iphones work
R1N5Z5TQUO4DQ2	5	Five Stars Great product.
R180GVJEP3U4LV	5	The Best Case and Company Ever Lifeproof has always been an upstanding brand. I bought this for my Galaxy S4 and wasn't disappointed at all. I did have to contact Lifeproof due to the hinged charging port protector on the bottom breaking off. Their customer service was excellent with helping me and telling me what I need to send them to get my product replaced. I sent them the information they required and they shipped me a brand new case! I've had no issues at all with the new case or the hinged charging port protector. I would definitely purchase another Lifeproof case if I need one simply because they stand behind their product and take care of their customers.
R3L7KJ5D6SILS4	5	Five Stars Looks like a great product. Very please
R3R09TTY8JM4P0	1	One Star Nothing but paper material
R1KO3DEYGLIRGH	5	Fits the phone perfectly and has done it's job so ... Fits the phone perfectly and has done it's job so far. Have trouble getting the case off, but I don't need to do that often so it isn't a true issue.
R1ZDAAIJBXKX1R	3	I bought this cases because I hate taking my case off to put it inside I bought this cases because I hate taking my case off to put it inside. I use a basic drop protection case that is smaller than an otterbox. I have an iPhone 6 and its snug. I can't imagine trying to squeeze one of those otterbox ones in this thing. It's a low quality armband. Don't expect much.
RG8ZJA0XM1821	4	Four Stars Great way ago carry my garage door opener too.
RTX640DB19V5R	5	Great Product - Amazing Customer Service I originally ordered this because my partner had used it in his car and it worked very well for the iPhone 6. When I originally purchased it, the product fell apart after just a few uses and the mechanism that goes into the vent was very loose. I was really disappointed and decided to contact Koomus customer service about the issue. AMAZING! They responded within minutes via email letting me know they would be sending a replacement out. I received the replacement a few days later and it works very well, just as I hoped it would. I believe the first one I ordered was just a manufacturer's defect.  It fits snug into the vent, holds the phone securely and it's even easy to swivel while in place. Overall great product and amazing customer service.
R2BYNFDLAKS7J0	5	Five Stars Great case, great price!
R12H9SQHSV031L	4	Four Stars Wish the entire case had the design, not just the back.
R111DJA10Y6CMU	5	Great Value - Good Alternative to Lifeproof First, I will say if you are on the fence about ordering this case - order it. It is a great value for the money. Is it identical to the Lifeproof case? No. Is it a great alternative for a third of the price? Absolutely.  I installed this case 30 minutes ago, so if using it in the real world necessitates an update I will. Install was fairly simple. I did have to reinstall 3 times to achieve a &#34;clean&#34; install (with only one minuscule dust particle - I'm gonna go with it), but in my opinion that's not unusual for this type of case. One note - the ringer switch needs to slide into the toggle/switch on the case. If you look at the inside of the case before you slide your phone in this will make sense. I tested the case with three chargers. Both the authentic Apple cable and the Anker cable fit, but the Amazon Basics cable did not fit the port on this case. Touch ID seems to be responsive through the case. Although you can tell that you have a thicker screen protector between you and your touch screen (especially at the left and right edges close to the rail) the screen is still plenty responsive. No issues there. For headphones the adapter has metal threads and the case has plastic threads. I am concerned this may be an issue in the long term. The volume and power buttons are a little bit on the firm side, but still acceptable. I noticed that the material for the Touch ID protector ever so slightly &#34;overflowed&#34; onto the screen protector area and is visible with the case installed at the extreme bottom of the display. This is one of the minor build quality issues that I think are characteristic of this price point. Overall I feel the Merit case was worth the money.  EDIT: After a week with the case on my iPhone 6 Plus the volume buttons have become easier to operate with a softer press required. Although the material used to make the Touch ID sensor work is slightly visible one the bottom edge of the display I rarely notice it and if doesn't affect viewing of the display in any way. I have not subjected the phone to submersion in water, but it has been exposed to lots of windblown dust in the desert and as far as I can tell if has not penetrated the case or ports in any way. Prior to opening the charging port door I cleaned the case with a damp paper towel and it was good as new. After a week with the case I have upgraded my review for 4 to 5 stars. Great product Merit.  UPDATE: I have had the Merit case on my iPhone 6 Plus for approximately six weeks now. My only update is that the door/cover for the charging port clips or snaps in place. Over the last month and a half I have noted that on occasion when I remove the phone from my pocket  this door has popped open. This is only a minor inconvenience, but I can imagine that in a more hostile environment than my office this could subject the phone to sand or water. Also, this same door has now chipped on back of the door. I don't recall any substantial drops that would have caused this. A picture is attached. The chip does not seem to impede function, but is unsightly.
R1DRQMB6YQ5E0C	2	Not pleased Purchased JETech Bluetooth headset believing it to be \\"noise canceling\\", but got a headset that had volume control issues, an ear piece that was very uncomfortable to wear more than two hours. The tech who designed this should go back and start all over again.
R26O0E4X6ZZ9GL	4	loving it I'm very please my new phone case
R2KJWT83K5CGJC	5	Really cool, this thing has a really smart design. Really cool, this thing has a really smart design.
R1IA3O40SG1FGH	5	Five Stars Works great!
RT71BHY5ZBRWN	1	One Star The image was not clear. It was very fuzzy. I don't use the case.
RUQUJWG3KX3IF	5	Five Stars Perfect gift for my son. He's already dropped the phone twice, and this case really protected it!
R3KJALYIQH9LY2	2	Immediately being returned. The color of the device itself is beautiful, I think the pink color is even more vibrant than you really see in the picture.  Sadly to say, within 10 minutes of opening the package, I noticed a defect and will be returning this item. The soft material on the inside of the arm band is already peeling off.  I purchased this based off of other reviews for people with a OtterBox case. I have an iPhone with an OtterBox commuter series case. I had my phone in the armband and when I got a phone call, I tried to quickly pull the phone out and it was neither quick or easy with the OtterBox case. If you were going to use the armband specifically with headphones that have a microphone this may be easier for you, but I don't use headphones with my phone.
RN4ZG8CA3HN97	4	Decent for the price. Does the trick, but feels cheap.
R5ZL9N06W90B5	5	Awesome I Traded in my old F 150 for a new 2015 Silverado. And I didn't realized how much I'd miss keypad on the Ford. So I started looking for something to put this truck. I did not want to drill holes in my new truck but at the same time I did not want something that looked all ghetto. A month later I decided to go with this unit because it was the most aesthetically pleasing unit i could find to fit the bill. Once I receive the unit. Quickly discovered it came in three pieces. First you get a window sticker (The face or number pad you see in the picture and on the outside of the window). Then the Unit it's self (The brains of the thing if you want to call it that). And Finally the wiring harness. The wiring harness is super simple. You got your basic power wires, lock and unlock wires and then (optional alarm arm and disarm). Realizing the window sticker was a one shot deal. I decided to bench test the unit before I started anything. The Unit it's self has a sticky side with backing on it. Where your supposed to peel the backing off and you stick the unit to the window sticker and you can actually see where the buttons of the unit match up with the buttons on the window sticker. So, I powered up the unit and touch the buttons. Very responsive through the backing material. Yey! Thats a win. Next step. I decided to mount the unit to my rear window. So it's kind of hidden but at the same time easy to get to. Ran and wired up the hardness to where I needed it to be. Then I plugged the hardness into unit. Was able program a 4 digit pin and the pulse for the lock / unlock functions.  And the unit worked flawlessly. Awesome Next step. Clean the window and apply the window sticker to the window. Then mounted the unit to the window sticker on the window. Thing works goodtill works. Because all The LED's still work but. Maybe my hands aren't warm enough or back window too thick. Either way unit does not work. And considering it's made up of stickers. I can't easily be remove to be returned it without damaging it. And since I just wasted my money on this little project. I can't really recommended for anybody.
RLJL33R0DCWYP	4	Four Stars 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
R3FP3MC0CKMXK3	5	Five Stars Sound great!! Perfect for my car system!!
R1KPTFDQXKMON0	5	Great design. This is a nice small and sleek apple watch stand from Nekteck.It is very affordable. It looks really neat on your desk or bedside table. It is made from high grade and luxury aluminum alloy. Which is very strong and give the stand luxurious look. There's no assembly required. Just take it out of the box and start using it.The base has 4 rubber grips, which gives the stand firm grip and it doesn't slide or move while placing the watch on it.It is a solid base for better stabilization.It is designed to charge and rest Apple Watch both 38mm and 42mm. While the watch in on the stand it has a comfortable viewing angle which i really like,Furthermore, it has magnetic charging cable which can be easily inserted and removed in seconds.It It features a circular cut-out to securely fit the charger beneath the watch.This sure is a elegant watch stand that looks great and complements my other Apple products.  Now for packaging and shipping: It was packed in a box. The shipping was very fast. I got the Apple watch stand in two days after placing the order online.I bought it at a discounted price for testing and unbiased review.This sure is a great stand which keeps your Apple Watch clean and safe at night while charging. Plus it has a modern look and feel gives posh, sophisticated vibe to any home or office. Below are few pictures of the Nekteck Apple watch stand that i took when i first received it.
R3IBNVSI303EY	5	Five Stars Love it
R1V911PR84ZQVK	1	One Star Not very good quality
R2LX48W6NYMCBV	4	All was good and as expected Case came in a timley manner.  All was good and as expected.  Would purchase from here again.
REAS5MTWHGESY	4	Good Job! My order was handled promptly and satisfied with my purchase.
R2ET2R1TYDLWAS	5	Necessary Bought this for my fiancé to use because he's always running down his batter, travels, etc. He loves it & doesn't go anywhere without it.
R2000NTQ2WBL2E	5	Looks nice and doesn't add a lot of bulk Dropped my phone twice and it's still alive. Looks nice and doesn't add a lot of bulk. So far so good.
R2WD3BZZB0LBJN	5	this thing has the good original speed official samsung product CONFIRMED.  charges my phone in less than 2 hours O_O ... this thing has the good original speed. It's probably best to buy this cord from the seller named &#34;samsung&#34; because other sellers might indeed have a knock-off copy.
R2NHDLLQJYE2T4	5	Five Stars A+
R1E4HSADGG5J59	5	Five Stars I like it so far.  Easy install and no rattles.
RJ5YXGS69L5ZQ	5	Five Stars Great
R11T36R48CMKY7	5	Excellent Case Excellent case for my iPhone 5S.  Easily handles phone is Otter life defender case.
R37715T852K5TA	2	Two Stars was not for my phone
R1OOS509RWV352	5	Five Stars Great product worked great with my phone Samsung galaxy 6
RA4M1C8X7EHS4	3	Three Stars Was a bit of a pain to work with, but ultimately it did the job.
R34AW41ZMKZFBX	5	Great Phone holder for the money. I use this on my motorcycle and it works great. I had one that cost a lot more and didn't work as well. It's nice and stable and makes me feel better about putting my $500 phone on it going 70MPH!
R39CW2JID3S6QY	1	It did not work with iPhone 6+ Bought it going by its claim that it works with iPhone6+ but for some reason it isn't working. Straight out of the box it didn't work so not sure if it's just a faulty piece or it's not meant for 6+. I bought it over a month ago and didn't bother using it earlier since I had bought it for an upcoming trip but now it's past that 1 month deadline so I'm stuck with it and I'll have to buy another one from a local store where I could return it right away if it doesn't work. BEWARE !!
R2FELQXF98KF2Z	3	Three Stars Looks great! Till the leather started to peel off on all four corners.  Other than that it's good
R3FARNYVQ4FRME	5	Five Stars Made a great gift.
R1LE8FF3SN97IP	4	Four Stars Heavy duty
R3KXE5XNOIEFQG	1	Good idea, but poor execution on this particular cable Item stopped working after 45 days.  Good idea, but poor execution on this particular cable.
R2DO2G239OJ28Q	4	Love the phone Love the phone, the camera is the absolute best!  but it's obvious something is wrong with it, and I'll have to return it. The phone has a glitch that makes it black out in the middle of what I'm doing. My emails don't download, Facebook keeps stopping unexpectedly, and I have to constantly restart it. Pretty annoying for an over $400 phone...
R3FBKSAOGXXFC9	5	LOVE THIS STAND LOVE THIS STAND!  It is the perfect stand to watch TV at my desk at work.  Made very sturdy and worth the price!
R3NIJGQAZ5DMJ	3	Love it hate it. i have soft or love hate relationship with the case. I have bought 3 excatly same cases - black for 5s with logo cut- in last one year. But their life is sadly only 4 mo. Or so. Their thin bridges doesn't last long. But I keep buying them because their is no other nice slimmer with good grip cases are there.  Maybe ringke should do something about it.
R26Z4YXZ5W7RJQ	3	Three Stars i didn't prefer the usb cable.
R1HYKFWXW58Y9P	2	Two Stars Always disconnected.
R208H5N8NRY9HW	2	It works line-of-sight only and therefore is not very useful if you're driving and want to control the head ... It works line-of-sight only and therefore is not very useful if you're driving and want to control the head unit. It's just as easy to reach over and adjust the head unit manually as to aim this remote at the front of the unit. Also, it's larger than I would like.
R1ZWEM609U85KS	5	Great buy... Good quality and works very well. Doesn't get hot like my Samsung does. Delivered in excellent condition on as promised.
R1HJLNZ9U5U7TJ	5	but none have worked as good as this one I have had other bluetooth headsets before, but none have worked as good as this one.  When I talk to people using this, they do not even know that I am on a bluetooth set.  That is how good it is.  I also stream music from my iPhone with this and the battery life will keep it going all day.  The phone battery life, not so good.  But that is because the cell signal is poor or low.  I do wear glasses so it does feel a little uncomfortable if the hard plastic &#34;clip&#34; is pressed against the ear a certain way.  I wish it could be made out of a softer material but then it may not last as well as the rigid plastic.  If your glasses have a thin piece that goes over your ear, then it should not give you any issues.  It is lightweight and the volume is loud, so you can hear it over loud noises.  If you are expecting high fidelity music streaming, this does not provide it.  Definitely rather have it play music than not since I am not supposed to have music playing while I work.  (The LED does not light up when streaming music.  BONUS!!)  I thought I had lost this a while back and the price went up $20.  I will buy another if the price drops back down.  :)
R2CCXG2YN5BT0I	5	Five Stars Fast shipping & Great Item
R23M0YKPNZID3X	5	nice case. Fits great nice case. Fits great. So far I have not dropped it, but hopefully when/if I do it will protect my phone.
R1MCX6DBS7NM2T	5	Five Stars Love this case.  Holds up good especially with my line of work
R21GFFVVXQ4HXZ	3	I wasted on lens just trying to figure out how to ... virtually no directions.  I wasted on lens just trying to figure out how to apply it.  But if you value your ipod, you should use this product.
R2Z909IGBLHV6F	5	Five Stars Good quality. Sturdy, but not bulky.
R24EWHWSKCK7PT	2	Quite the disappointment [[VIDEOID:a45d104c2d3c1e83d7a4a573738c0c6c]] Quick review of the Apple Watch Strap Band - E LV Apple Watch 42MM - ( DARK BLUE) Its not really the band i'm upset at its the adapter more than anything.
R3GGAW0ITLN27W	5	Very Useful Got a great deal on this.  Should have ordered a few more?
R2US5DUU6AR1JB	5	Works Flawlessly! Works great every single time!
R1UOJ5LM2XT2HD	1	I like the case but the clip is not as sturdy ... I like the case but the clip is not  as sturdy as they claim. On my first case the clip broke the same day. The clip was replaced and lasted almost a month and it broke again.
RGO3GKQGN928J	5	Great product! Fantastic! Better than anticipated and came sooner than estimated.
R2ILSN6ML743H2	4	Nice case but makes phone a little bulky Overall, this is a good phone case for an iPhone 5/5S.  I have a 5S and it fits well, and I love that it's my favorite color.  For me personally I don't really like the bulkiness it adds to the phone, but that's simply my personal opinion/preference.  Here are some pros/cons I have noticed with the phone.  Pros: -Includes 2 screen protectors so when one gets dirty or simply needs replacing you have a backup. -Color is beautiful. -Case covers the entire phone (back, sides, and comes over the front border). -There are openings for the speaker and charger on the bottom, the ringer mute switch on the side, and the camera/flash on the back. -Easily fit the charger in the phone while the case is on. -Even with the ringer volume controls covered by the case they are still easy to use and you can feel the button actually press.  Cons: -Makes the phone itself bulkier.  I have a harder time fitting my hand around the phone/case than I have with other cases, but I've been able to adjust. -The lock button on the top is covered by the case and doesn't always work the first time I press it.  You can't feel the button press like you can with the volume control buttons and I sometimes have to press it 2-3 times for it to lock.  *I received this item at a discount to provide an honest review.  My opinions are my own and in no way influenced by the seller.
RTN3O53M7CNJH	1	WARNING: DO NOT BUY I usually don't rate products poorly but this is a complete waste of money. The charger does not seat properly so it rarely charges and will flip back and forth between charging and not charging every other second. This charger has a bad connection in either the micro USB port or the connection to the magnetic charge port on the phone. It is poorly designed. Buy something else. I'm looking at the OEM dock now.
R3JT183R8EJ3GX	5	Nice product and fast service Nice product and fast service.  It's not a real bass pounder but it adds to the overall sound of the car stereo
RPHAYCQQDISQP	4	Four Stars I wish this was longer,  to short for what i needed it for
RTLPC2JCNG0W5	5	:-) good quality
R3L8CWKAXE4IV2	5	Works great! This sticker adapter worked great  on my phone (Tmobile Note 4). No issues with snapping back the cover either.
R1DZ7MAUUEAE8T	5	EXCELLENT PRODUCT! These are AWESOME! I go through the soft, foam ear pads in a matter of weeks, but I have had these for a year and a half now and they are still going strong - not even a crack in the soft, leather-like material! Very durable, and does nicely keeping the sound out. Well done!!!!
R3FIAF9WVK28X	5	awesome harness for the price! I'm really happy how the harness turned out. there is 1 issue however. the accessory wire does NOT turn off the stereo. this is an issue on VW's end. simple enough, just rewire the accessory wire to either the fuse panel or the cigarette lighter. personally, I installed it on the fuse panel. (picture for more details). look at the other reviews for tips and advice in the installation of this product.
RU8APZDP6IVUU	5	... the mail put it on and it was very easy there is no lag when touching the screen mand ... Just got it in the mail put it on and it was very easy there is no lag when touching the screen mand it works well with the otter box commuter series. Recommend buy
RJMY8YWFZOZA0	4	I love this case but it won't accommodate the lightening cable ... I love this case but it won't accommodate the lightening cable from Amazon.  (The Apple cords work fine.) Still, I like it enough to keep using it even though I have to take it out to charge it.
R2BRAN2IWFJGBR	5	BEST BANG FOR YOUR BUCK Outstanding quality. The case feels amazing like a high end 70 dollar case. Highly recommended. I wish I would've got this first, instead of that expensive otterbox commuter case
RVZHZFZJ6PMDI	4	So far so good.. So far so good... Fast, camera is iffy. Overall great phone for the price. Call quality isn't very good.. Kinda quiet.. Sometimes scratchy.. Might be my location though, I don't get the best service area..
R3PVGQX8VD75HZ	4	it is a nice pen for the price it is a nice pen for the price, works great with the ipad, and the ink side is nice.  the only thing is the pen is a bit short, but other than that I love it.
R3IEQXPI9F50KV	5	Five Stars Super nice!
RH0HWMWW8NJJS	4	Four Stars Good stock replacement - They are okay.
RRWOM9QBN9HNB	5	Five Stars Way cheaper than the AT&T store for a very similar quality product.
R1ONTNMHUB1N3U	5	Very good protection for an expensive GPS unit Does everything it purports to do.  Very good protection for an expensive GPS unit.
R1JLR6VUVV1E5M	5	Five Stars Great fit and decent audio. First picture is incorrect. Earbud must be used in right ear.
R1LNJRZOSOILJ6	4	Four Stars Everything fit perfectly
R2Q8VHDRKNB7E2	3	Three Stars Doesnt fit the cards as well as I thought and that mirror is awful
R37OJMVGNA1V77	5	Five Stars Working great!  Worth the price.
R1BVUY6ICP27PO	5	I love this design as it mounts on the vents and ... For a while I had one that used suction to stick to the top of my dashboard. On many hot days it would become loose and fly off. I love this design as it mounts on the vents and never flys off.
R1G9UMXCKBVN8J	3	Picture seems to actually be a sticker on back of ... Picture seems to actually be a sticker on back of phone case... I imagine it will start to peel off soon.
R1PQK00PXSLF22	3	It's ok but not so sure I would put anything ... It's ok but not so sure I would put anything in the pocket located in the back of the case that would really be a pain in they @55 to replace or that you have to report stolen. Bit it is do'able for the price
R1NIUKPW7BU840	4	Four Stars All very good
R2BYKIIITAOQXA	3	Three Stars Excellent
R17FPHNGV2T7VD	4	Basically does what it is supposed to and is pretty useful (particularly while traveling) Basically does what it is supposed to and is pretty useful (particularly while traveling). Faster charging would be awesome but I guess that is in general a technical challenge and cost prohibitive...
RT0Y4HYM3FRK6	1	Bad experience This product worked for a total of three days.  I used the headphones two days at the gym and they worked fine and easily paired. On the third day they would not pair.  The battery was fully charged and I could hear the &#34;power on&#34; and  &#34;power off&#34; feedback but they were undiscoverable and would not pair.
R3081T4LEI242B	2	Two Stars did no work on my GPS
R3OL4ROKJVNSTO	5	Brilliant Innovation Since I never play CDs in the slot, this is a perfect place to install the mount, and the clever use of a magnet between my phone and back cover provides a secure and easy grip that doesn't deteriorate like those based on some form of stickiness.  This innovative mount is fantastic.
RYJN2FHR5W9HL	5	If your a professional you need to get this headset. Absolutely the best headset for serious business people who need to hear and be heard on a cell phone while in and out of different environments throughout the work day. This is a no frills headset, you can't listen to your music via Bluetooth through it or hear your nav directions through it (which can be good), but if you want to hear clearly and be heard clearly in and out of airports, cars, or while walking the busy streets, there is none better. With the larger filter on the mic I can drive on secondary roads, 45mph, with top off my jeep and hear and be heard with little to no issues. Amazing.  I have had 6 etymotic headsets, tried the wired version and keep one as a backup in case I lose battery power for Bluetooth version. The wired version is bombproof. Only criticism of the Bluetooth version rated here is it is a bit fragile which is why I have purchased a few of these over the years. Despite the fragility, I keep coming back to this product after having tried virtually every other highly rated brand. Nothing comes close to this if you are a professional and need something that absolutely works, period.
R1KUSTBQJFA9F3	5	Much better than the windshield suction cup Use it all the time. Much better than the windshield suction cup.
R1KSYBN5S61R53	2	The case itself holds up fine but the graphic on the back is a sticker ... The case itself holds up fine but the graphic on the back is a sticker with poor adhesive.  I've had it on my phone for a week and the sticker is already coming off.  This is a poor case and I'm disappointed that I bought it.
R3RQI7UHF5M820	5	Five Stars Great for 28v aircraft power systems
R2L8N7XR2XKOQV	5	Five Stars I got wrong  one
R7RX2DTWGVL8W	3	Three Stars Didn't hold up as well as we hoped.
R26N9YU20VMHW3	5	Great toolkit! Great product, has just about everything you need to get the job done!
R1IF6EV26713HP	3	This is my replacement set and I am very disappointed. My first gave good sound and never messed ... This is my replacement set and I am very disappointed.  My first gave good sound and never messed up,  this pair (which is also refurbished) goes in and out all the time.  Maybe I should stick to new.  I'm not so happy
R1PKU1YCTU8O7P	5	Awesome Perfect arrived on time my husband loves it
RPTT6938248CH	4	Works as expected Works as expected
R1WP7CI8HAZ5OL	5	Durable, good fit, good price. The case fits well, feels very solid and is easy to hold on to, and the built in screen protector works well.  It isn't quite as easy to put on as the video (which is the only installation instruction, a link is provided for it but no printed manual).  For a phone which will be riding in a pocket, likely dropped many times, it should be well protected.  The screen protector is plastic, not glass, but is clear and smooth.  If it does wear out, it shouldn't be hard to replace it.
R3PUCNINSULK0W	4	A Good Value In An Economically Priced Bluetooth Headset [[VIDEOID:f74ea91be658ade5bff7e1ac854a6877]] The Smarteck Qy8 Bluetooth 4.1 Headphone arrived within a couple days of being ordered via Prime. It was particularly well packaged with the outer device box containing two individual boxes.  The Bluetooth 4.1 specification was introduced in December 2013; the current specification, 4.2, was introduced in December 2014 and included some privacy enhancements. Bluetooth devices operate at approximately 2.4 GHz.  Most mobile devices are class 2 with a range of approximately 10 meters or 33 feet.  OPERATION I tested the headset with my mobile phone initially without charging. The received audio quality was acceptable, but that sent was not. Following several hours of charging using the included USB charging cable, I repeated the test using Skype's Echo Sound Test Service. This time, the audio sent and received was quite acceptable. Charging devices before use is generally recommended.  The accompanying video demonstrates the use of the charging cable. A port for the mini USB connector is located on the side of one ear phone. A flap is readily pulled back using your finger nail. Once the standard USB end of the cable is plugged in, the QCY text on the other ear phone will display a red lighting. The red light will remain on until the cable is disconnected.  Pairing with my Android cell phone and Microsoft Surface 2 Pro occurred without incident. Once paired, the headphone requires a few seconds to connect, assuming you have turned the headset on. To turn it on, press the button associated with the ear phone that has the volume control on the side; holding it down for 3-4 seconds is required. Turning the device on or off is associated with light and audible English speech indicators.  OVERALL EVALUATION As Bluetooth devices go, this one is probably as good as any, particularly in its price range. That being said, I've gotten much better audio quality results from a $30 USB wired headset than any Bluetooth device, including one for which I paid well in excess of $140. If wireless is a non-negotiable requirement, this headset is certainly worth considering. The Smarteck Qy8 is relatively inexpensive and features an 80mH battery reputed to support up to 7 hours of active use or 175 hours in standby.  It also comes with four additional ear buds in varying sizes.  Ultimately, I gave the Smarteck Qy8 headset four stars.  It's a bit more complicated to use than my $140 Plantronics single ear device. Like any Bluetooth device, audio quality is not as good as with an inexpensive wired headset. The accompanying printed manual also pretty much required a magnifying glass to read so I didn't bother trying. By watching the accompanying video, you shouldn't have to read it either. Like Amazon Vines, I received this device in return for an unbiased technical review. Unlike Vines, less than 10% of my reviews are compensated. I usually spend an hour or more creating a video review, so I would appreciate you marking it helpful if appropriate.headset than any Bluetooth device, including one for which I paid well in excess of $140. If wireless is a non-negotiable requirement, this headset is certainly worth considering. The Smarteck Qy8 is relatively inexpensive and features an 80mH battery reputed to support up to 7 hours of active use or 175 hours in standby.  It also comes with four additional ear buds in varying sizes.  Ultimately, I gave the Smarteck Qy8 headset four stars.  It's a bit more complicated to use than my $140 Plantronics single ear device. Like any Bluetooth device, audio quality is not as good as with an inexpensive wired headset. The accompanying printed manual also pretty much required a magnifying glass to read so I didn't bother trying. By watching the accompanying video, you shouldn't have to read it either. Like Amazon Vines, I received this device in return for an unbiased technical review. Unlike Vines, less than 10% of my reviews are compensated. I usually spend an hour or more creating a video review, so I would appreciate you marking it helpful if appropriate.
R2M56E6K7U0UTA	5	Five Stars great product easy to use, fitted well
R1AQBOSJAENRNQ	5	Five Stars Great product but beware it is not NFC or wireless charging friendly.
R19W0L7C9XOT51	5	Five Stars, very fast good cell.
R3CCP5CXMXY5XT	1	I got what I paid for Defective product.  2 out of the 4 charging ports do not work.
RMKUU2XJCEI3H	4	Nice cover Bought this for my daughter's galaxy note and she loves it - great quality.
R2B91ZZ28NDXNM	5	fit perfectly I purchased this for my mother in law. She loved it! It is so pretty. I find it unusual that the harder plastic cover comes apart from the teal, rubbery part, but it works great. It fit her phone perfectly.
R2G80GN3OTM2JA	5	It Is What It Is For what it is, I like it alot.  I have not dropped my phone yet (knock on wood) and it does not feel as secure in my hands as the rubber cover I had, but it is what it is and does feel like it can protect my phone.
R24TN42WS3WIKB	5	Came exactly on time and is excellent quality. The sides are rubbery so there's no ... Came exactly on time and is excellent quality. The sides are rubbery so there's no breakage like with a lot of cases. I really like the feel of the coverings for the volume buttons and hold button. 10/10
R3ETRV8M3RQC0H	1	One Star Didn't work properly with my Note 4, very dissappointed.
R3SHNXT3DZ9OZU	4	This piece of equipment is a real good headset for me. Just received today, and I am really impressed. This piece of equipment is a real good headset for me.
R2KY5XBMZY50Y0	5	Five Stars Works great
R1ZCM2DN5ICKSS	2	Not as secure a case as other brands. I purchased this case mainly for the belt clip/protective front cover which works well. The case itself though is another story. The fit isn't tight at all and you can easily slip the phone out of its protective layer without removing the backside hard shell. The silicone is just too soft and slippery. I am using the belt clip with a different manufacturers case (MoKo) that I also purchased on Amazon. That case is much more secure and retains the phone very well. I wish it had come with the belt clip portion like this case has since then it would have been perfect. All in all this is an inexpensive item so I won't knock it as it does add some protection to your phone and provides a kick stand so you can prop your phone up to watch a video etc. I probably would have paid as much just for the belt clip portion of this case if I were to buy it at a local retailer. Maybe my example wasn't perfect and another may fit tightly. I had the same issues with covers for a couple older Apple I Pod touch's where the silicone was just so slippery and soft that the I Pod would simply slide right out with any use. Hope this helps someone that is looking for a case for the Moto G. I would highly recommend the MoKo branded version as that case fits much more securely and also offers the kick stand.
R2ADZ5MAHFXNI8	4	great case but to small of a cut out for on and off The only reason I did not give the phone case 5 stars was the cut out for the on and off was much to small. I had to make it bigger.  It took a  quite a while  I needed to use a knife, scissors  and a nail clipper.  I finally got it big enough and now it is fine.  The case was  a great price and it arrived much quicker then they estimated.
R9HXZMUV6J9IO	4	With these so far so good, Im on vacation so I cant really say ... ok headphones....I went cordless because Im a welder and often Im alone for long periods of time welding for hours. I got regular head phones but they seemed to always break at the 3.5 jack that connects to the phone. With these so far so good, Im on vacation so I cant really say they are good or not yet but I will update when i return to work.
R1T1WWYSK3AQNI	5	Good class screen Its barely even noticeable and its pretty thick.
RI6U0QBU00OVY	3	It's a nice case. Looks good It's a nice case.  Looks good, fits the phone really well, and the grip is ok.  Felt a little slippery at first but for the most part it's been ok not great.  My wife has only had it for 2 months and the red coating on the outer shell is already chipping off near the edges.
R7BBOQAHA3ZY6	5	it fit my 2005 mercury mariner great, and looked good with the existing console it fit my 2005 mercury mariner great, and looked good with the existing console, my new radio looks pretty good and the install went smoothly.
R3AJFE8QOG02SC	5	Nice product! Nice product!
R25WG3N9R4AQUF	5	i absolutely love this! its so soft i absolutely love this! its so soft! and my phone fits it perfectly! plus i dont have to carry my big ol purse, just stick the cards  use in the side pockets! it works great. i just throw it on the side of my baby diaper bag now so its so much easier to carry! thank you for making this a review product!
R3ANKI60CC2GF	5	Stylish case that offers very good padding for your iPhone. [[VIDEOID:81d6d464a3e989f9ed3070556f759119]] I got a free sample of this for review.  I know it says \\"green\\" and \\"red\\" in the description, but the pictures are correct: they are indeed mint and pink. Which isn't a bad thing: it is a very nice pink colour, and it goes surprisingly well with the gold of the plastic bottom that slides out to make it easy to put the phone into the case.  It comes in a nice, plastic retail case, which looks pleasant enough, and would still be nice if this were to be given away as a present to someone special.  The cover also covers the buttons on the side, protecting them too, and the whole thing feels very comfortable in the hand, offering a good grip with its nice rubbery material.  I didn't have an iPhone at hand when I made the video, but a later test confirms it is a nice, tight and secure fit, all buttons and sockets easily accessible and a much improved grip over the bare phone itself.  It does build a little bit of thickness to the iPhone, but not excessively so. It adds little weight, almost making it feel lighter because of the increased size, but that added size is also padding that will potentially protect your expensive iDevice from a lot of knocks and falls.  The rubbery material has a bit of bounce to it, which will help absorb shocks much better than many other back covers I've seen, also having a nice edge extending above screen height which might save it from a face-down fall to the ground as well.  In short: it's a nice cover that I can certainly recommend - if you like the styling and colour of it.
R4O5R9ZCA4JOM	5	Five Stars Works fine, no problems.
R2G48T267ZTXEB	5	Great! Works well, its a bit thicker then the original but still works very well!
R3O47ZGAI6JWSQ	5	Five Stars works great, charges fast
R2BESX22BCZR1X	1	One Star lousy product breaks easily and cost just as much to get a replacement.  Not worth it.
R34C1JGY5N5J91	3	Classy and elegant but too tight for the Samsung Galaxy ... Classy and elegant but too tight for the Samsung Galaxy Light 4G (the inside has a label marked iphone5S?). Difficult to get phone and all sorts of buttons are pressed and changes to the phone. I think we got the wrong product ... can we still exchange it?
RGLDOY3ZO4GH	5	Five Stars Great price. Does everything it's supposed to do!
RT0Z9O5X5OF0E	5	Solid built - Plenty of power to share Delivered very quickly. Well packaged. Unit feels very solid and made well. Jacks feel secure not flimsy. I used it to charge my Nexus 5 and an iPhone 6 - not at same time, duh, but right after each other.. Both started at about 20% battery and charged to about 95% on both.. Only consumed 2 led lights off the unit. I was very happy to see it can handle this capacity. This isbgreat if you're going out for a full day and having more than one device to recharge. Im very happy with this purchase.. As long as they don't change anything I suspect you will be, too.
R2V8SJQN394H2U	5	Nice Charger for the price bit heavy This is a tad bulky and heavy but its great for long events like concerts when you will be sucking the juice from your phone and esp when your friends phones die and they always want your portable charger!!!
R2YEH2TFGFZFCR	4	but overall I like it. There was a little condensation over the ... It's kind of hard to get off without damaging it, but overall I like it. There was a little condensation over the camera lens, so I'm not sure if moisture got in or was already there.
R1O2NNWPNFE4VP	5	Worked very well. Ocean boating was a breeze. Worked very well.  Ocean boating was a breeze.
R38Z7CYOTMHYD6	5	Five Stars LOVE ITTTT
R1706N0486KSND	1	the swirl did not met my expectations. The ability ... the swirl did not met my expectations.  The ability to extend the stylus was difficult in that it came out and the part that is to fit into my 6Iphone is too narrow to fit snugly and therefore they fell off  often .
RS33DBITHCE0K	5	Five Stars Fit phone perfectly.
R141QZVDB4FIFA	4	This is a fantastic head unit This is a fantastic head unit.  Installed this with my factory sound system and did the Auto EQ / Time Delay adjustment and it made my system sound much better.  Eventually replaced the factory speakers with JBLs and a sub, did the Auto EQ again and bam, amazingness.  The only thing that sucks about this unit:  No FLAC Support :(  No 64GB SDCard support.  Haven't tried 64GB USB sticks.  Will read 32GB SD Cards   Bluetooth support is meh.  Android will support changing tracks from the head unit / remote, iPod / iphone via bluetooth will not.  USB iphone/ ipod works perfectly.  I wish it would support metadata via bluetooth; like song names or currently playing internet radio station, but it does not.  A small issue: when visualisation is active on the unit, and you hit 'DISP' to see the title of the current playing track or radio station, it will only display for 2 seconds - it will occasionally not scroll through the entire name in that time, so you will only catch the first 12 characters of whatever your playing off your SD card or removable media.  If the visualisation is off, it will constantly scroll the entire track name.  Overall, I would recommend this unit to anyone who wants high quality audio control of their vehicle but does not want to outfit their whip with a bulky multimedia display
RQVO6STI647WE	2	Somewhat disappointing Color of the band is different from the color of the grey Apple Watch (more reddish). The tool for band length adjustment is too weak to push out the pin from the link to remove it - need to bring to a watch shop for adjustment.
R2984HNKHHKH3R	5	 Worked great exact replacement Sirius sportster 5 very satisfied
R18VB4AB20E54K	5	Five Stars Got just what I needed!
R3EC9C6JAHG7EW	5	Five Stars OK
R4ZUJO3WT4F70	2	Two Stars I could say is good but I don't use because I ordered wrong one.
RD9KREG7H4AUU	5	Five Stars Love the Pebble Steel and can't beat the price.
RUZRACWASFLAE	2	Eeh The blue part was loose it wouldn't attach to the green part.
R1PHGQ5OT15O8	5	Love anker I use this every day with my galaxy note 3, Charges it up no problem, very quick. This is a high quality product. I have used other anker products in the past, all amazing.  Never had any problems but my friends tell me that their customer service is unmatched.
R8KPL6I8RK5D7	1	Nope! I wish this case was made better! Both layers are a hard plastic that does not work well with each other. Me and my husband got this same case for different phones in different colors and we both had the same problem. Our phones kept popping out the case. Whether it was a corner or one of the sides for some reason it wouldn't stay put. I honestly think its because the case is 2 hard plastics together vs. the alt silicone/gel base and hard plastic cover. We loved the idea of having the kick stand and the cool look but being functional is always top priority! I mean what's the use of added features to a car that doesn't drive??
RBBWDFTSFYUQ1	5	Five Stars Blink blink
R1JOPC5OOF9EIZ	5	2 thumbs up! have preferred these 2x already will be ordering more great quality for the price
R4XPGHUUL49CL	5	Five Stars I love it! No complaints here!
R2C44SQKUUS9BO	5	So nice to have a multi-usb port to use So nice to have a multi-usb port to use. We have several products that use the usb cords to charge so this is perfect for my family. I received this product free or at a discount for my unbiased review.
R3UUXG4G3VY2K	4	Four Stars Good product
R1BT12UDP8ROL	4	Great device. Mounted the 520 on my Trike (sky-cycle) Had a problem, it was resolved quickly and professionally.  Great device.  Mounted the 520 on my Trike (sky-cycle).  Purchased the 5&#34; because of the smaller size.  Now, I'm thinking there may be enough room for the 7&#34;.  Thank you Sarasota and IFly !!  :)
RZJ2X2O0U9FI5	5	Thank you I got my order in perfect condition and the packadge was wonderful thank you very ... Thank you I got my order in perfect condition and the packadge was wonderful thank you very much I really like your service
R6SXR5SYNK2LM	5	Amazing quality for the price! This is the best iPhone case I've had and the TARDIS design is perfection!
RRQIU9WTJ1JAH	2	I would not buy this again. It's cheap enough ... I would not buy this again.  It's cheap enough. But you get what you pay for. I have an i-phone 4 (the little one) and this does not hold it correctly. It now holds my post it notes on my desk because it cannot hold anything heavier. The only reason I gave it a 2 stars is because it's cheap enough
R2ZGLQYNSO0WVS	1	Totally disappointed. Bought 2 and both ended up chipping and breaking.  I thought that maybe I did something to break the first one, but after purchasing the second on and putting a case on, it ended up chipping the three different places.  Totally disappointed.
R2748S8R605AFW	5	1 Amp if you use 1 plug crap.. POWER POWER POWER! This sums it up, it provides all the power for my phones (Nexus 5 and OnePlus One). How much power?! 2.1 Amp PER USB PLUG! None of this BS 2.1 Amp if you use 1 plug crap... Nope we charge two devices at a full 2.1A ... Love this plug.
R26II38BAVLZTX	5	Would definitely recommend! This case is awesome and it fits and functions great on my phone, dust and splash resistant with all the ports covered! Would recommend!
R3V6UCAZX5JKHY	5	Five Stars Great device and the lights are really nice
R1B77Q9ATIFM8J	1	One Star Lasted 2 months. Won't record nor will the on screen menu show up on the screen.
RML4ULJY293PF	5	Really great case my last one was making my phone over ... Really great case my last one was making my phone over heat and this is exactly what i needed and it fits perfect ive had multiple compliments..
R153LHBO3D8UW5	5	Works great! Most car chargers don't work very well. This one is great! I received a discount on my order for a fair review.
RAZOI5DKXYJI8	4	Four Stars Nice phone
REN3DQAWQGKPC	5	Terrific Value This is a terrific product!  It doesn't smear with fingerprints and even when I dropped my phone, the company replaced it at half price.  Great value for the money -- in fact, terrific value since other stores charge $50 for the same product!
R251PHY8YJ0SAV	5	Great value! Worked great & fit perfectly! Great find for the price!
R1EBR3L1TOY4L7	5	Five Stars Exactly what I wanted and delivered on time.
R2R3TOG8FJG71I	5	Can't complain I used these on two new phones.  The cut was precise, and they went on easy.  Can't beat the price.  I just hope I never have to find out if they protect as well as the big $$$ brands.
R2EE2TR4MRDV0U	5	Does it get any better than a 10000 mah battery? A great battery for a great phone. Some of us power users need more than the standard and this is perfect. There isn't a bigger battery on the market. A full charge will last you at least three days. It's going to take a couple charging cycles for the phone to recognize the battery fully and you won't have to panic and rush for a charger at one percent either. 1% of a 10000 mah battery is another 5 hrs. Just try not to constantly run the battery down to 0.
R2GCWPRE1251AO	5	Five Stars It's a good case, I love it
RD06P7LMCZT4C	5	great selfies stick purchase Great selfies stick. Came as expected. Fits my Nixon coolpix camera perfectly and my galaxy S4 with a mophie charger attached to it. Great item. Extends perfectly without twisting for a great photo. Thank you
R364TJ693O62D6	1	I had one exactly like this and it lasted for almost a year Worked for two weeks and now doesn't charge at all. I had one exactly like this and it lasted for almost a year.
R765ILNAWAHXI	5	Five Stars Excellent product.
RAOLK2JSCKVEB	3	Three Stars It broken send me one
R38ZSHA18KJIXR	3	Three Stars no comment
R34E9HAOVROB5C	5	Five Stars Works
R15FYPQFPGTVK3	5	This one is perfect Two chargers for one and they both work really good!
R320QRHEZA5QSD	3	You get what you pay for This is slim, and much thinner than I was expecting. After 3 days of use, there are strings coming off of it from the stitching. My husband loves it, so that is all that really matters.  The quality isn't quite up to par, but for this cheap, you get what you pay for.
REM5NR0PCDMO8	1	Come to find out the speakers became loud static and Bluetooth to a wireless speaker sounds far worse. I would not recommend or Phone had a lot of cracks. Also when installing the service to the phone the worker said it was water damaged. Come to find out the speakers became loud static and Bluetooth to a wireless speaker sounds far worse. I would not recommend or order from this user again.
R35PG989P73W8N	5	Five Stars Good product for great price
R2BRWQSRUL2T22	5	case looks great. Everything was exactly as promised Quick delivery, case looks great.  Everything was exactly as promised.
REYWSPA1QR1R9	5	A perfect replacement cable for my iPhone Lightening cables in my house disappear quicker than the charge on my phone.  It seems like whenever I want to charge my iPhone, the charging cable is missing.  We have 3 iPhones in the house and we were down to 2 charging cables.  I purchased this Kinps 3ft lightening cable, MFI certified, so that I could have my own cable. I purchased black since the others are white and now I will know its mine.  The cable works just like it should.  Since it is MFI certified, I have had no problems syncing my phone to my computer.  The charging speed is great.  My phone seems to charge a bit quicker than it did.  The cable is 3ft long so I am able to use my phone while it charges.  I will be getting another one of these cables.  I received a discount on this item in exchange for my honest opinion and review.
RWVAY2L8PXVMS	2	Two Stars So, so
R8YQBS1OZUQII	2	Great... but The cover is gorgeous but as soon I open the case and put my cards in the materials were coming over ( the seam) and the case to hold the phone is cracking.
R20CQQO30EY78G	1	One Star Dghfhcg
R1DJS29Q3UHS8N	5	Five Stars amazing product. gives a good backup of 3 full charges to my galaxy s4.
R23988XG1JERVV	1	Waste of money Both cables stopped working this week. The connection between the cable and the plastic broke and frayed the wires on one and the other charges for about a minute and then says accessory not supported. Don't waste your time or money
R2EIO5K1HCNEB	4	Four Stars i really like it
RMXDKG1LDWFVG	5	very good case Very well fitting case all button work only drawback is you have to remove phone back cover. But the protection it provides is well worth it.
RT741V0T4ZH23	1	One Star peeled off with in 1 week
R5C7VD055QT5N	4	you get what you pay for This phone cost about $20 more than the avail 2, and some other phones. The quality of this is like going from a regular car to a Cadillac.It works so easy,and has far more features,than one would want,and more than you'd expect from a phone at this price.Try it, you might like it!
R1FQQ7Z61LXVKA	5	Otter box the best Love it fits perfectly protects phone the best case
RN49TCY2LGLJE	3	the On/OFF button areea is too hard to press. the On/OFF button area is too hard to press. Should have a slit along each length of button area to release tension to the rubber and allow easy press of it.
R37S5S9HUTDWM9	1	Crappie! One of the earpieces broke within a week of receiving it!
R3N5BAB2T9G3M5	4	Four Stars Good so far
R2ZR1HC70XBPFY	4	Four Stars Worked well
R24BJ7PUKCP1MQ	3	Love that they are 10ft long Love that they are 10ft long.  One issue I have is that one of the plugs that plugs into your phone or tablet does not plug in very well at.  It wiggles and doesnt keep it charging.
R2WK754UGI17PE	1	Not very happy. The case would be fine if it was ... There was a piece broken off the side of the case. I managed to glue it but there is a gap. Not very happy. The case would be fine if it was in one piece. I already sent a response via packaging review.
R2CNDMCQ4ICIJ	4	Really enjoyed this for my trip to Hawaii Really enjoyed this for my trip to Hawaii. It was perfect for hiking and we got some great underwater pictures. The only reason for four stars was that the touch screen could be really sensitive or non-responsive. We had a few pictures we wanted to get but couldn't get to the app to take a picture in time. But my phone survived the trip and the lenses were a lot of fun. We took a lot of pictures that we wouldn't have been able to take otherwise. It was awesome on a 14 hour kayak trip and an 8 hour hike to a waterfall.
R341NTM0NTSMTX	2	Protects phone, but can't charge or use headphones. With the white bumper around the phone, my headphone and charger port was blocked. It's really hard to put on and take off, so after a week I kept the bumper off. The phone still felt quite protected, and there's been several times my phone fell and this seemed to help protecting my phone. The case discolors very quickly. I purchased this in late June 2015, and now 2 months later, it is faded and very dirty looking. I can't be too upset on the discoloration based on the affordable price of this case, but I am upset to see how part of the case makes the most important parts of the phone inaccessible.
R1OBJI2MULLH2L	4	Love it. Love this product. Adds all the functionality of Bluetooth enabled car. Only downside is the very loud voice informing me Bluetooth is connected or not. I can see that on my phone and the voice is super loud over my stereo.
RHUA9YK2MMI58	4	great case Great case.  Just wished the glitter moved more, but it is beautiful. Would highly recommend.
R2VURMN24ZUTA4	3	LGTM :) Works for me :)
R1VL34G580ANZJ	5	Luv The Luvvitt Second time buying this item! Dropped my phone at work and happened to catch the ONE screw in my whole computer office that I did not pick up, thus cracking the protective screen. I reordered this on amazon and got a new one in the mail next day.When putting on the new screen there was a little bubble defect in the one corner. After calling Luvvitt they promptly, no questions asked, sent me a new screen two days after request was put in. The new screen went on just fine and my phone is once again protected. I would recommend this product to ANYONE looking for a screen cover. My co-woker has a $40 screen protector and honestly I could not tell the difference between mine and hers (I am VERY picky and detailed). She tried to explain &#34;well hers comes with lifetime replacement warranty and all she has to do is pay $15 for replacement now.... I paid $12 and free replacement when the screen had a bubble.... Beat that!
RCK6XAEN7PILG	5	Five Stars Simply Great, period
R1I1BI6XBDBZZZ	5	Five Stars Real nice, they work well and stay on well.  Happy with the both covers
R2R4CAIVMJZK5X	5	The device I never knew I wanted...and now can't live without **UPDATE: I've now purchased two more of these for family BDays who adore them as well (especially for the receiving calls bit). This really is an arguably great buy. I also have customer service on speed email; they answer every question...and lightning fast.**  To be honest, I never understood what the big darn deal was with all those pill shaped Bluetooth speakers at Best Buy. Sure, they look cool. And have decent sound. They are also ridiculously expensive versus seemingly much more capable, larger AirPlay counterparts. (My [[ASIN:B00903HKIS Pioneer XW-SMA1-K A1 Wi-Fi Speaker featuring AirPlay, DLNATM, HTC Connect and Wireless Direct (Discontinued by Manufacturer)]] is a rock star.)  So when Vtin offered me the opportunity to review their Waterproof bluetooth speaker, I was intrigued...but honestly expected a 3-star review, at best. I didn't pay for this. And was likely to pan it.  I'm eating crow.  This baby is powerful. The bass on it is superb, likewise the mid-high level clarity. Build quality is surprisingly quite good for a $40 speaker. This feels VERY solid, has nice seals (for a supposedly waterproof device), buttons are responsive and nicely rubberized. No, I'm not running water over this guy to confirm...but feel cautiously confident it could take it.  Sync was seamless for an iPhone (it took seconds), also playback. Just be careful to hold down the volume buttons during playback, or risk skipping songs.  I discovered a bit of finickiness, however, when attempting to sync with another device...in this instance, an iPad Air 2. Bluetooth must be turned off on the original to de-sync the speaker. Turning the speaker on/off likewise is needed, in most instances, to properly reset. Closing a device or app will NOT de-sync.  Phone use is perhaps the most impressive part of this device. The Vtin Waterproof Speaker handles calls like an ace, seamlessly switching back/forth between music playback and phone call. Mic is crystal clear. The mute button likewise works as advertised.  For self employed peeps (who use music/calls regularly), this speaker is the bomb. I used the [[ASIN:B00GOI1HJA Pwr+ Extra Long 6.5 Ft AC Adapter 2.1A Rapid Charger for Asus Transformer Tablet Book T100 T100TA T100TAM T100TAF; Transformer Pad MG10 MG103C TF103C TF103CX TF0310C B1 C1 H1 H2 B1 B11 A1 10.1 Inch]] charger to keep this guy power happy.  Last, customer service is surprisingly outstanding. Lightning fast responses, also very kind and considerate people. I'm a believer in the company.  If you're pondering a great gift...this is it. This is an incredible speaker for the price. I kicked myself this afternoon for not bringing it to the basketball court for much needed tunes.rks as advertised.  For self employed peeps (who use music/calls regularly), this speaker is the bomb. I used the [[ASIN:B00GOI1HJA Pwr+ Extra Long 6.5 Ft AC Adapter 2.1A Rapid Charger for Asus Transformer Tablet Book T100 T100TA T100TAM T100TAF; Transformer Pad MG10 MG103C TF103C TF103CX TF0310C B1 C1 H1 H2 B1 B11 A1 10.1 Inch]] charger to keep this guy power happy.  Last, customer service is surprisingly outstanding. Lightning fast responses, also very kind and considerate people. I'm a believer in the company.  If you're pondering a great gift...this is it. This is an incredible speaker for the price. I kicked myself this afternoon for not bringing it to the basketball court for much needed tunes.
R2H23RCRK3IA7N	5	Five Stars Works great!
R3CSN8RTCYGJYB	4	I'm a happy camper with my purchase My S-10 works very well. I'm a happy camper with my purchase.
R26Z06PPKKW3ZL	5	Five Stars Good product
R2KTKMJ57EAQV1	5	Works with Samsung S6 with Otter Box! I use this on my bike with a Samsung Galaxy S6 with the Otter Box case. The roads in my town are not that great, and when hitting bumps, my phone doesn't even move. The bands fit just perfectly to still plug in my headphones. The bands do fit very snugly, so I hope they don't stretch over time.  P.S. Please don't mind the dust on my bike. I was gone for a month.
R388TAZQ1UQP9K	5	Love it, doesn't add a lot of bulk to ... Love it, doesn't add a lot of bulk to the phone compared to other otter box cases. The pink exactly matches the pink iPhone 5c. The grey on it looks great too. Was easy to install
RGNQFGFE5XSKO	5	Rapid car charger Happy with delivery time and product! I like that the charger tip lights up to help see in the dark!
R208NC0KKK920R	1	No protection..... Super cute but the first time my phone droped on my wood floor it cracked my screen.  I had a cheaper case on it before that protected my phone from hitting concrete several times and never had any issues.  Unfortunate...should've just kept my worn out one on.
R127IYXENA3DK8	5	Mounting on a motorcycle. This works good on the mirror mount on the handlebars .I noticed that on my FJR that it had a place to mount a mirror on the handlebars that was not used due to the mirrors being mounted on the faring . I just bought a 10mm x 1.25mm bolt and painted is satton black , I thought I would have to drill it out due to it being stated it was 9mm but it threaded right on . By the way this would work with the mirror still being used no need for a bolt then .  I'm not sure if it would work very well with 8 mm mirrors. Larry
RTIWAC751U2RZ	5	Great for me This little gadget really reminds me to not forget my cell phone before leaving the house.  Great for me.
R1TXKJN8TI50XN	5	Great Case Love it!!! Looks great, feels great, no complaints. Everything I wanted in a case, looks good and my phone is well protected.
RQ6Q7WSW8HSE8	5	... and she absolutely loves it dresses her phone up nicely I gave this to a friend for a gift and she absolutely loves it dresses her phone up nicely
R2OO21472JHZUD	3	Three Stars Too small for a phone in a case.
R2M2TO6P19GVYF	5	Great Portable Charger for any device that use the micro-USB Connector Great portable Charger for the money!
R3TH7ZDW4G0NTP	5	Five Stars AMAZING product! Exactly as expected, and a perfect fit for my Galaxy S6.
R1RJZAGIEM5M7A	1	Documentation is lacking - real time tracking doesn't work (yet). Was VERY excited to receive this. I thought it was perfect for my son's scooter. Alarm system works like a charm. I activated a new line with AT&T and installed the iPhone 4 SIM card as instructed (I think. The lights blink slowly, but the off switch doesn't turn the unit off. Have to reset it for them to turn off.) I downloaded the app. I am able to locate the scooter thru real-time tracking, but the device shows as offline. Can't get it to respond to text messages and can't setup the sos phone number. :( My son is disabled and needs this scooter for college. Can't afford another one if it's stolen so I need this working. 1 star until it works.
R2BTSOTCTP29CV	4	CUTEST THING EVER! this charger is so cute only down side is that its poorly made the ports either come off or it just stops working. Either way my clients love it I would buy again for the 4th time!
R1LBZEWDWIAY83	5	CAN I SAY CUUUTE!!! I just got it today (very quick delivery) & it fit just right & it is sturdy so far & has a good grip & the design is 100% how it looks in the picture c:
R255EBTEU1ARIC	4	Problem lining up Very good protection. A little hard to put on and not moveable if it is not lined up
R2RQWVWVLH2AEG	1	One Star No good broke in 1 week
R2H67FUWA5HHIF	4	Good protector with a short lifespan. It's a great screen protector but like others have already mentioned the little tabs on the corners eventually peel up. These really should be sold in a multi-pack because you'll end up replacing it every month or two.
R1YJFXXJ73035R	5	Works well. Works well, has guide lines.
RQMGMIFYR6HE6	2	Matter of Time Once you use the case for a while it doesn't stay the same color and my white part is peeling.  Other then that it's a good case. But don't think I'll buy again
R20PNHAGA9R0SD	5	Super useful. This is so handy to have when you're out all the time, or doing long distance drives. I don't go anywhere without it.
R277ULVL0DIDTR	5	LG Transpyre Case!! Good case! Way better then the first one I bought for my phone. The first one didn't fit right and there wasn't a hard case!
R2MBAWDAIJT8JN	2	... the wall outlet are set lower than other models like this. The lower placement makes it so that ... The plug prongs that plug into the wall outlet are set lower than other models like this. The lower placement makes it so that the top of the charger blocks the 2nd outlet. In my opinion, I would prefer to have the use of my second outlet, so this is getting returned.
R32XYIXNJKNTMB	4	Four Stars Product was in good shape.. NEW.  It works perfect.
R2P74BYWNL7RLU	5	Feedback about the product This is an excelent radio fits perfect it was exactly what i was looking for
R2IC3JVX7GKKUG	5	I love the product It arrived on time as promised. I love the product! it holds my phone perfectly while it's charging and navigating for directions.
R28SDEPX9RLQOG	5	Five Stars I have extra if my screen protector brakes
R3FSEWO21UMD66	4	Excellent Quality Product The edges don't seem to seal on the Note 5, other than that it was very easy to install and I'm very happy with it so far.
R1PTY89FRK54U3	2	Two Stars The case is actually to big for the LG G4 phone.
R18PRWWWU1KC17	3	No tape included Ok, but it does not come with the adhesive to attach it to the screen,  so the calibration is of a bit since I had to use a different kind of tape.
R2O12U7QCDASDX	4	Four Stars protects the phone but with no screen cover it will get scratched.
R1OQR1RPKS4UQP	1	One Star One of them was bent upon arrival.  Will u replace.
R2EZS3J2KE3B9Y	5	Five Stars Works great, like it supposed to, would definitely recommend.
R23ZRIQTQ8DL8U	5	Great &#34;Really simple device - Fisheye lens and macro lens. + The macro lens is amazing - I was able to zoom in to text on the say the back of a crisp packet or look at the fine detail of the skin - my iPhone camera would not allow me to do this without the use of the lens. This is going to be really good for photography invertebrates and sections of plants as I go through the summer - brilliant. + I didn’t think too much of the fisheye lens - but it did do as designed - so depends on your needs +CPL lens-:Eliminate reflections or enhance saturation, and is great for removing unwanted reflections from non-metallic surfaces such as glass or water. These are really good and I can highly recommend - it’s amazing how cheaply you can improve your photography experience &#34;
RP4JUFCJ6WHIG	4	Four Stars Great battery case, love the removable colored frames. Would be nice if they offered more colors separately though!
R3TWY6KT3HZM32	1	One Star Awful phone. Over priced
R2UI4DP5PYCCB7	5	Five Stars best thing evah!
R3BEFCT793RW98	5	Five Stars Work great, price great
R2K7AQYLQPAE56	1	Not even close to a 600watt capacitance Hooked it up to a 100 watt per channel output.(with crossover for high output only) And it still damaged 2 of the 4 speakers i purchased.
R1NYX0ORPVTKF7	2	Not for steep air vents The unit is made very nice and sturdy, but if you have steeply angled air vents (such as the ones on a 2014 Hyundai Tucson), it's not practical to use.  Only recommend for air vents that have a more vertical orientation.
RF56U5XW6SM51	4	Runs all day with 50% left when other replacements died before the day was done. Bought to replace a disappointing battery from RayOVac/Batteries Plus which was not lasting a day.  Went to them after none of the $5 motorola batts sold online that I tried were out of date and wouldn't hold up.  This battery is lasting through the day with about a 50% drain, which is good for an old droid x.  The battery did fit in without a modified cover, but it was tight and I had to pressure the door a bit to get it to close.
R3A11T7LEE6WNV	5	Great product! As advertised! works great, cant beat the price!!!
R3IL1IEL2XG5GB	4	Pretty amazing GPS Pretty amazing GPS.  Very accurate, clear with a huge screen.  My only gripe is that it does not show where the red light cameras are.  That would really help considering we have so many in the NYC area.
R3F60C15DYH14T	3	Three Stars It runs a little big,
R34RNVUWY8E300	5	Five Stars perfect thank you
R3L8O57V4ICF0E	5	Five Stars fits my phone perfectly and it got delivered so quickly!
R3P3CO4AVBG3AA	5	great price, looks better then the pic Loooooove it, great price, looks better then the pic. Fast service. I will sure recommend it. I'm a happy client.
R14GJ4VESHJGBE	5	Five Stars Exactly what I was hoping to get! Tough but with a feminine touch. Thx!
R3RT4ZNNXPFRSG	4	This works great for phones both Apple and Android This works great for phones both Apple and Android , but my observation ipad charge up time is significantly (25%) slower than directly plugging into Apple Ipad Charger.
R39O98QCF1A29Y	3	I ordered one for a good price, and I ordered the right size I ordered one for a good price, and I ordered the right size, but it came in the wrong size. Wish it would've came in the right size. Other than that it was cool.
RWKZDKAGI4JXM	5	Five Stars Great Case for my phone :)
R3AG0GSKNGA3TH	5	Is perfect! It works perfect. Simple, fast charging works great with my s6 edge. The weight is less than the average of this charger size. And with a rapid charger, the choetec charges in less than 2 hours. Excellent. Recommended.
R2TQVMB8SOUYEF	4	Four Stars love it, so cute
RN3D0BMJD05TJ	4	Four Stars it does what I needed it to do.
R1K4AR3VWN4F4F	1	One Star Only two of the charger cables worked. The third cable did not work at all.
R32IEAQ749Q1N3	5	Five Stars great itim
R2H38X57UT5Y	5	Five Stars Very happy with my purchase.
R1FXLMDDZURFLE	1	Warning: Don't use this with gopro! The thing that holds my gopro in place snapped within 2 month of ownership. Good thing I did not lose my gopro! At first I have nothing but good things to say about this product but in time I realized it is the same as all the cheap quality selfie sticks I have seen. Go spend a little more money just to get the best quality.
R25YTTCLYY6IOI	5	Five Stars Ok
R37YI0FRZ6QOV8	5	great product. Friendly customer service, MOST IMPORTANT FAST SHIPPING All you could ask for!  I've owned a portable solar charger before but it was junk compared to this!  Lightweight and sturdy. A quality product! For the price you can't beat it! I do most of my travelling on a motorcycle, so not having a charger outlet becomes a hassle. This keeps my phone at 100% until I reach my destination. Customer service is also as good. Had a question regarding the product and received an answer within the hour. AWESOME PRODUCT AND CUSTOMER SERVICE
R2KWEH8KR3XUGC	4	Works well with my Galaxy S4, let the selfies begin! This is a fun little gadget! If you are like me and enjoy taking selfies and group photos but have a hard time getting everyone in the picture, this makes it SO much easier!  It's pretty small when folded down, which is nice because I can just toss it in my purse and take it out whenever needed for a fun picture or group photo. It held my Galaxy S4 with no problem, but it was a bit of a stretch for my husbands iPhone 6Plus. It may be suited to smaller phones, just to be sure that they are held in place nice and tight. Nothing will ruin a selfie quicker than having the phone come crashing down, right?  The Bluetooth was easy to pair and synced to my phone quickly. With the push of a button, I can take my pics and it has not given me any problems at all so far. I received one to review and have had a lot of fun playing around with it since it arrived. This would also definitely make an awesome gift for any selfie lover you might know!
RB5VAMZZCLBA6	5	So cute!!! I'm beyond thrilled with this product! My hands are really shaky so I could put it on 100% straight but it's so pretty! I just put it on and already received so many compliments, not to mention the extremely fast shipping 😍 It's worth every peny!
R369PX1RDU9R4W	5	I think it is a good product if used gently and responsibly I have seen some complaints about the EL lights not working after a short period of time, but I have had this cable most of the summer and use it once a day at night to recharge my phone. I have had no problem with this product and the lights still illuminate and &#34;move&#34; when charging a device. I think it is a good product if used gently and responsibly.
RFZGF1TTTQAR3	3	The phone I purchase from Amazon was sent to members ... The phone I purchase from Amazon was sent to members of the family friends I do not have any rating at this present time there was no complain from those family members about the phone its old phones are still working if the phone was in this country I could give it a 5 star but at this present time I could give it the three star but no complain
R3Q3LB6NG1DX2K	2	not water proof, but only water resistant. My ... not water proof, but only water resistant. My phone got wet when I took it underwater, but I continue to use this case when I take my phone near the water to protect from splashes.
R31VLR0UYJXY5A	1	Tips never registered on screen. Waste of money...tips don't  register on screen taps.
R2L35B2IOY4WQF	5	Five Stars Good product
R6F393SJ3JJ05	5	S6 Screen Protector, JETech This screen protector came equipped with all you need to clean and flatted the fit to perfection. It was easy to apply with no air bubbles. I love it!!! I recommend this product to everyone with a cell phone.
R2CO9ULFI37UZ3	1	You get what you pay for Poor sound quality people on other end of call could not hear me speaking...I guess you get what you pay for
R1PO8IZPKAECJ3	5	Five Stars Like it.
R3U3H7PA78HLDK	5	please make more. This is my favorite case. I broke the top part that snaps on and i decorated the back cover with expensive diamond pieces and i cant find a top snap on that will snap with this one. Is there any way you can make more of these? I also sell them after decorating them so i need more.
RE9E59FVHMIJ6	2	Two Stars Case discolors and scratches easily. Okay protection, but much better options out there for the price.
RH7VXABWRD2EO	5	Not only does the mount work great in the truck I'm a utility worker. I'm in my truck & utility rooms all day. Not only does the mount work great in the truck... The magnetic piece on the phone allows me to stick my phone on any bit of metal and work hands free. The Center console on my truck it also metal. No more digging between the seats to fish out the fallen phone... This little novelty item has really simplified my work day. Ive already recommended these handy little tool to my company and co workers... Great product.
R2123PON16P8DJ	5	Great product. The charger charges fast and the recharges your devices fast.  Great product.
RCOFASFD6AZSM	5	really strong material to hold your phone while jogging and ... really strong material to hold your phone while jogging and working out. I put it in on the sleeve of my shirt and it stays there while I work out.
RQ0B702WFM5FT	1	Bad quality Don't fit
R1KA59H3JNFDWH	5	Five Stars Great products great prices
R3FP8UWUJUDWB4	5	Five Stars Good
R22W8KZKXE838D	1	One Star think it may be why radio only worked 2 weeks
R1WTO1XHY3BD90	5	Five Stars Great.
R3A0XCLW8DO2FN	2	Two Stars band broke after 2 weeks and item lost
R15FLQWWPKKO6J	5	Five Stars Great Product. Just what I expected.
R2993LF9Q9SI5Z	5	Five Stars it's great
RTT86EBA0KCU5	4	Great! I think this phone case is great! I always love the idea of having a slot for a card or ID.  I use it when I go out at night and do not want to carry around a purse or some sort so I hold my ID in this.  Also, the case is very strong and cover the whole phone very well.  I dropped it numerous of time as well and I haven't had any scratches.  The case is very light as well and not too big making it easy to carry and bring around.  I review his product at a discount price in exchange for an honest review.
R1P1HW3B86VIX4	1	One Star Can't use it to store apps and the other huge space takers on my phone.
R2N17G0SP43896	5	Five Stars It is exactly what I was looking for, paid for and received.
R1OQUCT4O25QPN	4	Four Stars Nice and sturdy.
R143SQVIM3FNII	5	got them super quick, iv had them for a while now ... got them super quick, iv had them for a while now and the colors are still so vivid and not a single scratch on them and that's cause i drop my phone A LOT.
R35UMJD5A9TAYX	5	Perfect Item was exactly as stated! Cables were like new! Sync and all specified functions work perfectly.
R2HWTY3EFMUU7B	3	Thick, but not for high power systems. Very thick wire, seems to be true to gauge, but as it says is 90% aluminum, which isn't the best conductor. It was fine for what I'm running and the spot that I needed to fix, and should be fine as long as your amp is in the lower range of requiring a 4 gauge power cable, but I wouldn't use it for anything over 700w because of the heavy aluminum content. Good wire for the price, but it's better to go with a full copper wire.
RQGDDC7P2K406	2	Could be good but arrived missing key parts This looks like it could be a good tool but mine arrived with two of the locks missing the feet that hold the screen down, making it mostly useless.  I returned this one and bought  [[ASIN:B011KF8UHS something similar]] for significantly less and while I'm happy with the replacement it has less usable surface area so it won't lock on to anything bigger than an iPhone6.  That said I use it for heating the screen module then I separate it manually with an [[ASIN:B00SERJQUG iSesamo]], which is one of the best tools I have for this kind of work.
RFYKB2EXT3HSE	5	how great it is! II've had this for around a month or more now, and i love this product.  i really like the convenience of having my items in one place instead of strung all over the place like i had to have in the past.  it's easy to hook up the devices if it is done right.  i told 2 of my friends, and showed it to them, and they said that they were going to order it also since that they like how it looks, and the convenience of this product.  yes i would recommend this product to my friends and family.....
R1XHJUYLG82DIF	5	LOVE blu Love my blue. I can say this phone is all studio blue saz it is. The extras are fantastic to have. I ditched my high end android.. For this sleek beauty.. And happy I did.. Hats off to you studio blu ,keep up the good work..
R2L4KU4EQZ6B2M	5	Five Stars Great product.
R29N1C74R1BYSU	4	Has a good grip as well to avoid having the phone slip ... Fits the phone perfectly snug and looks slick.  Has a good grip as well to avoid having the phone slip out of my hands.
RJLFN8R1PKT0C	1	... was not what I thought it would be don't like it at This case was not what I thought it would be don't like it at all
RRMMT10ASMMNK	1	bad i've purchased 3 and they all tore apart in the same place.  cheap material for a cheap product. will never purchase again
R3M3UNESZ8TRI6	5	Love these! I go to gym on a daily basis and it's my habit to hear songs when I exercise. These earbuds are just perfect. These are sweat-proof and stays comfortably in the ear. The sound quality is too good and with hours of listening, my ears still comfortable. Love these! I am lucky to have them as a sample.
R3HJWMFTDR2WF0	5	I love this mini speaker I love this mini speaker. It's so useful and loud! I last a really long time around 4-5 hours for me. I had Prime so it arrived 2 days after I ordered it. The sound quality is very crisp. I'll order more for friends!!
R1N06JU4PBP39C	4	Four Stars it doethe job
R2X2XM7FPYYQPC	5	Five Stars Fit perfectly
RBWA6FQ4BKM6Q	5	Protects Nicely! This totally protects the screen on my Samsung Galaxy Note 4.
R3HO1RVFFVE9M6	5	Good sound Good sound.
R3RP8D0CO5Y4O0	5	Five Stars Works great!
R3KQ3B4TRN2RW8	4	Four Stars it is great
R4FS5WL34PR9M	5	Great quality I bought one and was pleased with the product quality. I just ordered two more for other family members.
RTMWVK3VEXZTJ	5	Right size Not too bulky Right size Not too bulky
R3JX7BX67O3AMF	5	I love it I love this case,is really useful and really good quality, it's been 6 months and still working like day one I definitely recommend this product.
R15V2JIXBXVERT	5	Awesome ! Love this car charger! My favorite part is that I can charge my phone while someone else who is in my car can as well. It also charges my iPhone 5c very quickly which I love in case of an emergency. Would buy another!
R28FKPHC5YDIHA	4	Really nice phone case wallet I love the case. It came on time and came with a screen protector and small stylus, which was a great surprise. Only reason I cant give it 5 stars is because you can only put some muc b cash and cards in it. I can only handle like 4 cards with little cash. But all in all a good buy
R23TSZD0M679FH	5	Five Stars Good!
RDJEMNB4VP260	5	works awesome There awesome and people if the pen can Work on your photo me is good and it's even better for the price!!
R1QG70EH4KNZNV	5	Perfect fit for my iPhone 4 Perfect fit for my iPhone 4...totally fixed my power connection and detection (when the software disable the speakers because it falsely detects being docked).
R3MLDWW07RW129	3	good feel to this phone Good phone but not for people that are not tech savvy
R2ZSZSBG791GP8	2	It works mostly but doesn't connect to the Garmin app ... It works mostly but doesn't connect to the Garmin app and sometimes it just quits tracking you. Also stops if you don't move over a large area. Get something else.
RTRWA8IWNY0AE	3	Used to work great... I bought these in August and at $20 I wasn't expecting much, but they were great. Two days ago they started cutting in and out, the left ear  crackles, gets quiet, stops working, headphones disconnect, reconnect, work for a bit, repeat. Sometimes it turns off without telling me and I just lose all sound instantly. The longest these go without crackling now is about 10--20 minutes
R2USQREJK9Y18I	5	best case, slim Love it, good fingerprint access and buttons work correctly.
R3DQAYQ08V488I	4	The other problem was the audio speaker went out also the battery life is not good but I use Wi-Fi I heard that's why I've had this phone for a couple months now, it's a serious upgrade to my first gen iphone that I was using but my only problems with this phone is that after only about 1 month my screen cracked at the bottom it was never dropped or set down hard it was unexplained I just woke up one morning and there was a crack its nothing major. The other problem was the audio speaker went out also the battery life is not good but I use Wi-Fi I heard that's why. All in all I really love this phone so far I am very happy I bought it and no contract!! You can't beat that for the price of this phone. Its really fast too.
R3VPMWEPJ15I1W	3	Nice device but mine did not come with directions so ... Nice device but mine did not come with directions so I have no idea if I'm using it correctly hence the 3 stars. But that light feature is awesome!!
R1ZC2HH9DLESC9	5	Five Stars Good product
R1Q8HS7SLHG3JC	1	Never got it. Good thing it was so cheap.
REIFJKAG7EGMP	2	Two Stars Couldn't get bubbles out.  Cracked when I tried to lift and re-postion.
R10NNB4MXDAQYE	4	Provided great video proof of a recent traffic accident What a great little recorder! Video quality is great. It's funny that I get a note to review this device only a few days after I witness a traffic accident where both drivers claimed &#34;the light was green&#34;. My recorder captured the entire event and provided proof of liability for the driver that ran the traffic light. The only issue that I have is that the &#34;emergency&#34; mode recording is triggered extremely easily (perhaps by going over a speed bump with anything buy extreme care). Setting the sensitivity to low (or even high) makes no difference. The bracket provided, while fine for most applications, did not have the range of motion needed for my car and where I needed to mount it. I had to hack up the bracket and cobble in some plastic pieces to fit the camera in front of the rear-view mirror where it would not interfere with my vision.  Otherwise a great, inexpensive product that I highly recommend.
R2JMEF4P9Z2JSL	3	It goes away when music is playing and then it actually sounds darn good. I tried a ground loop isoltator like others ... I use this to play music from my phone in my truck.  Works as advertised except for 2 problems:  1)There is a buzzing noise through the radio when no music is playing from my phone.  It goes away when music is playing and then it actually sounds darn good.  I tried a ground loop isoltator like others have recommended.  It did remove the noise, but also degraded the sound quality, so I'd rather just deal with the buzzing during the rare times no music is playing.  2) The unit does automatically connect to my phone when I start up the truck, but, for some reason the music plays through my phone speaker instead of this bluetooth unit unless I disconnect and reconnect the bluetooth, every time.  I have 5 other bluetooth systems around that are no problem - if I play music while connected, they just work, but this one is the only one that doesn't automatically play nice with my phone.
R38LMTD6H3DSYN	5	great for cool photos allows for cool photos
R1HG3A8ENJWZS3	4	Really good fit on the phone Really good fit on the phone, but sometimes the rubber doesn't grab the plastic edge. Otherwise excellent and good prtection for the device.
R1Q92H37798AMK	5	Five Stars Great Product!!! fast Shipping!!
R2IYSJTGT1DDOB	5	Wireless Charger This wireless charger works great for the Samsung Galaxy Note 5. All you will need is a wall adapter plug and you are good to go. Make sure to place the disc in the center of the phone to work properly. The screen will show a blue ring with a battery percentage in the center  that indicates it's charging. It is only a little over 2.5 inches so it will not take much space. For the price it is a great deal.
R1NX7AO33VXXN9	4	Like the wallet design It is functional and protect my kid's iPhone well very. I like the wallet feature. The case is not as tight-fitting as I like.
RRJ53CPSL2K2K	1	Disappointed Disappointed with this product.  I purchased this to use with my Samsung S4 and was hoping that I could just plug it in and take photos, but no, I had to download the Camera360 app.  Once I downloaded the app, I was able to take photos, but noticed that this stick is tempermental - sometimes a light touch takes a photo, and other times I am repeatedly holding down the button and nothing happens.  Also, after having taken a  few photos, I thought that they would automatically be saved to my phone gallery, not so with the camera360 app. Once you take a photo with this stick you have to actually save it manually to your phone gallery.  I also tried this stick with my S5 and it didn't work, and I didn't want to download the camera app. Overall, would not recommend.
R10092JBH5HHQQ	5	Five Stars l like its so cool
R3238JQE8IBINW	1	GARBAGE!!!!!! These cords are junk. Most of them stopped working within the same day!!! I had 1 cord last a week....
R1P6DVHVK5KSKR	5	Five Stars Thank you for your dealings and goods Good
R12X0U65FL1R93	5	Five Stars Good!
R3FCG7XVPW43DI	4	Great product - It does what it's supposed to do! The case does just what is says it will do.  I use it all the time when outdoors gardening and boating. I can operate the iPhone very well while it is inside the case and even take and make phone calls. It isn't water resistant when you're wearing headphones because the headphone cord keeps you from closing the seal tight.  My one reservation is the lanyard. I like it because my iPhone doesn't fall out of my pocket when I bend down. However the phone swings around on the lanyard and get's in the way. I have to tuck the phone into my belt or pin the lanyard to my shirt to keep the phone from swinging around on the lanyard.  I recommend this product, especially for people who spend a lot of time outside.
R1FO7U805IE69O	5	Five Stars I love this cable. It's exactly what I needed for my desk at work!
R7WNGHZFSU7CX	1	One Star It doesn't cover the edges of my phone that well and cased my phone screen to get cracked
R7HZSNZT1NT8R	2	Snap closure, bad design This case is beautiful, however it has a snap closure that you need to press down hard against the glass of the phone to close. Not a good design.  If it were a magnetic closure, I would have given this 4 stars, but it's not worth it.
R1SB3UZMLCE42A	5	and it's easy to slip on and take off It fits perfectly on my Note 4, and it's  easy to slip on and take off. It feels sturdy and durable. Very satisfied.
R2V2NLR2RVW535	5	Price is right I love that I can get these so cheap and have simple, secure mounts for my device on all of my human powered vehicles.
R24R7ERS7TX7X1	4	Appears to be a great case. Hard plastic with rubber edging Appears to be a great case.  Hard plastic with rubber edging.  Also like the screen protector that is included.  Have no problems using the touch screen with it.  I just wish the colors wouldn't have been more pastel.  There was a  darker purple one from someone else I liked better but didn't have the touch screen protector this one did.  So white is a good substitute.
R31M8UKARGXIDG	5	Five Stars Works well
R3W4Z5UX5GN50Z	3	have used easer products seems small and did not separate with the application tabs well.  it seems strong but just a little too small for the DS.
R226246TSCLJXR	5	Fantastic product. Luckily I haven't had a chance to ... Fantastic product.  Luckily I haven't had a chance to test it for impact protection, but love how the coating keeps fingerprints way down.  Bought another screen protector for a different phone I bought for another family member at the same time, it does nowhere near as good a job.
R1667JWAE3R4P9	2	Two Stars Very quit speakers
R33V5BL6WIZYR	5	im happy with it Does what it says it does! Not light on it but its no problem.. im happy with it.
R2LJ5KQPLW70FQ	4	Well done and inexpensive Excellent holster for such a low price. When my wife lost her holster I expected a Blackberry-branded replacement to cost much more. This one is just fine--sturdy and serviceable. Highly recommended for a name brand, sturdy functional replacement holster.
R31FQUMQX9VAFH	5	The build quality is excellent. You have 2 options to secure a piece ... Just received mine. The build quality is excellent. You have 2 options to secure a piece of ferromagnetic metal to your phone, a small disk or a rectangle that is thinner and smaller than a credit card. These can be attached with peel and stick adhesive or placed between your phone and your case. I chose the latter, since I have a simple Belkin case on my iPhone. The device fits securely into my air vent, and the magnetic force is adequate. No problems to report.
R2JJZVGXQ1ULRX	4	Four Stars Is what they say
RIL0V7PBT010G	1	I am disappointed. I was excited when I received it but after a few days and my little girl grabbed and dropped it the case chipped on the side. I thought it was durable. I am disappointed.
R1G68ZZY5VJMTO	5	Comfortable and soft Fit my Samsung Galaxy S4 perfectly. Comfortable and soft.
R1DIAPJA2OXSJM	5	Excellent case, great price Had an excellent transaction with vendor. Item exactly as described. But, on to the actual case itself. It's a very snug fit, all the buttons and holes are perfectly aligned. Within minutes of putting the case on for my wife, she dropped the phone on our hardwood kitchen floor, not a scratch or even a mark. The only thing is the lack of directions, which should definitely be looked up before putting on the screen protector. I was never a fan of 2 piece cases, but this one looks nice, has done a great job protecting the phone so far, and was an excellent value. When I upgrade my phone(or my wife's), this is the first place I'll look for a case for it.
RQQLWFYN93OOT	5	Five Stars Ad advertised
R3UPE8R8BAXFYG	5	Five Stars Works great!
R1XAMZJUX0VXBH	5	Stop looking! Just buy these. Ridiculously cheap for the great quality! This is it. Stop looking I read all the reviews and bought about 10 diffrent kind. When I clicked yes I accidentally hit the wrong size. The seller corrected my mistake no problem! These are perfect allot of the rubber cases attract hair and dust, these have a great finish. Allot of watch cases don't fit the buttons the right way or block the crown, these line up perfectly. Bonus is the charger cable holder! This deal is amazing!
R3SLL920N1S2F0	5	good quality. Didn't help my cell as my power ... Rugged cable, good quality. Didn't help my cell as my power jack is bad but worked perfectly on other usb items! Amazons price was a third of the truck stop price and half of other stores for this same item. I will buy one for every charger I have.
RT1MDDKJ2EZKC	2	Won't last very long The first one lasted me about 9 months before the door on the back cracked off, not too bad for $15. However the latest one is less than two months old and has already failed. No thanks.
R2C5Y1X8AEH2A3	5	Good stuff Everything went perfectly fine
R237XSZ395K875	5	Impressed After receiving a replacement for a defective part,  it works perfect! Great quality and fantastic customer attentiveness.
R16UN2HAUDX11U	5	I love this product I love this product. It charges itself quickly and charges my phone faster than plugging it into the laptop or wall. The battery also lasts a long time for me. I traveled on and off the last month to 3 different locations and this definitely came in handy to charge my phone when I was out and about. It fit easily in my bag and has enough power to charge my phone through multiple charges. I was even able to offer my friends' phones some juice because of how well this held up. I highly recommend this product, it was worth the price for me!
R2M9HT956FQNCG	4	Four Stars Works great at a reasonable price
RDTFO1480EIH0	5	Five Stars Very easy to put on camera!  Love it!
RD86LG281LZN7	1	One Star No instructions, and it didn't stick correctly.
RD4A80I5JDHED	5	Virtual Fun! I was a bit skeptical about how cool the virtual reality headsets would be. I thought there's no way they can be as fun and amazing as people claim. That was, until I got these in the mail! I downloaded a few apps, a Rollercoaster simulator, a couple mazes, and of course being me and the zombie fanatic I am, zombie shooter ones. As the person using them they are amazing. ALL you see is what's on the screen and it really does feel like you're there. This set blocks out all excess light and fits a variety of heads! My husband is even more skeptical on EVERYTHING than I am and even he enjoyed it! My boys didn't want to give my phone back after they tested it out but this mama needed it... so she could keep playing with the VR herself lol. The controller was very easy to connect to my phone and came with the batteries needed for it which was great because we don't typically have AAAs lying around the house. If you are in the market for a great VR headaet, these are AMAZING!  Side note, my best friend and coworker lived these too, he walked around with the headset on and open for like 10 minutes before he even got to try the apps out. We both thought it was hilarious that he looks like the guy from trailer park boys with the cats lol. There is an included image of that!.  I got these at a discount for my honest review!
R2N97HTAUXAX7A	5	A must have!!! This is a awesome deal!! I was able to use the car charger to plug in a mini speaker, my cell phone and a mp3 player, all at the same time! My car radio went out and i love my music, but I didn't want to run down my device batteries, so i plugged them in and it was great! Also, this is a KIT, it comes with a hands free set up too, all i had to do was stick the metal piece to my cell and attach the magnet to a car vent. It was that easy! So now, I can enjoy hands free cell calls, and listen to my favorite music or charge my devices, all at the same time! Love it!!
R11KMRNXQSU082	2	It does charge Takes way too long to charge.  It takes about 5 and a half without the phone in it.
R33UO4GP3IY6RL	5	It works absolutely great. We had to use it last week for ... We use it at work to connect Ipad to TV.  It works absolutely great.  We had to use it last week for a meeting.
R1J2DMISJY1YKK	5	Five Stars our kids love this product. no more dead phones
R1L617BYNPQ3NU	5	... ordered this case because fall out boy is my favorite band. it actually came in the mail sooner ... so i ordered this case because fall out boy is my favorite band. it actually came in the mail sooner than the expected delivery date said, which is a  big plus. didnt have a problem putting the case on my phone which is  a samsung galaxy S3. the only problem with it which is really minor, if you put the case on, it stays on, and i mean  its sorta hard to get off. but other than that its awesome. great quality. would recommend!
R227S1EN7EWS0G	5	Good Buy Very sturdy and hold my iphone 6 in place. Great product.
R1MK9HPFOCMFRN	1	Should come with super glue My first thoughts was that this case is great, until the lock that keeps it shut snapped off.. Haven't even had it for a week yet.... The worst part is that I read all the reviews before I bought it and knew other people had this problem, but I still bought it anyway....
R1GU6IYZQWQE8X	2	Crappy lining... too expensive to fall apart!  :( These sounds great but have some serious UX and quality flaws. the inner lining of the earphones is only GLUED, not stitched... so it recently started to tear away from the foam padding. Really not ok. Has seriously affected the functionality.  :(  :(
R1M94F1MIFQG0A	4	Four Stars My GPS can't fit in it if connected to the power.
R202JWV45OPAD7	5	Prefect Loved this case worked beautifully underwater ordered it specifically for a trip to the Dominican Republic and I'm so happy I got it!!!!
R2J4T7694QSD5M	5	works just fine! Easy to install works as described with my iphone 6 don't have to take the phone out of its protective case either.  Easy to mount.  No complaints here!
R1VTEP0SKC8XV8	5	It looks very nice, protects mobile when falling It looks very nice, protects mobile when falling. One single drawback is that these drawings of butterflies start to disappear a little at a time.
R3V6D5QBEWZM1B	4	Works well. This is a replacement for an old ... Works well.  This is a replacement for an old cover that was placed in dryer by mistake (heat melts an inner liner).  The seat does slide as I enter and exit the car, that is my only complaint.  There is another model that is advertised as non-slip but I didn't purchase it.  I had my last one for over 10 years with no problems.
R2XKOGACXHCTWB	5	So far this LCD seems like a great buy. Installed this last night. Followed a video on youtube and the install went perfectly. Screen looks like the original screen, from the LG logo and finish on the grey area at the bottom all the way to the perfect fit of the glass. If I didn't replace it myself I would think its the stock screen. The digitizer had no dead spots and seems to be very responsive. Screen looks clear and bright, I can't tell any difference in quality from the original. As long as it keeps working long term I will be very happy with this  purchase.  Tools included were great, suction cup worked and made the job much easier, pry tool and guitar pick tool worked great. Only tiny complaint was that the screw driver end seemed too small, felt like it was going to strip the screws out, so I went and got a better quality little bit wider screw driver from my tool box and it worked great.
R2A5J1TGCYMI7J	5	Five Stars Great product. Sturdy and shock resistant at the same time.
RW5N93CRVNRM4	5	Using my DECK unit as a surrogate boating radio - Phenominal! This was on my 2014 Christmas list and Santa didn't come :^( but it was in the high 100's at the time. Around $50 this is an absolute steal.  I bought this to use on my boat as the radio was in it's last stages. Using the Deck unit with connection to my cellphone was phenominal to say the least. We put the unit on the dash or wherever. The sound was very good and loud enough to hear behind the boat up to 20 feet with intesity and clarity. Everyone was impressed that you could get this much quality sound out of such a small unit. I ran my DECK all afternoon from 12pm - 6pm continuously with no issues.  Being able to now drive our listening from songs loaded to my Android phone or via streaming on Rhapsody was over-the-top. I can't say enough for how well this performs (at least in my application).
R1C0OJL4JBFZ4T	1	Basically garbage. Stopped working on day 45. Amazon says its ineligible for return. Pretty disappointed!
R26IIHLII2DRSD	5	Five Stars love this
R3LDWTSJX0YHRC	5	Five Stars love these things
RCE9WVE8M8FXZ	5	... it is so portable they stick well and are great in high it like in my car in the ... Out of all the NFC tags you get with offer the key chain one is the one I use the most because it is so portable they stick well and are great in high it like in my car in the hot florida sun.
R1CZ6Q25I75G5R	5	Beautiful and Unique Case Great phone case!! Very unique and attractive. Exactly what I was looking for. Beautiful design.
R27PO5D1OKX91Q	5	Five Stars no issues
RPGCQKCHAFSGH	5	Five Stars We love these! They last a long time!
RVAO5RYM233RJ	5	Clever claw keeps call-makers cool This does a great job at holding your device your way.  I chose dashboard mounted and took the advice of other reviews and used the supplied  little disk as a base. The method it uses to lock and unlock the device from its &#34;claw&#34; is outstanding. It's a little ugly, but who isn't!
R2IWKEZD9U8YTW	4	Charger hole issues I like the case. It is not as big as the otter box, which has some disadvantages, but it also has advantages. The biggest problem I hav is probably not the case manufacturers problem. The iPhone chargers fit perfect, but other chargers may not fit through the charger hole in the case.
R2UL5C73VJQHDA	4	It's a really great cd player It's a really great cd  player. The one thing is it makes the cds  really really hot. But other than that it works well and is a great cd player. It's easy to install and we'll worth the money
RFNQG8XBLWAO	3	LED Light Problem This battery pack appeared to work fairly well at first.  It was capable of charging iPhone 6 Plus.  But after using it a few times, the LED light stopped being able to turn off.  The battery pack still works, but it probably won't hold a charge for weeks since the LED light drains the battery.
R1DKUZLNAWIUGM	5	This is the best portable charger I have ever used This is the best portable charger I have ever used. It charged my galaxy s5 4 times and my galaxy s4 once all in one charge. It has been great!
RPBYEUMICMOIS	1	Take a dagger and shove it in your eye Dose not work, waste Of money
R3MJIPA4P4U3PN	3	It Depends On What Your Expectations Are The piece where the wires attach can be an issue in tight space applications, such as motorcycle fairings. The center-mounted tweeters rotate 180 degrees for directional purposes. There is also a button/switch on the tweeter, but I'm not 100% sure of its purpose. The instructions provided are minimal at best. Better instructions would have resulted in at least one more star for this review.
R1WPRIS0485ZHW	5	A great flat cable, perfect for a clean desk. I've been using this lightning cable at work for the last week and love it. I sit in a cubicle and am always trying to keep my surface area clean. The design of this flat cable allows me to run the cable up the back wall and easily clip it into place to keep it organized. The cable works perfectly for charging your iphone and ipad. Quality is very good, I highly recommend it.
R33UTB147U6UDB	5	Best Cardboard viewer I've used. This is perfect and fits the Note 4 without shutting off or adjusting volume. The switch works perfectly and it fits great.
R1FQY5VD2QP2U	5	awesome!!!!! love it
R3212FPTIS8JPK	5	Five Stars Thank you!
RGIYLZL085ZZ7	1	One Star stopped working after few days  horrible......
R8T0LITMAW07Z	3	Quality is good, but it has sharp edges and very uncomfortable ... Quality is good, but it has sharp edges and very uncomfortable to hold. I will return it. I wish they fix this flaw.
R1IJ7VVGCTPICH	5	Not your Grandfather's FM Transmitter! Works flawlessly, very satisfied with this product! I was skeptical to purchase after the nightmare the old school FM transmitters were, not any more... the iClever proves that it can be done right... if you are on the fence I strongly encourage you to make the purchase, great gadget at an awesome price!
R1B7AWJFS2SD23	1	Didn't last more than 3 months. Only 3 months of use and it is already falling apart. I'm convinced there is no good lightning cables out there.
RCZ9K6Q6LNHXL	5	Quality holster at a great price!! I have had this holster for about a month now, and it is holding up extremely well. It appears to be very rugged and well constructed. It is also very versatile, because it can be attached to a belt in a variety of ways. As shown in the pictures, it has a heavy duty metal clip which will allows it to attach vertically to a belt, but it also has provisions to allow a belt to looped through the holster either vertically or horizontally, eliminating the possibility of becoming unhooked from the belt. It also comes with a &#34;D&#34; ring to enable a 4th way to attach the holster to a backpack or whatever. It holds my BLU 6.0 phone perfectly and securely. I would highly recommend this quality product for those of us who do not put our phones in our pockets.
RQAC0CER39PJT	3	The giraffe emblem seems like it will pick off easily bc its just coated ... Ok case. The giraffe emblem seems like it will pick off easily bc its just coated on top of the silicon case. Great value though!
RX42RGC15TCC	5	great Works good and its worth $25
R188VCJPTV1KUH	4	Four Stars Yes it did thank you
R3QM0O6011NXF1	5	Great product! Great product!!!  The range is excellent.  I have walked up to 45 feet from the receiver and it was still linked.  Sound quality is very good.  Does not get interference/humming noises like I saw in other reviews when in use and on the charger at the same time.
R1KUTU97SV3VZV	3	Should be a tad bit stronger. Plastic already snapped :-(
R3O8X005O5OXSP	1	NOT WORTH!!! WASTE OF MONEY!!! It’s not smooth, I feel sticky while swiping. Need to buy another.
RXSY5EMOBKAM4	5	Money well spent FTDI is headache free! Outstanding Cable! It is absolutely worth spending the extra money to get a genuine FTDI Cable, Works flawlessly !!!
R112WSKLXOM4F6	5	Five Stars Workes awesome
R15KC8SCXCB808	5	Five Stars Reliable
R22W9LQW72MF84	3	thumping noise Makes thumping noise every now and then when radio is on
R11DSO398S9P6B	5	This little green machine charges full and fast. I suffer from dying electronics quite often. I use this as a backup in case I need it. It's saved me quite a bit of hassle keeping my Samsung tablet from dying  (if you own an andriod, you know the battery life goes quick). The size is small, but it holds a lot of charge. It can charge my tablet to 100% while using it. I'm sure it has plenty of juice left to charge my phone (also an android, but never use it) since it charges quick and is very small, I can take it to concerts to save my camera from losing charge... its a high quality product and built well. green is my favorite color too so the Bytech battery pack wins! I received this at a promotional price in exchange for an honest review
R1CYIRFIML6P3G	3	Three Stars Not waterproof....at all
R1JNWIFP3BYM5R	5	Five Stars Picture resolution is awesome.
R1HOG4JK912KKD	5	Nice one It doesn't slip and slide around when I start sweating.
R2EIL5YFC1IKYU	2	Two Stars They didn't fit in my phone, and would not seal the port.
R2BC3OURSWK1IS	5	Five Stars Good durable phone cases and in a timely manner
R2YF2O3W73H3TH	1	Don't waste your time and money. Not worth it. The mic is too heavy that it pulls out the other side.
R1NMREINGT3FPO	5	Works as expected Not the best case, but one of the few that fits the wireless charging back cover for the S5. It fits quite well and the material seems decent enough.
R1X7NIZ91FV31F	5	Five Stars Love it
R3LT2JKQYZLBPS	5	Five Stars Fits well.
R396UVTR26AH4J	4	INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO CONNECT ****READ THIS***** The latest android update has caused a lot of the apps previously used to connect your watch to your phone unusable. I was FINALLY able to get this watch to work in full capacity after downloading an app called (SmartWear) in the google play store. The current icon used looks like a black square with a white border and thin blue line representing the hands of a clock. Yes I have the latest version of Android as of 9-2-2015 and this is the only app that has worked for me afeter trying like 7 apps before.  (Make sure to do the following instructions immediately back to back. If one disconnects while the other is connecting go back and try to reconnect meaning if the bluetooth fails to connect while Smartwear is attemptingto connect go back to the bluetooth and attempt to pair again keeping both programs attempting to connect simultaneously.  It may take a few tries more or less but it will eventually connect fully.  To connect the watch using SmartWear app: run the app asking it to search for the watch (WHILE ITS SEARCHING/connecting), then go into the bluetooth settings ON YOUR PHONE then do a scan. You should see the option (Smart Watch) choose it. Once connected go into your phones setting for that connection and choose to connect the call audio and media audio. Once these options are selected my phone allows the SmartWear app to fully connect to my watch.  I will do my best to respond to any comments. Good luck!!
R2771JH4EB5XJR	4	This is is really cool for the price but cheap Update: died and unfroze and still very impressive.  This is is really cool for the price but cheap. I have had it for three days and not it has froze. I'm gonna return if it doesn't work once it dies.
R2YBJ3UOBG2P5	4	Four Stars Good product
R1R2O9BPHRTTPJ	2	Very OLD battery - Performs worse than the original battery it replaced After about 2 years, the battery life on my i5 was down to about 4 hours of typical use, so I figured I would get a new battery.  The highest rated battery with tool kit on Amazon would not ship to my location outside of the &#34;48&#34;, so I went with another seller's product.  The tools are fairly low quality and I broke one of the plastic pry tools during first use.  The other, smaller tool was able to get the job done (there are 4 different plastic pry tools in the kit; 2 guitar picks and 2 chisel-like tools).  The replacement of the battery was quite simple with the only challenge getting the separation of the screen from the back case a bit of a challenge (look up YT videos on the process and be slow, gentle, and patient).  The reason for 2 stars is due to the tools being &#34;functional&#34; for the task.  If it weren't for the tools, this would be a 1-star review as the battery itself has proven to be essentially worthless.  It is identical to my original battery in all markings except one: It's old.  Very old.  the original battery in my phone has a manufacture date in 2013.  The &#34;new&#34; battery I received with this order has a manufacture date of 2012, so it has been sitting on a shelf for 3 years.  I've had the battery in the phone for several days now and run it through several charge/discharge cycles to be sure, but I can't get the &#34;new&#34; battery to run my phone for more than about 3 hours.  I'll be popping my phone back open and putting my original battery back in so I can get at least 4 hours and then looking for yet another battery source to see if I can find a newer battery that will function at near original capacity levels.  At least I have the tools now, so I can search for just the battery.
R2370GRAA2UKPP	1	The worst wasn't even the case I wanted it was a ... The worst wasn't even the case I wanted it was a Fake imitation case of Kate spade and was very  piss about it
R2XV7PTPAV6T69	4	Four Stars Great, loved it. Perfect for my car.
R1BLN5KZD4W8V8	3	Three Stars had some discoloring under the flap
R24LTWIQ6K3MKQ	5	Great hands-free kit at a great price I got this for my wife when Amazon had it on sale.  I read a lot of bad reviews for many bluetooth hands-free car kits over the last couple months.  This one caught my eye because although there were only a few reviews, they were favorable overall.  I decided to give it a try considering the low price and considering the great Amazon return policy.  I installed this for my wife and routed the cables out of the way.  I paired it with her new iPhone and showed her how to control the unit.  She is a happy camper.  She is far from tech savy but she has no problem remembering and operating the simple controls.  The audio quality of the microphone isn't as great as my factory system but it really is good quality -especially considering the low cost.  The audio quality for streaming music from her phone is great and that is how the unit is used 99% of the time.  We don't use the cigarette ligher USB adapter portion of the kit because I already bought her one that is much better quality.  That said, the one included with this kit seems to be good quality and that was a surprise.  She keeps it as a spare -just in case.  We are very happy with this unit and I am considering getting one myself.  My factory hands-free unit only supports calls over bluetooth and I want one of these to handle music streaming.
RRIPS6OK3BP8B	5	So nice, going to order twice! I am extremely pleased with this charger for the ease of use...no special spots to find.  What I love is the price.  This is far less expensive  than the phone store prices...now I can have upstairs/downstairs units.  The price is great for students and retirees.
R1532SJ8VZFAHC	2	Touch screen is very poor. It respond too late and need to press ... Touch screen is very poor. It respond too late and need to press hard. Not a good phone to have.
RPFEQGW404NYP	5	Mount for GPS Just what I needed. Offers great flexibility for mounting GPS.
R3MSLS9OIVT52S	5	Five Stars It's simple and easy to use.
R217ZXQBR6FUGR	2	I do not like Very slow reaction. I do not like it
R3488RPI2SYQEH	5	Five Stars love it
RYV55FRPIRI92	5	Five Stars Perfect for the upgrade I needed.
R2G7LPF07PS19Z	5	Good deal Great price for this size charger. Works fine.
R1OVNC63C3N66A	5	SNOOP NO MORE! Delivered May 3, 2015 It does the job. (I still have it)  I have to admit my boss does not see a thing! (replace Boss to whoever you're trying to hide the screen from) but in reality i love this thing.  I kid you not!! my coworkers complain that they can't see when i'm trying to show them &#34;instagram&#34; pics.  They actually have to hold the phone in order to see what i'm trying to show them.  Caveat!!! when taking a picture high or low you won't see the screen which is a bummer but I can live with that and It's not why i got it in the first place.
R3U0UPEC80AVXQ	1	I've had no luck programing this unit at all. ... I've had no luck programing this unit at all. at one point I was able to transmit but now it will not transmit and in dual channel mode it emits a constant beeping noise.
R3O0LKKOXVXTSH	5	Five Stars EXCELLENT SERVICE GREAT
R11HAFYPLU7RSC	4	Four Stars My son loved it! The only bad thing about it is that the battery runs out too fast.
R1BNEFH9QYSBDP	1	One Star Not good at all.
R3W0CET0DTYBVS	3	Good for the price This worked perfectly for the phone , the only issues is the plastic. The plastic surrounding this chipped off very easily revealing a  shiny black plastic instead of a matte plastic . The Stylus was junk in fact a dollar store stylus lasted longer than this .
R12399Q8WKJGXI	1	One Star Tracker has quit working after 1.5 months.
R3GIZ5IZ04J666	4	does fit perfectly and is really good protection for the Go The case, while slightly pricey, does fit perfectly and is really good protection for the Go!
R2FN54Q2GJI3AG	5	good protection of the phone but looks like it does ... good protection of the  phone but looks like it does not exist
R2TUA8XPK84HCH	1	Poor performance - no confidence Often the detector doesn't go off when you think it should (when you come into contact with patrols on the freeway). I drive by an airport every day and the detector doesn't go off until it is right next to the radar, seems like it would recognize it further out especially such a strong signal. Regardless, ran up on a radar gun today (on opposite side of freeway) and the detector never alerted me. Again seems like it would have triggered an alert. My friends had one over 15 years ago that seemed to work better. For reference the detector was mounted level at the highest point on my windshield. Albeit I have limited experience with radar detectors.  You need confidence in a detector and I don't have any in this model.
R21U4MSHC1N7QX	5	Five Stars Thank you
RJO5E3QTRJ77W	5	This was everything I was hoping for. Reviews of ... This was everything I was hoping for. Reviews of various products were kind of iffy and I was worried that this might be a dud...but it turned out to be a winner. I have no hesitation in recommending it.
R1O2TKYPGF91EX	5	Five Stars Loved it
R36SKF7GMGASR	2	Fair Product! Fair.. Not as good as I thought it would be..
R3CSYYI4KTFGB	5	good good
R259HM2AFOAXO	4	Four Stars Really nice case, sturdy and functional
RDOEE88HJW1WP	5	Five Stars great
R24QWGA2VOKZMM	4	Good I really love the look of this case it is slim and smooth, I do worry about losing the gold piece especially on this phone since the pieces are so thin, but so far the case has held its own quite well. Very happy to have been able to sample this case, would recommend.
RW5YCZW006TKD	3	cute design Super cute. Fits in my back pocket perfect though the material is PVC tends to crack easy. But love the design
R1LL7TEY2GDYBQ	4	Four Stars It suited our purposes perfectly
R4BV0X8WRCD8	5	Works well Fits my phone perfectly. Soft and keeps my phone protected
RM2HEQ61G0RUO	5	Beautiful case, great fit Awesome case! Bought this as a back up case, but I already use it more than the main case. The colors are fabulous, very sharp looking, and it doesnt come loose at the corners, so I don't play with it and ruin it like so many other cases I've bought.  For tactile people the waves on the back are superfun to run your hands over. I don't normally like gild, but this is soft and offsets the blue bery nicely
R3HVYSBA8FY5XO	5	Five Stars very useful
R3L3F08IGTCU4Y	1	The "ink" in the front came off very easy. I got mine in the mail the other day ,and the day after it had already started to break down. The &#34;ink&#34; in the front came off very easy.
R3D7WSZNG4YLT8	5	Five Stars Things kick ass recommend an amp 100%
R1DKCKRCNUCRK5	5	Five Stars Love it.
R3D2I13IDF1JOW	5	Charges at a good rate, works great Use this for my Note 5. Charges at a good rate, works great.
RW324O7W6ZKQ5	5	and they are awesome! Very well made and sturdy Haven't use this case yet, but I have it in another color....and they are awesome!  Very well made and sturdy!
R1H0I29NIIN4MQ	2	Phone Not New Phone looks and works great, unfortunately it wasn't NEW.....numbers in the call log and pictures in the phone gallery when received . Very disappointed!
R241NQHOAKFCWB	3	Item returned, not what I expected. It was not what I expected. I return the item.
R1RG9FATGL7E07	3	Three Stars It is coming apart and it is made of cardboard!  Also, the sparkles get all over your hands.
R30MB1MM7TMZ31	4	Four Stars Its fine
R3AE4HQV2Z2YR6	5	Five Stars same as original that comes with phones.. very fast charging
R3M7BHVEX818SP	5	Very protective! Very protective, I've dropped my phone countless time and not even a scratch yet! These cases work great for my family and you can't beat the price!
R27WCKAQHIY349	5	Great Case! One of the best cases.  I can put all my cards in it and it doesn't scratch my phone.  It is soft and not too big. I would definitely order it again.  Was sent to me so fast!
R1ROUQNTRH0PQB	2	Two Stars didn't last very long
R29ZEJQXWC48RS	5	I'm happy to let all searching Ace Style S765C owners know ... I've been looking for a backup battery for my Samsung Galaxy Ace Style S765C for a year. The others I looked at had mixed reviews - they fit for some people and not others, so I didn't purchase. I tried this one and haven't had any problems with it. I'm happy to let all searching Ace Style S765C owners know that this battery will fit your phone! I'm so happy to finally have a backup, it's one worry off my mind. Thank you AceSoft!
R3DH2OGF0LF9U1	5	Good idea. Easy installation, and it will charge all my devices at the same time.
R2PY8JHGK83M8W	5	Five Stars Very good!
R16P0ZJL3CCF0S	4	Four Stars It is a nice color of black and my husband likes how it feels in his hand.
R1VG7TKWQ3F7M3	3	Three Stars The frame to hold the phone broke a week after I receive my purchase.
R3I1YU0F97HHBH	4	Four Stars Nice size
R2GH15DWB2MHPF	5	Five Stars I love the product as it described.  Protect my phone real good.
R47RL9U6HMV8C	5	Great cable i use one for my desk setup and ... Great cable i use one for my desk setup and it bends and holds it shape well have had it for a long time and it hasn't broken at all and i am really happy with the build quality of this product i would never buy a cheap cable again these cables are the best.
R36REDS2UYCX0N	1	One Star Believed it to be for IPhone 6 but actually for IPhone4
R3FNQZZXWD8IZK	3	Three Stars You get what you pay for
R27OOY3WMV8SNK	1	One Star ripoff
R1EBFHX9R9TW8F	1	... fits works very well and I am very well pleased. The only thing was I do not think ... The LG G fits works very well and I am very well pleased. The only thing was I do not think the account was not wright when I got visa bill. I would like somebody check and make it wright . This whole think started because I had to return the first one , not the one.
RA0IOH66L94BG	3	good Have bought about 6 units Charges very fast THE Last ONE burned OUT
RYY7HYB45RVHX	4	Four Stars Good price for a great items.
RPVTO3UIPSB9X	4	 It worked good
RR7VSITOCTN9D	5	Yes it is worth it The belt clip broke but I was able to repair it, for the price you cannot go wrong. It definitely exceeded my expectations. I purchased a black for myself and a purple for My Wife, we are both very pleased.
RI4VTO5YMDRBH	5	Awesome, especially for the money! GREAT HEADPHONES!!! Honestly.
R18BKTOKNJUXOB	5	Love this cable Love this cable. It's really well made and super sturdy. Way better than the one that came with the phone.
R365JMZZ5AD2SC	1	operates well for listening, horrible mic, won't last long does not hold a charge very long; operates pretty standard; okay for the price. music sound quality good, but mic for phone is horrible. couldn't use as phone headset. stopped working after about 3 months. they still connect but absolutely no sound!!!
R1Q39DZEQV7O76	5	Five Stars Great product. Quick service.
R2C4WQRF35AA67	1	One Star Screws fall out if not tightened every other day, rubber is cheap, and absolutely huge and impractical.
RJFJPRICOB4G6	4	Four Stars Great screen protector.
R21O8UNZBRFL24	1	DON'T BUY!!!!! The joysticks don't work properly. They have a dead spot and the timing is off!
R2G9A1V9COFCRA	5	Five Stars Great product at discount price. Seller delivered as listed.
R32UXHQ2XYLTFI	5	Five Stars A good solid cable.
R1MM6M0BNF0XZQ	5	never disappoint with Apple Having used this for 2 yrs and this is the2nd one purchased, never disappoint with Apple products
R1S9SVM2J76Z7Q	5	Great replacement battery.  I purchased two of these. Great replacement battery.  I purchased two of these.  I always place the date I purchased them.  The price was good and the delivery was on time.
R3C2BQ84AHHIQM	5	Will be buying in all colors Super cute, all the buttons are easy to use and the charger and earphones holes work perfectly. It fits perfect with my glass screen protector. The case goes over the sides for more protection and hugs my iPhone 5s tightly.
R23UDT9OHN0EB9	1	Garbage After a month the suction spring stop working which for a $65 dock is unacceptable .
R12GU9KK7EO0ZD	5	Love this tiny but powerful speaker! I LOVE this tiny little speaker! It is so adorable and the sound is incredible for a speaker of its size. I use it in my office and at home when I cook, and you would never guess how small it is. It is so easy to take with me on vacation. Another plus is that it connects very easily through bluetooth to my phone and computer. (It is much easier to connect than other/larger speakers I have had.)
RB4W8HDETM359	5	Easy to install, doesn't peel and great price. Great Product. Everything you need to install is in the package as well as extra screen protectors. I've had mine for a few months and not a scratch on it. They send an email with instructions, which is very helpful also. I really like that it's perfectly made for my iPhone and it hasn't started to peel. Works great!
R14GNEUSA3XORL	5	Five Stars So perfect...!!!
RRTAUK1HMDSZ2	5	You need one of these. Love this speaker. Loud and clarity is unmatchable. The company stands by their product and wants you to be 100% satisfied and I am. Thanks for everything.
R7B2ZCSHA2RZT	4	Four Stars Working nicely so far!  Good buy.
R1GDOLTPVR6IES	5	its a good solid strong case that will protect the phone We bought this for our daughter's phone, its a good solid strong case that will protect the phone.
RAX7EVK2HDKKU	2	Cracked already? I was looking for a good, cheap screen protector and with all these 4-5 star reviews i thought this was the perfect screen protector but boy as i wrong, i was very upset with the way it handled my first drop! The screen didnt do anything at all but only make my real screen crack even more! It is partially my fault but it is also very false advertising, when they say it can withstand high impact drops it cant even withstand 1 meter drop. So what do they really mean high impact drops? Next time i will for sure be doing a little more research on products such as screen protectors. With that aside there were no little bumps/air pockets when you put your screen on.
R3LJ4F8VKE6ZI4	5	Five Stars Dropped many times already and not a scratch on it
R39EK0DPM9K1TW	1	I was so exited to get it after reading all the good reviews. I've only been using it for 2 ... I'm really bummed about this adapter. I was so exited to get it after reading all the good reviews. I've only been using it for 2 weeks and it's already giving out on me. I've had others that have lasted well over 6 months so am a bit disappointed. Wouldn't recommend this unless mine was just a dud. Maybe that's the case?
R3MSFRFSW15TD2	5	Perfect Nice and clear, easy to apply, smooth to the touch. Very happy with this product. You peel one side, apply to phone, and then peel off the second protective film. These are the type I find work the best.
RHYIHOQ9TPWPM	5	Great phone. I've had this thing for about a ... Great phone. I've had this thing for about a week and so far so good. My previous phone was a Galaxy S3 but it was 3 years old and lagged a ton. I'm a casual user and mainly use my phone for social media, texting, and the occasional photo/video if I am out or on vacation. The screen is bright but it's not as bright as a Samsung Galaxy. It's also huge and does hog the battery. I'm not a heavy media user so the battery life is fine with me but if you are constantly on your phone and watching youtube etc I'm sure this won't be the device for you. Under heavy use, you'll probably only get 10 hours on one charge if you're lucky. I get about 24 hours between standby and social media use. Some have commented that you can't see the screen in the sun but I see it just fine on the &#34;auto&#34; setting.  The phone does get pretty hot if you're playing games or doing things that stress out the processor. GPS use will definitely heat up this phone and there is an overheating warning for if you up the brightness while the phone is hot. It hasn't just plain shut off on me so the heat isn't really a bother.  Camera is nice. Works really well in well lit areas. In low light, it does drop in quality but not bad.  Other than that. I'm enjoying this phone a lot. It doesn't lag or anything and is running just fine and a worthy upgrade. I can do everything I did on my S3 but without the lag. :) If you are a casual user and want an affordable phone that works well, this is a good option.
R11P2A528OQZ8A	1	The Worst thing I've ever purchased The Worst thing I've ever purchased. Did not fit my phone at all. Entirely too small and not properly aligned i have a Galexy 6edge and couldn't use the edge featured with the cover
R1IB7F5SMF2EEO	4	Four Stars love these
R2H1N0D32PYQ21	3	Purse Too Big!!! the purse is extremly large, wish I could detach and have only the shoe.
R20GVDDC43BPRD	5	I love it! The color of the case is as exactly how it appears online. I love it!
RJT3DKWS7Z1YW	5	Awesome, I love it!!! I just got this in the mail today so far I love it, it holds my cell phone up perfectly for viewing for GPS in my car or a movie on my night stand.  Will probably be buying another or maybe a couple more.
RCFNSW20DCZMG	5	Five Stars item as described and arrive on time
R16MAPEN2V3637	5	Nice product. Exactly what I needed.
R3PCAUXOO7Z4H3	4	Nicely priced, ships fast As described. Very easy to apply. Fast shipping.
R2LTGOXO8FXIPW	4	A desent battery case for my Edge This S6 Edge charger case works good. I would recommend this case. It does take a little longer to charge then I thought it would but most phones charge faster when directly connected to there own charger. I did receive delivery more the two weeks before they said it would be delivered.
R227TKCQ8OYTWU	4	Good protection. Good protection except no rubber around edges.
R1PK2Q1S57JE2H	5	... this while out on my kayak and it works great for my phone I use this while out on my kayak and it works great for my phone.  I am able to take pictures without the fear of my phone getting wet or falling in the lake.  Keeps my phone nice and dry.
R99766CCHISS	3	making it un-comfortable and painful to wear the plastic loop where the arm band strap goes thru, flips .. making it un-comfortable and painful to wear.  I have found that using this around my wrist works well.  It is not tight, nor painful.  I love the large pockets, fits an S5, keys too.
R2841DQ8AUMM5H	1	Won't work with Otterbox Cases If you are planning on using this cord with an Otterbox Case, it won't work.
R18DJ96ST1C5DT	5	Five Stars Prefect:)!
R12R8O2OI8ATG9	5	This product works great. We have two IPhones and two IPads hooked ... This product works great.  We have two IPhones and two IPads hooked up to this where we sit.  It works great and I highly recommend it.  The company did a great job packaging it and getting it to me on time.  I probably will order another one for the bedroom.
R2V0239AXPOUZP	3	Three Stars Grate cause if your saving up for a otterbox
R1K1Y7046J1DG0	3	Selfie stick I was disappointed it didn't have a remote on the stick but it works
RVHZO01AKBSEG	5	The best case for the iPhone 6 I absolutely love this case!! Shows your whole iPhone while protecting it!! Best case ever!!
R19A4UOX8FKIPW	5	I take this with me every time I go to ... I take this with me every time I go to the beach and it works Amazingly!! NOT a single drop reaches my phone
R2EGFA3Y47AYDY	5	Five Stars Excellent product.
R3N0TM7N3DR7EJ	5	Worth it Great ham for starters settings can be a hassle but well worth the price!
R2WO9BPVOSJDCO	1	save your money buy a better one its worth it It broke the second day
RN8OIQ16RHV62	4	Four Stars Bulky but so cute!
R1UMMSGFJRKWYL	1	Cheap Poory made.
R59PGUITMFOHB	5	great quality for the price fast shipment, great quality for the price.
RBRMZM6KKJOC8	3	Works in the Phone but doesn't perform any better than my 3-year old batterie Works in the Phone but doesn't perform any better than my 3-year old batterie. They probably sat on the shelf for 3 years waiting for me... :-(
R1U5IXT138B4R7	4	Four Stars &iexcl;Muchas gracias!
R3MLPVHLVLZ40Y	5	Happy Anker user I was in NYC and needed gps and apps to get around, borrowed a friends Anker to keep iPhone charged. I was impressed with the Anker and ordered my own when I got home. Great product, good value.
R38U4NKAWXNXFG	5	Five Stars loved it, but didn't fit
R9HBHDHCVGSLI	5	Closest to perfect Out of a group of about 10 cases for iPhone 6 Plus, I think this is the best one all around.  It's extremely similar to Ballistic's clear case (which I love), but is slimmer, uses a differently tinted plastic, and has a different design on back.  This has a great feel to it that is slick, yet has grip when needed. It is not bulky at all and slim. It has the air cushions on the corners for great drop protection. Cut-outs and button alignment are good.  I like the line design on the back.  You really can't beat this case so far.
R2T0BCV812ANK3	4	Love the ability to change wristband colors to coordinate with ... Love the ability to change wristband colors to coordinate with my workout outfits. However, the clasps require a bit of work to make sure do they stay fastened.
R2Q2XCB1VA9G2K	4	After a US based person got on line they activated the phone and it works great. had a little snag activating the phone . After a US based person got on line they activated the phone and it works great.
R1FSX30AOCK25D	5	Excellent product. Great service This is my second one.  Excellent product. Great service !!
RAJ39B1BM6IMI	3	Three Stars good
R3GKDT3OM8OB3Z	5	Excellent battery. Definitely purchase a 2 amp wall charger ... Excellent battery. Definitely purchase a 2 amp wall charger to juice this thing up quickly. The piano finish gets a lot of flack but I prefer it over the new PowerCore's matte finish. The PowerCore will slide right out of your hand, whereas the E5's finish is grippy. An added benefit to this over the PowerCore 15,600 is that this one is shorter lengthwise but has a slightly higher capacity. I can deal with 3 amp output vs 4.8 amps for the PowerCore.
R2WP03W9CXJ9CJ	5	After looking for a good small portable speaker I decided on this one After looking for a good small portable speaker I decided on this one. All the reviews sounded great.  The speaker surpassed my expectation on both sound and battery life great product!
R255ZX84LMZ89H	4	Sweet! Love it, love it,  love it! Does everything i wanted it to do. ..
RG0CJZCHW27SC	5	Five Stars Every colorful and a great case to have. It also works.
R338521IL15SYF	5	Five Stars Excellent.
R8F35JQRL58Q4	4	Four Stars Nice!!
R1R5P23A22OX12	5	Five Stars Great product at an unbeatable price! Would buy again.
R1T928X4LV741T	3	Cheap but it works. "Instructions" are a joke. Cheap but it works.  &#34;Instructions&#34; are a joke.
RP21M23U59H44	5	Five Stars Good price
RH987R63T9YL0	5	I love love love this solar charger I love love love this solar charger! The thing about smart phones is that they use a lot of battery power.
RIVPQZWP0JTUW	4	Fits perfectly. You don't have to struggle to fit ... Fits perfectly.  You don't have to struggle to fit your phone into the case - it slides right in.  Covers the volume keys which actually makes them easier to access.  It also keeps you from accidentally hitting the &#34;silence&#34; button.  Haven't dropped it yet so I don't know how well it protects from shock. This is my first iPhone and I wasn't going to get a case, but this actually makes it easier to handle.
R25MZ9XII11I6Z	5	Five Stars great
R26C4QHJVWHRTI	5	Good affordable I phone 6 screen. I just got it- was very easy to put on, no bubbles:-) Keeping my fingers crossed and hope to avoid a &#34;drop test&#34;! I also like their lifetime warranty promise.
R1N0MI1EDLQQKS	5	Five Stars Telling my friends how great this is.
R3LKQLGVSSRMV9	4	great sound but short battery life Sound quality is great but battery life is short-about an hour and a half. Can hear my music over the sound of my riding lawnmower without having to turn the volume up all the way.
R1JYOH237XYWD2	5	Five Stars Great!
R1OG612IHKOSZ4	1	Did not work consistently, had to hold in place ... Did not work consistently, had to hold in place just to charge, then stopped working all together after 4 days,
R68YV3CCCVZMW	5	Five Stars perfect fit for my blackberry and is not bulky
RQOB6WGF0KBVB	4	Not easy to take photos with though As waterproof cases go, it does work. I put weight of phone, in coins in pouch with a tissue and dropped in bucket of water. floated and all stayed dry. CAUTION THOUGH: At first I just put in a bunch of coins and didn't weight and it sank, fast. So, be sure to try at least the weight of your phone, if it is heavier than mine, it might not work. Not the easiest to close and open, nothing fast about it, but I can take on boat without worrying about it getting splashed or falling over board. Not easy to take photos with though, so I usually end up taking out of pouch to take photos, which could defeat the purpose of even having it. If you ever attempted photos with your phone in the sun, especially with glare off the water...it is hard to see phone alone, and with the case on it is even harder. I purchased some waterproof camera floats and attached one to the loop on this case for extra safety about sinking. Does't matter how waterproof the case is if it sinks to the bottom of a lake.Despite it being a bit awkward, it still gives piece of mind and that makes it worth it.
R1UITI0KNHYLED	4	Four Stars I fits really good nice grip aand feel to it
R1Y9HA5DM0O6ZX	5	Five Stars Thanks. So. Much.  God bless.
R3A20LZCFN3JVQ	5	Five Stars 👌👌👌
RL58IEBVXZXZK	5	Five Stars lightweight, classy, perfect
R3C44IGM3NIWT1	2	Sounded fine but not built very well Sounded fine but not built very well, within 10 minutes the product wireing came loose and stopped working in one ear
R1JET67LN6HIED	1	this arrived defective - one of the channels was not ... this arrived defective - one of the channels was not working and created extremely loud feedback. by the time this was determined Amazon would not allow me to return it.
R3CF9BCMH0CR7G	5	Five Stars love it! i get compliments on it every day
R1RE6HSIV9BWWJ	5	Great.! Works great, and my God, the awesome lights on it are so cool to see in the dark.! I mainly use it when I leave the house and know I'm not gonna be back home to charge my phone (for example, long out of state trips or a weekend out camping). I can certify and say that this thing can fully charge an iPhone (I have a 5S) 5 times and possibly even 6 times (I haven't tried). I recommend it.! It's very useful.!
R14L379I5PF243	5	Five Stars Amazing products!!
R3T3JQZW5S660	5	Very Durable Love this case! Very durable. If I had to say 1 bad thing about this case it is that the charger cover doesn't go in all the way and it gets in the way of charging your phone sometimes. Other than that, I have 2 children who still haven't managed to break my phone thanks to this case.
R2A2633JPU7MS	5	The unit worked fine and I got my 40 year old cassettes transferred ... The unit worked fine and I got my 40 year old cassettes transferred to flash drive then to the computer.
R2JL9EN11CJL2	5	Very good sound Takes care of customers
R3HGATX6NKJGB2	1	This product did not work in the least. I ... This product did not work in the least.  I have little cell reception and placed the outdoor box in a clear area on top of the roof, but it did not improve my signal.
R3IGAT6GDU5362	4	Four Stars my father loves it
RKZYJ02WCJ1TW	5	I recommend this product for anyone that has a cracked screen ... Just what I needed to fix my screen. I recommend this product for anyone that has a cracked screen for the Note 3.
RSPGHP2X3WWW6	5	perfect fit, easy install perfect fit, easy install, exactly like the stock one.  overpriced for what it is but whos gonna bother to send you anything for less than $5
RR6H72NCEPX8L	5	Five Stars Great
R2II2JBIIE22X6	4	fits good shipped on time and fits
R2E1PLYVLHRV63	5	Great light! Love this light.  It fits perfectly and works great.
R2QDZXZKRSY9Z2	1	Horrible the tolerances for this are horrible, this is the cheapest life proof knock off i have ever seen don't waste your time getting this
R384KNB4X5LRQ8	5	Five Stars Fits great
R94SH0XKC1NDQ	5	excellent product! Excellent product!  Fast delivery!
RZHWCUY87XJ9S	5	Five Stars adorable! i WANT MORE!
R3UHZ263YLNPAR	5	Great product. It's everything I expected and love it Great product. It's everything I expected and love it. Went on easy and effortlessly. 2-pack is great Price can't be beat. Highly recommend
R357BEJMT3IYHN	5	but I will say this is a wonderful case / wallet I'm not normally a review person...but I will say this is a wonderful case / wallet.  The phone case is very slim and looks professional, while the magnet that secures it into the 'wallet' portion of the case is very sturdy and keeps the phone in place well.  The best part, in my opinion, is the quality of the leather.  Thanks!
R1AP9J6MSX8R8H	5	Five Stars Purchased as a gift - husband uses frequently!
RK5SLSHH4N4RX	3	Works well except for with my surface. Works well the only problem I have had is it will not work with my surface but it works with my phone perfectly that's why I gave it three stars. Still a good product though.
R1M64B59ENQ2N1	4	... it has to be under the sun while charging good for camping on sunny days It works but it has to be under the sun while charging good for camping on sunny days
R1P8UTSEJI3MOM	5	Awesome This case is awesome! The kick stand is so handy, when feeding baby or when playing movies on the go. It is also durable and for someone who is clumsy, it has been great when dropped.
R3QLJPBUZHHQON	5	Five Stars Works as well as original
R1B3W1OIK6XJX0	2	Loved the fit and the idea of a case but ... Loved the fit and the idea of a case but when I took it off there were little scratches where it had rubbed on the SS.
R76XJ4GUZR4W7	5	Five Stars Great seller. Fast delivery. Product as described. Thank you!
R29CU181D4EIOG	5	Five Stars Very comfortable to use while at the gym.
R27AX73LXQCIEI	5	Very nice phone case! It is such a nice case.  It looks like a wallet.  I love it.  It is a pleasure to hold.
R2N1LO0BHTFQTJ	5	Not too thick either which is good. Works as advertised. Not too thick either which is good.
R1YR0NO6MC3X0E	2	I like the durable and color of this case The package came at record time, very fast, I like the durable and color of this case, however it is too hard for me to press the buttons.  :(
RGKA1EYTQZQGN	5	Five Stars Came sooner than expected, and fit perfectly
R3PGCJLLXNYROY	5	Five Stars Works great does exactly what it is intended for.
R3BI395RF4YXFW	2	Would rate higher if no problems Nice look but has a short when I move
R3BCL2MOQL7LA8	4	Four Stars Not perfect, but a phenomenal deal at the price.
R36DU8CDB8V3CT	5	Great deal! I received everything as advertised.  Great deal!!!
R2J1TDMHH6KE41	5	robser08 Very nice looking
R3P5B7FIAXJI2B	5	Five Stars A+++ Product and seller
R2XOF3HY2SKW2X	2	Love the design but it is off a little Love the design but it is off a little, doesn't &#34;hold&#34; the apple right. Also doesn't seem to fit the iPhone 6 correctly. Offers no protection, cover came off and phone broke after three days.
RDAG96W0881K9	5	Perfect for the Price I love this phone
R34SE7NNULHBGE	5	Five Stars Great for the price and still working
RM0P5XW6YWRBB	5	I've even spilt liquids on the screen but the built-in screen protector works amazing!! Our son likes to throw our phones on the floor. With this case its safe and i don't worry about the phone breaking. The case is strong, I've even spilt liquids on the screen but the built-in screen protector works amazing!!!!
R11DHIJOZQNITO	5	Five Stars Great product! Supports rapid charging on the Note 4.
R9W1FAQ481MNF	4	Great fit for TomTom 5100 Very nice quality and fits the TomTom 5100 perfectly. I only wish it was half as thick though, as the unit has to be tucked into the pocket or equipment straps on one side, leaving the other side empty, or it will flop around. Good if you had a power cable or something to carry, but mine is fixed to the car mount.
R2JL2OX9X1TCLQ	5	Five Stars greatcase
R3GH1YH8Y6NS8Z	5	Five Stars Beautiful, plan to order another one.
R3TL8MCU9VTXRP	5	Five Stars Love it
R1D66T2QM663N7	5	... was a gift that the person recevied said was awesome. The was a gift that the person recevied said was awesome.
R37T0A4L06CL8Y	1	One Star Doesn't actually charge
R1EYOFPOWKU7X0	5	I'm happy with my purchase ^_^ Very happy with my Anker external battery. First one came defective but Anker took care of it with great customer service and speedy delivery. Great product and I don't leave home without it. Bought one for the boyfriend and he loves it just as much. Highly recommend.
R11X9TPMMKAYKL	5	This thing is fun! I never would have imagined that something like this would be this fun!  The cat especially loves it.  I run it all over the room and the cat chases it like crazy.  The AR part of the sphero is especially awesome!
R1Y65941O5PQJ0	1	nice when it works.... died in 1 month Stopped working after a little over a month of usage... Mainly used to Listen to music only... Manufacturer please contact me... Very unhappy since I can no longer output any volume out
R2PKHX8VNXCEPC	5	Worked beautifully! Hooked my GoPro up to it along with ... Tried this out last weekend while in the mountains so I didn't have to run my generator just to charge a cell phone. Worked beautifully! Hooked my GoPro up to it along with my Samsung Galaxy S5 and had both charging immediately. Both devices were fully charged rather quickly.
R1WUQIBYIIGY1X	5	Good buy! I feel like this case met all my expectations. The bonus is that I've received so many compliments on how great it looks!  Very happy with my choice.
R25V8NYIOX253Q	5	beautiful colors. MUCH cheaper than what I found in ... just as description stated. snug fit around phone. beautiful colors. MUCH cheaper than what I found in local stores.
R282O4JIW49XR0	3	I think I will be happier with these Fairly well constructed, but the ink cartridges were not very smooth on ink delivery, leaving a less than solid line of ink. I did manage to pop one of the tips off while in my pocket, but that may have been under rough conditions (sitting on the pen, for instance). Once I change the cartridges, I think I will be happier with these.
R1W5Z6OBF1FV9R	4	Four Stars Does the job of protecting my phone.
R353ZZEUWG1LXG	5	Cute, Lightweight, Inexpensive Bling Case! I love this case! It is super cute. I love that its clear plastic so that my white back can show through. I've gotten quite a few compliments on my phone since I've had the case. The bling is just the right amount. Its not crazy covered, but it gives that little accent. I think the thing I like most about it actually is how thin it is. I don't like when my phone is super heavy and thick after I put on a case. This adds almost no thickness to my phone. Please note that this case is mainly for decoration purposes, and serves almost no protection at all because it is all clear plastic all around and there is no rubber bumper anywhere to absorb shock if dropped or hit against anything. This is also just the back cover, and has nothing for the front screen. It is however a PERFECT fit. All the cut outs are exactly where they should be and everything lines up perfectly. I am usually very careful with my phone so I'm not worried about the protection. I just wanted something cute. Its very inexpensive, and I love it!  (*I received this item in exchange for my honest review and opinion)
R2TRZUM4EEH6FD	5	Five Stars Love It! 💯
R2GI7R6XKTZLOU	5	Five Stars Excellent product
R1LMT3D7EN34AY	5	Great Buy works just fine in AT&T hot spot and a lot cheaper than most others want for the same thing with a different number. I'm not sure it will take or hold as large of a charge but it makes a wonderful backup when your on the road and you forgot or just didn't bring your charger.
R355MUKQNLGAXU	5	Works Good!! Works good for wifes phone. No Problems.. :-)
R2CVE1DQLF5YN2	5	Works perfectly This USB to Lightning cable is a nominal 1 m or about 39 1/2 in. long tip-to-tip.  The cable is very resistant to tangling.  It has shiny white plastic casings and very pale grey soft plastic sheathing and strain relievers.  It is compatible with Apple products and functions perfectly for data and power transfers both.  NetSunDirect provided a cable for evaluation and review.
R2H7OVKYGKXODW	5	Love Love it
R3MXNIDVEYYB7K	5	Pretty good Great screen protector, packaging a bit excessive.
R6L7ALB6O94SJ	5	Removing the battery was actually fairly easy despite what youtube videos suggested My iPhone5 has a new life! My screen had started coming off, and after an internet search I suspected that the battery was swelling. I thought I'd take a chance on this since it's way cheaper than getting a new phone or having this repaired.  There were some bumps along the way. For example, I initially removed the screen without the frame around it. You have to lift up the frame as well in order to get to the battery. Unfortunately I broke part of the frame while trying to pry it open. Removing the battery was actually fairly easy despite what youtube videos suggested... I think the key is to pry it up from the left side just like the included instructions show.  In the end I powered on the phone and it had about half a charge left, which is great. The whole phone snapped back together and looks pretty much good as new. The battery seems to do a decent job of holding charge. Overall, great experience, really cheap solution.
R99AL276XBOFN	5	Five Stars Item as described!
R16BPY6QD2QURZ	5	A handy tool kit for ANY iPhone/iPod users I simply recommend this to ANY iPhone/iPod users out there who fix their iPhones/iPods.  I have used this tool kit for my iPhone 4 and my iPhone 6+ and has been completely helpful the many times I have used this product. Whether it be installing a new screen to just simply taking out the SIM card, this tool kit has done justice for me.
R1Z5IVUMGDV7KU	5	Good quality construction The iPod nano has gotten so tiny these days, I bought the arm band basically so I didn't drop the thing.  Good quality construction.  All I need in a band.  No complaints.  Came fast and free with Prime.
R2WPJDAY9STBNT	5	Five Stars Great bang for youre buck
R3P6P6C7B53XY4	5	Nice sleek product ! Very convenient product ! Charges two iPads two iPhones and 2  apple watches  quickly at the same time and still have another slot to charge something else and I have another outlet  ! Looks nice and  sleek ! Very happy and would definitely buy from these guys again ! Shipping was fast !
R1S2Z6NVOZWD6A	1	Total waste of Worked once and not too well.  Then nothing. Total waste of money
R2YG6MYIWNXL0M	3	Three Stars Poor sound quality.
R13WRKXXVHR96V	5	Birugear 4Pcs Stylus/styli Touch Screen Pen I am very satisfied with Birugear 4Pcs Stylus/styli Touch Screen Pen.  I will recommend Birugear 4Pcs Stylus/styli Touch Screen Pen to anyone.  The pens are very good to work with.  I ordered a different name brand a few weeks ago which was cheaper - well you get what pay for.  The tips of the pens were so soft they were had to us.
RU55179615J7F	5	2 amp output has been helpful for charging USB battery ... 2 amp output has been helpful for charging USB battery packs while hiking in remote areas. It draws power even on slightly cloudy days, but you should charge a battery pack, not an iPhone directly. The iPhone will cut out as soon as the tiniest cloud crosses in front of the sun, and it will not resume charging until it is unplugged and reconnected. Charging directly to USB battery pack (Anker E5) resumes as soon as the sunlight returns without having to reconnect the wire.
RXK37DRXYTAC3	5	I am VERY happy with this charger set I was able to purchase this at a discount for an honest review.  I needed a charger at work that was as fast as my home charger.  This is just as fast, and it shows up on my phone as &#34;Fast Charging&#34;.  So, it is charging more than twice as fast as a regular charger.  This is key since I am always on the move, and can only charge for small periods at a time.  I am VERY happy with this charger set.
RM70FQ5MGEKCH	5	good quality Has worked flawlessly for over year then i ended up droping it and breaking it again. for the price you cant beat it though! would of bought another but it was time to upgrade from the 3gs
RH7O0XYJYUXES	3	... you are planning to use it on a motorcycle like I did The product works very well but the adaptor portion is too long if you are planning to use it on a motorcycle like I did. Unfortunately it will hit the tank if you are making a tight turn.
R6HXDH60SNV6K	5	Five Stars Had everything I needed
R38SO1E979I770	3	Forgetting place it on the dashboard I've tried to place this on my dashboard for at least.... 13 times and that's what happens:  The mount holds for the whole night and when i get back there in the morning, to check it out ... i gotta see if the mount is either under my seat or somewhere else near the door it means ...this doesn't hold properly  if you wanna place it on the mirror though, then it works GREAT I have placed it on the mirror for over 3 weeks from now and so far it didn't fall
R3GPSYMIUVMRJ0	5	Five Stars Excellent, great protect for the phone and looks elegant...
R295FKY7GVZ7G7	5	Five Stars great quality
R1R8CQYCDGV7TD	1	One Star Don't waste your time. It's less than 60 days old and will not hold a charge.
R1VGM5T7B3G8RS	5	Five Stars My father loves the case it protect his phone .
RK8AU6S8ZMBTL	4	This item got deliverd fast. This item got deliverd fast . and was the right part i have order parts befor and it was not at all what it said the description but this was not he case fast and the right part i am happy
R1O98BNRXM9QGY	3	... couple of air bubbles other than that it's a good product It did leave a couple of air bubbles  other than that it's a good product
RNLUKB07GMD4N	4	Love it but could be cheaper. Firm and colorful. Great buy.
R2H6NN2ZK2OSV	5	Legit! ***UPDATE 10.05.15*** Bought on 08.27.15, still working like brand new, great charger, fast and reliable. I don't know why I haven't bought sooner!  So far so good (1week in). I have my Bluetooth on, GPS, and Spotify on and this car charger gets ahead of the drainage. Like some chargers will either lose charge or just slowly hold that charge but never get ahead, this one works. I haven't used all four USBs at the same time yet, with my both my daughter's hungry tablets and the wife's iphone, but I will update when that's tested. But for right now, I'm never out of battery anymore while I'm traveling, which is great!
R51CV0EH9BQFA	5	Five Stars good
R2H0VN4R3KJP6S	5	Secure Phone Cradle Works better than the other 2 I've previously purchased. Holds the phone securely and is to adjust.
R12SGLVG6SZY17	4	Good but. Came at a decent time. I was a little worried when I first received the box because it was all beat up and covered in tape with writing all over it but when I opened it up everything seemed fine and nothing looked damaged. The heads work great. A little bigger then what I was expecting but they sound good and also it pairs up with my phone without any problems. So overall it was a decent buy for the price.
R1AYZWAGRLLDD9	5	Five Stars love it.
R1KP7TOH0SV7NQ	5	5 stars Awesome case!!
R1WE4S2CHHKH83	5	Initial reaction is "wow these sound good" Bluetooth connection worked ... Initial reaction is &#34;wow these sound good&#34;  Bluetooth connection worked just as described and no problem.  Only difference from &#34;Chinglish&#34; manual is where it says LED will turn green when connection is successful, mine blinks blue instead.  Only took approx 1/2 hour for initial charge with included USB connector.  Quality appears acceptable but time will tell in use with travel as I intend.
R2ETRNRPG8FSM6	5	Highly recommened Great product. Received it on time. Come with everything you would need to change out coverplate, plus spare parts.
R1CUOANQJDFTTZ	5	If you need one don't bother. Sprint is killing off their Clear service in October 2015 I purchased as a replacement battery for a 5yo device. Item arrived quickly and undamaged. But if you own this device don't bother with replacement.  Clear was sold to Sprint about 2 years ago. I received an email in April 2015 stating they will no longer be offering the Clear WiFi service after October 2015.
RRFE19LW67CV2	5	This worked great. Perfect for driving with gps or music This worked great. Perfect for driving with gps or music. Works good for iPhone 6, but I upgraded to 6plus and it does not fit
R217U34J0EQL0N	5	Five Stars I use this all the time and would purchase again in a hreat beat.
R196NN7LNU0VJQ	1	One Star My case arrived broken. The bottom clip was broke. Case unusable.
R2JL0LBVULA5G4	4	Four Stars very good!
R1KXHCA9TYM1MN	3	Good armband, a little on the small side Good armband, a little on the small side. I have average/small arms and it can still be hard to wrap around and get a snug fit.
RSFX7D7CCRE8O	4	Working well thus far. Total bargain!!! ... Working well thus far. Total bargain!!! We purchased these for our tablet and phones and it works well with both. It also works
R3PUICH83LC4Q6	4	Overall product is very nice and appears to be well made Overall product is very nice and appears to be well made.  I have owned this product for about 3 months with no issues.  Sound quality is very good once you make sure you have the right size ear buds on to completely fit in your ear.  I would buy this product again.
R27A0WDS5SA7ER	5	Great speakers for the price Great speakers for the price.  Easy to install into my '15 Tacoma and sounds pretty good.  I would buy them again
RYMT01FS0BPTY	5	Five Stars Great case!
RLHTTFQ8HE78U	4	So pretty!!! Beautiful case..loved it. And arrived on time. Reason I gave it 4 stars is the fact that it's only available for a s6 edge. I ordered this not paying attention....I know my fault but it was so cute. Got to say my galaxy s6 fits in there and doesn't feel lose at all. Only the buttons do not match with the holes but still able to function good. Definitely true to the picture colors and all.
RAMP866JH3Y6T	5	Five Stars Does the job it is supposed to do....
RBOBVNH5IBWCG	5	This case did not look like the item online but much to my surprise it ... This case did not look like the item online but much to my surprise it was actually nicer and of great quality. Not sure if it was redesigned and pic was not updated but I'm happy with what i got. Thanks
R1Q1OL8X6K0UBL	1	Threw my case away after two weeks because it looked so dirty. The white part got brown within a week of using.  It wouldn't come off.  Threw my case away after two weeks because it looked so dirty.
R3AIPOQWW20S3Y	4	Four Stars Fine
R2F1MF6RMP0ZDZ	5	Buy this Great cover, even better price.
R2X83T9XLBYUFW	5	Saves the screen What do you know, my 1 yr old smashed my phone on week 1 of me buying the glass protector. It shattered but the screen did not! yes! Does exactly what it needs to do.  Easy to apply, looking through instructions beforehand was more useful 2nd time ;)
R1K8HFW9DBBJF2	3	Techie at heart Served there purpose... Light weight and color coded... Gold plated
R1KTUJ3D7LJEFY	5	Five Stars Best and smallest case ever!! Recomend!
R278SPGRKLPI41	1	This cheap version of a lifeproof case was a waste of money This cheap version of a lifeproof case was a waste of money. Broke within 5 minutes. Would not recommend to anyone.
RT4KLAFMKKQ6U	4	Four Stars Great product for the price.  Hope it lasts.  Time will tell!
R1STP8LK3HQFLW	5	Five Stars Love it,
R1MJQ0A1QSTLJM	4	4 USB slots for travel! Disclaimer:  I got this item at a discount in exchange for my honest review.  I love this portable charging station.  It is one of the best designs that I have come across.  I bought it for travel, as I wanted more than 2 usb ports, and with this, I can plug in my laptop as well.  I love that it has a power cord design so versatile…I can unroll it and it can sit on my bedside table or desk, but if I wanted it to hang on the wall socket, it can do that too.  The only annoyance is the super bright blue indicator light that lets you know power is on.  It does not have to be so bright!!!  I will have to tape over it with masking tape or something like that as I'm using it next to my bed.  I would deduct 1/2 star for that if i could. Packaging it came in was busted open when it arrived.  It looks cheap if I were planning to give as a gift.  However, they made up for it by including a nice pouch to keep it in for traveling, which i greatly appreciate.  I wish they would make an international version -- with the interchangeable international adapter plugs, so I can use it worldwide too.  Update November 25, 2015 I deducted a star because the snap that holds the plug broke when I tried to take out the plug for use.  So, I no longer feel this is the best design anymore, and I've found a similar one with a better design where you slide the plug in, instead of popping it in, and it has pink, blue or green accents. However, I have not written a feedback for that yet as it died on me in about a week of use.  Waiting for my exchange before I review.  At least this one still works great, and I've used it in England and Asia for about 2 months.
RNT8AQD2KFW6V	5	Anker products are always great I love purchasing items from Anker, they have products that always work and their customer service is nothing but World Class
RHVBGI4PTKDNM	3	Three Stars Connections are not that tight, but it works.
RMOPRM4TTN7NL	3	Three Stars Bad fit over the ears. Good sound.
R28L0J0YKMT1P	4	Good price, fast shipping, good packaging, and fast turn around on a cable that is inexpensive for its class. This was for my wife (who goes through cables like water). It's still working! She seems to be happy.
R38VAQG6TPXZBH	2	but it feels like it would come right back apart and won't stand ... I bought this to plug into the USB port in my car so that two phones can charge at the same time.  I plugged it in, but then decided that I wanted it the other way around.  When I tried to pull it out, the red piece came apart from the silver piece (that plugs into the port).  I was able to push them back together, but it feels like it would come right back apart and won't stand up to being plugged and unplugged more than a couple of times.  Thankfully I don't need to move mine again, but it you're thinking about moving this around between different plugs, beware that it is cheaply made (I think made in China) and you might want to look elsewhere.
R11SWRQXCN2W74	4	Sticks great and moves well with my phone Sticks great and moves well with my phone. I keep it up on my windsheild and it doesn't budge while I drive!!
RANM0K0TGAJ9E	1	One Star Case is nice but was not delivered on time.
R2IF8FZ6A4EMRP	5	Perfect. Very fast charge. Working great so far. If I needed another, this is the one that I would buy.
RA2GREY9LH1V0	5	Great Sleeve for Running I found the sleeve to fit me just fine, with room to adjust to larger/smaller arm size.  The key holder and &#34;snug-feel&#34; for my phone is what makes this a good product.
R203F1MFGLV21K	5	Five Stars Very nice, good quality
RZOPM62JMW97V	2	AVOID IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR PROTECTION! Although this case looked pretty sleek and enhanced the grip, it offered no form of protection for the phone. I had the case for about 2 weeks before I dropped my phone on my hard wood floor only to pick it up and see a crack, not only through the exterior plastic on top of the screen, but also the screen itself...indicating that the case offered real shock absorbing properties. I would NOT recommend buying this case, as it does not withstand the test of a 3 foot drop.
R1CMRH89WAQ7IU	5	Five Stars fits my needs
R1Y7Q5EQSXANH	5	Five Stars Like it
R2AORG5AMC3JX5	2	Chafes on long runs When I'm running any distance over 3-4 miles, this band will chafe my arm if I'm not wearing sleeves. Makes for quite an uncomfortable run.  Other than that, I've never had trouble getting the band to stay in place, etc. Keeps out as much moisture as you'd expect, and I haven't had much trouble using my touchscreen (Galaxy S5)
R3TKM151HLG3W6	4	Four Stars excellent
R2MPGRZUPWPR5D	5	Five Stars Cool
R3R3OFSIWXHL8W	5	Five Stars Great case
R2D0Y02C4IFUXE	4	Solid product This is a great product if you have multiple USB-powered devices. Feels very substantial. The bright blue LED makes it a bit distracting for a nightstand. My main disappointment was that it will not charge my Asus Transformer Prime tablet, but then again I have been unable to find anything other than the original charger that came with it that can.
RPXZJKX015MJ0	1	One Star Turned blue the second day
R3HZICQ0YZZDDM	1	Terrible This is the first review I have ever written. I ordered the 2 pack of cables to charge my iphone 6. It arrived with only 1 cable and it didn't even work. Tried 2 different wall adapters and nothing. Do not order from this seller.
R1PB6MYTF1GNJW	5	Five Stars Perfect.
R3R75LW40FXH1O	4	Four Stars several compliments and inquiries as to where it came from.
RMUVBPHY6HUQ2	4	Four Stars I love this overall but am unable to get the macro lens to attach  Can anyone help me
R2PADUWLF2LV1S	5	Great! Works perfect and for a great price too.
R1FQBAKMG9SS1K	4	Four Stars Nice and thin yet protective.
RLCOT24MSNDYG	5	Five Stars This case is awesome for the price.
R3KTJ7LHH8AKT7	5	A Great Case! My wife loves this case!  She couldn't be happier with it because of how sturdy the case and the stand are.  She can drop her phone and not freak out anymore!!!
R215DNFFEV3V97	3	Like the matt finish Hard to keep from getting bubbles, maybe its just me. Like the matt finish, no finger prints.
R1XK422J9XPX1J	5	Really like it Got this for my mom. The install was easy enough. I like how it resists smudges and seems to Hold up better than the other kind of screen protectors. Really nice for the price!  It does seem too thick to use in an otterbox/ life proof case though
RW5MTN6YQS9L9	5	phone case Fit perfectly on my phone.
R28QKY7QD2E5FQ	5	Cute, eye-catching case! I love this case!  I actually use it for carrying my sunglasses in my purse to keep them from getting scratched.  I love the painting and enjoy seeing it every time I put on or take off my sunglasses.  I've gotten compliments from several people because this is such a pretty and unique case!
R21MU6L7DAV1GF	5	Love these cases Love these cases, lightweight and fit sung the rubber on the outside edges keeps them from slipping out of your hand.
R3QDIJW9H8UVMK	5	Works great. Very durable cord Works great.  Very durable cord, seems to be holding up well.
RN3IQ673TSPG2	5	Five Stars Good.
R3B5XIS9QJG6KS	1	The case is beautiful but it doesn't fit my phone The case is beautiful but it doesn't fit my phone. I triple checked what phone it said it was for. It should fit my phone. In fact I also bought a green case from this company and that one fit! So I thought this one was safe. Very disappointed.
R3G05CANILYY5D	1	Am really disappointed I bought 2 of this last week and I ... Am really disappointed I bought 2 of this last week and I only got 1screen and after fixing it on my phone  it has a black line in exactly the middle very disappointed with this seller
R2QV8ZLU3TPLLY	1	looked like you were taking a photo in a tunnel Fit the phone, made it water proof, just caused a lot of problems with the camera, looked like you were taking a photo in a tunnel. It inhibited the accuracy of the touch screen as well. Just not real happy with the case.
R5L74HKULEWBM	5	This 3ft charging system arrived in easy to open packaging and was simple to assemble I received these in exchange for my honest review.  They arrived promptly and as described.  This 3ft charging system arrived in easy to open packaging and was simple to assemble.  My IPhone 6 didn't have a problem connecting and charging with this cable.  They are thicker than some of the less expensive models I've owned in the past.  Love it and would recommend it to anyone.
RDW8PQ2REJQ45	1	not good Cannot see a thing if I'm outside during daylight, for regular use I have to put brightness all the way up and it drains my battery, I will look for another brand.
RV9DN5W2TKYP	5	Don't miss two sided tape on battery side of Charging Set. Functions as advertised.  Initially unaware of dual sided tape used to keep Charging Set in place when reinstalling back to phone.
R3JPG6V94PKBHA	5	Very durable and long enough to use while in bed ... Very durable and long enough to use while in bed and plugged in to a socket inconveniently placed just out of reach of the OEM cords.
R22F0JDH2FCJNU	3	Meaning it just comes out so easily. I'm guessing its because of the size It doesn't stay put. Meaning it just comes out so easily. I'm guessing its because of the size. Otherwise its a great charger.
R79HUHVKS9TAX	4	This is better in that it has 1 quickcharge port kind of ... This is a replacement to an old Belkin 2 usb port charger I had used for years! This is better in that it has 1 quickcharge port kind of to future proof for newer phones that support it and 1 additional port to charge whatever else. Right now I use this to travel, it charges my Nexus 5, Ipad, & Moto 360, so only 1 charger with 3 cables much lighter and organized. Only downside is that it's a bit heavy so it might come loose in the outlet. So just make sure to give enough slack on the cable as to not put additional weight that might pull it out from the outlet.
R2JCYPGUQ5PKQ4	4	S5 charger No problems so far.
R2O6EXGCJI9XB8	5	Five Stars Wonderful product
R1RX3CKSKRCKSJ	3	Three Stars Great for the price, but came cracked.
R2FDHPXP6VBGZT	1	worst set of headphones i have ever bought worst set of headphones i have ever bought, i live with my headphones in my ears, must have at least 17 pairs; this was by far the worst money spent towards headphones👎
R2SWZ2NFUX9XR6	5	Good cover I like it a lot. It's sturdy and holds cards as well as my phone.
R4V7ROY1HAVZF	5	Great speaker You can take this anywhere and do whatever you want to it and its performance doesn't change. It's much smaller than I thought it would be but it packs a punch. Definitely a great speaker with easy connection.
R27SRV09D18IMC	5	Love it Love this thing. So glad that it works with my phone :)
R1AKLN35630VQY	4	Four Stars Good quality item.
R5BS5J43BH8RF	4	Four Stars Works decently well, my moto 360 has issues charging on it sometimes but it gets the job done.
R345IOZNE85YYV	4	Very Pleased so far ... Waiting to give its full test. I Haven't tested the product fully (tested with a random usb/ac plug and it works) because I'm mainly going to use this as a charging cable when my Anker PowerDrive +1 comes in (taking longer to ship than cable). but already really really pleased with a few things:  1. Delivery was prompt (arrived on a Sunday & it was free!?!?)  2. Shipping packaging was standard yellow envelope but, the box the cable comes in was actually really nice for just a USB cable! I could tell this is going to be a quality cable by just judging the box!  3. For a USB cable its goregous looking the red nylon braid is pretty sick and will look nice (and be easy to find) in my car.  4. Superb build quality! Feels sturdy and  extremely premium! Fits extremely snug in my Note Edge!  I will boost rating to five stars when the PowerDrive comes in and if it can carry the Quick Charge 2.0 amperage.
R18NRV1FWXX68O	4	but it's a pretty good case The blue is not blue it looks more purple, but it's a pretty good case
RUL7QZ2X9CZ1G	3	Three Stars Not to clear instructions, should have got the USB version.
R1JDKYBD0KXWZB	4	My charger works great and comes in handy My charger works great and comes in handy. I got blue which is very pretty. The product is a little larger than I expected but that's fine because it still fits in my pocket. I just wish the package it arrived in was strong because mine arrived with a crack in it. It's not very noticeable so it's ok.
R36TQJW3BRRWJL	5	Perfect. This is perfect. Just like the one that comes with my Samsung S5 galaxy. It is really great price and nice to have more than one as I can take this when I travel and have on in another room when I am home.
R17O1T0HVL8W04	3	Three Stars Decent
RXEGGGYSW90AT	5	Five Stars I loveee my new phone case ! It came right on time
R2270CSNCAD6LD	5	Five Stars I love this phone case for my phone. Its very simple but it gets the job done.
R11DUD324IA63R	2	The case is slightly too big for the phone. ... The case is slightly too big for the phone. Although it does keep the Samsung s6's slim look, the actual phone shifts in the case and do not protect the phone at all.
R14A3XZWKIKPX6	4	Looks great Looks great but is hard to keep clean only due to the color.
R1AEWZ6EXFLR3P	1	One Star waste of money.  dont buy.
R49NB8IWLAF3G	1	One Star It arrived broken!!!
R17B78FK9YZHV3	5	Glad I have This Case Fits the phone perfectly and doesn't make the phone super bulky.  I wasn't sure about spending the money for the case, but with the price of the phone I decided not to be a cheapskate.  I am and &#34;older&#34; person and am pretty careful/easy on my phone but boy am I glad I got this case. First drop --  My 18 month old granddaughter pulled  phone from my back pocket and it fell onto my concrete driveway -- I am happy to report no nicks, no scuffs, no damage!  Since then, there have been a number of other &#34;oops&#34; and everything still like new.  Good investment, looks nice, protects phone, doesn't impede any of the phone functions - what more could you ask for.  Recommended purchase.
R3LWX2L0R2X6JL	4	on a galaxy good replacement
R33A96LIM2IQHL	4	Four Stars Great case,good price
R1BLQVIAY1DT9F	5	Five Stars Works great on the go!
R1QN1W0KIEB1R8	4	Nice case. Not as protective as my previous Otterbox Nice case. Not as protective as my previous Otterbox, but I really love the slim design. Who doesn't love pretty colors?
RXHQH8ZRTSK2	2	Very tricky to understand. Needs to be updated.  Get rid of the things in Chinese.  The QR code doesn't do anything.  I keep being told to refer to the app, which does nothing except for work with the pedometer.  Couldn't figure out for the life of me how to get text messages to show on the phone.  The font is so small and hard to read, and I've had Lasik surgery and was wearing reading glasses to try and see it.  The instructions are very hard to understand.
RM65BKDP6WJHT	5	Five Stars Great quality
RNESL4WP0LT4Q	4	Four Stars Works great for my ipad
R12C5J70NOA782	5	Five Stars Exactly as described. Quick to send out, very reasonable price.
R3TICNZB6NAY6B	5	NEW LIFE FOR OLD PHONE This battery is functioning like the original that came with the phone. It will lengthen the life of my irreplaceable phone again.
R2935WASOTKVL4	3	Still working Working just fine but I would get the longer ones.
R3PSRHY2XBZ4PW	5	Perfect fit, stylish, excellent value This thing fits like a glove, looks good and is fairly thin, so it does not add that much to the footprint of the phone. No problem getting headphones or the charge cable to operate correctly, nice product!
RFXPXO540W1FH	5	Great case. I use it with a glass laminate ... Great case. I use it with a glass laminate to protect the touchscreen.  Love the orange color, makes it easy to find. I'm planning to order a spare for the time when this case gets worn out.
R2T2TPNLUASH9U	5	Five Stars Works exactly as I expected it to.
R1QJCGJ508CH5T	5	Great Case I was pleasantly surprised that the case looks better in person than in the picture.  It's easy to attach, easy to find in my purse and I'm enjoying the compliments.
R237YGLZMCFM12	3	Not good for pictures or video Keeps the phone dry but I couldn't get my iPhone 5 to take photos consistently and the ones that did come out weren't very good. If you just want it to keep your phone or other items dry and sand free, it works great.
R1P8I8BOQNI119	5	feeling pretty good about it right now Just got it, feeling pretty good about it right now.
R2XXL9M51HFCNL	3	It is a nice lightweight case It is a nice lightweight case. The gold color is nice as well. However, it scratches easily. Also, the kickstand broke within a couple weeks of use. Lastly the the hole for the headphones/AUX cord is off like 1/8cm.. so some plugs will not go in while the case is on. Overall, it was a decent buy for the price.. but I probably wouldn't purchase one again.
RNQ764BSEIE7J	2	5/5 for the 1 year it worked. Initially, this would have received a 5 star rating.  But, as it no longer functions (after ~1 year or light use), I recommend it with warning. This was plugged in permanently on my desk at work, removed only during occasional work-travel.  This week it stopped working as a wireless charger; does not power on.  The battery does still charge and discharge though, so it's not a total loss.
R3I0A2BB2IP0P9	5	Cool lil device Long as I as i could play Iheartradio or my music player and im good
R275VUCJVES76Z	5	5 stars Awesome charger! Charges fast and doesn't overheat my phone.
R1NZQ6VB4O6E29	5	Great Iphone 6 Carrier for Running Great Product at a great price.  Works as promised and provides secure placement for your iPhone and is comfortable to boot.  I would recommend this to runners and walkers everywhere.  I find the Iphone 6 itself too big to enjoy wearing in the gym, but that is due to the Iphone and not this product.  This will work for the gym if you don't mind the size of the Iphone itself.
R1Q4MZ0DCZJCTS	5	Five Stars great case
RZCBLVQSPWNWY	5	and nice design. Meets my needs Practical, and nice design. Meets my needs.
R3GNHBVBR6EDUL	1	Very Disappointed Cheap case, broke after the 3rd day.
R2JEX07W9R73AI	4	Good buy I have a Galexy S5 with a slim case on it and it fits but its a snug fit. Perfect for going out. My strap broke the first time but I just replaced it with a different strap. works great. I would buy it agian.
R2L8X0U9SH759Y	5	Five Stars I loved these. They are comfortable for me since I dislike using ear buds.
R10H6KPN5EK22G	5	Five Stars I love this! I can easily charge my phone quick without plunging it to a charger.
R21PQZSKQIB3L4	5	Very satisfied. First screen protector was damaged in shipment (I guess). Top left corner did not set to screen. Explained situation to Maxboost.  They replaced it immediately.  Replacement fits perfectly. They stand behind their product. Very satisfied.
R3RD54TJ6GFHSH	5	I chose the black so dirt wouldn't show up like it would with the white (like I bought) I bought this for my boyfriend who is a welder, so he obviously sweats a lot throughout the day. He still has it, uses it all day every day and loves it. He can hear it while he is in the weld shop, and it sits low enough on his neck it doesn't get burned. I chose the black so dirt wouldn't show up like it would with the white (like I bought). I have a different brand that is ~60 bucks less than this that I use at the gym. The Bluetooth capability on this one holds much stronger distance wise than mine does. I would recommend this over any other brand, any day, and he has recommended it to many of his friends as well who have purchased one.
R2MGB9050MV5TG	5	Absolutely love it! This summer was one of the best ... Absolutely love it! This summer was one of the best thanks to this protection! I wish I would of bought it sooner
R17RJT29LU982M	5	A good buy I bought this for my husband for his birthday. He uses it all the time for his phone. Very handy and very sturdy.
R3L0BOORVUVJNT	5	Five Stars Fits well, strong hold. Does not fall, unless you apply very strong force.
R1FIGKYL54LXOG	5	Five Stars Works great
R1EZ8PZEAZCMP8	4	It work well for me, It work well for me , it was a bit hard to set up but after a few try I got the instructions could be better
R3F225J6ITNW9T	5	Five Stars Works great!  Thanks
RE2DXEX5GY193	5	Five Stars Fits perfect, and actually makes it easier to slide out the keyboard.
ROQFE1V9JUSY1	5	Perfect fit for the "Lost" Perfect replacement! Unfortunately Callaway abandoned its line of range finders, orphaning the users. I have met a few who have taken umbrage with the company and are reciprocating the favor by not buying other Callaway products!
R1UCETEK73ZZU6	1	Disappointing Even by following the instructions very carefully,  the product ended up covered in bubbles, stretched areas,  and scratches.  Not even worth the trouble to return it.  I just threw it in the garbage,  where it belongs.
RCEQ59H02XI49	4	Decent iPhone 6 case for BTTF fans Bought this for my significant other who is a huge BTTF fan. It is a slim case for the iPhone 6 with grooves for grip which is beneficial since most plastic cases are slippery and cause the phone to slide out of your hand.  The sticker is as displayed in the advert.  The image is a bit grainy and would be better in a higher resolution, and the words on the top and middle of the capacitor have also been covered with a red block which detracts from the original image, but overall it was a good purchase that I am happy with.
R933NUU0KI9G9	1	Not Good for Phones with 2.5D Glass Like S6 Beware that the manufacturer failed to account for the S6's 2.5D glass curvature at the edges. This screen protector extends at least 2mm into this curved area and you will see a cloudy 2mm line all the way around the perimeter. This is the glue basically spanning the gap between the ultra flat protector and phone's screen slope. A truly outstanding product would be one that followed the curve or accurately stopped where the curve begins. I am convinced flat glass protectors are not the way to go for the S6. Use a film type.
R345I7G7X9I75K	5	Five Stars Great
R1YUSFCJCC78VV	5	Five Stars Works like a charm
R21K41XMFLC8I4	5	They used it on the beach and the sound was wonderful. I paid for the one day delivery so ... I got this for my daughter and her husband to take on vacation.  They used it on the beach and the sound was wonderful.  I paid for the one day delivery so they would have it by the time they left.  That extra one day delivery payment was well worth it.
R1ZAFGNH39E4FI	5	Five Stars Good Protection
R3220EESWVWXT	5	Five Stars Its good
R3OCS2XWETO753	5	My 10 year old daughter just loves this watch. ... My 10 year old daughter just loves this watch.  Th only thing that was a little surprising was the size.  For being a youth watch, it's large.
R3VA00Z9ZSLYD2	5	Five Stars Exactly What I Wanted.
R5DTR5YQ29L6F	4	Four Stars Work fine
R1M8GUY5ANYP68	5	Five Stars very good product at a great price
R32HPA6X8Z4XJ0	5	Great Charger Quick Charging, great product.Sturdy and sits at the proper angle on my desk.
R29D16GS4P56TH	4	Four Stars A little 'staticky' but okay for me. Very retro
RTOAZC5VNWHIY	5	great price. Fit and worked well, great price.
R2ULDJ0HO1O8Q6	5	I do put these headphones thru the sweat ringer and they sound great!! I use my Jaybird x BlueBuds Sports Headphones during cardio training in the gym.  I used these headphones for about a year with no problems. I do put these headphones thru the sweat ringer and they sound great!!!
R1HOJ1HX60707R	1	Echhh Large, chunky, cheap feeling
RW9LSP84K28V4	5	worked great and had some instructions on charging too Fast shipping, worked great and had some instructions on charging too!  Thank you
RVLCMTV0QXG32	5	Good choice Good cover and light weight. Better than the o box
R3F6S0MHWZVQKW	5	Definitely would buy again Fast shipping and quality product
R1TYJ6XKVWVJB	5	Five Stars This is a great head unit. Doesn't react well to fists.
R1UK9S9OAL6GFX	5	Heavy Duty FAST Charge! Heavy Duty Charger set. charges everything I have very well. I received a discount for leaving a review. I would but it again.
R33NXLFT6VF9ZA	2	Not a good fit for my ears - might have gotten one with a bum battery. I wanted the full 8 hour charge, didn't get it, even after charging a full day. Painful to me to wear, even though I tried all kinds of tips; also the way it curled around my outer ear was inflexible and hurtful. Maybe my ears are weird and I just got a bum battery, but returning for a different style.
R3AWSXQIXMJWYL	3	Only lasts me 2-3 good workouts before I have to recharge These headphones are decent. Short battery life, which is stated but still disappointing nonetheless. Only lasts me 2-3 good workouts before I have to recharge. Indicates battery is low about 5 minutes before the headphones die...real nice lol. Also having issues with bluetooth sporadically disconnecting every once in a while. Overall you get what you pay for, which was not much so I would still recommend. Just dont have your hopes up too high.
R1GIDKCSPF2YKZ	4	*Updated 9/21/2015 I ordered this back on August 6th and thought it was a fantastic product. I would have given it 5 stars at the time, but after using if for almost a month, my phone keeps falling out of it. There doesn’t seem to be any way to tighten the hinge and swivel that connect to your phone and so mine keeps drooping and popping out of the device. I think it is a great concept but poor execution.  *Update* IPOW reached out to me and it seems I got an earlier version of the device. They have since made changes and modifications based on consumer reviews. They shipped me out the newer version and I must say it is a lot better at holding my phone up and not letting it slam around.
R3UTTO6AH1P927	4	Love the look but had to pay a jeweler to ... Love the look but had to pay a jeweler to put it on.  Definitely not easy to do yourself, especially with old eyes.
RYLV1NMBR2MIM	3	So so case Strap broke off and the color started wearing off after a month or so.
R3C7J6LDUZAX8Q	2	Two Stars Doesn't fit 5S
R2E7Z63P1VZSYR	5	Five Stars I love it
R2AE4DK2L8J1IA	5	Great Power Bank Did not realize how much I would use this product. I never leave home without it. Taking pictures all day drains the battery fairly quick on my Lumia Icon but having power bank with me I never have to worry about it. Very happy with the purchase. Thinking this might make a good gift during the holiday season for the family.
RJR276HVB02TF	5	Fits great, looks good Fits  great, looks good, and seems to be as sturdy as similar cases such as Otterbox but far less expensive.
RUOJUU3DFB4X4	5	Faster And Safer Charging. I'm a fan of Anker's products because they are made with superb quality & lasting performance and this PoweLine Micro USB {1ft} charging cable is no exception. I've used this cable to charge a Samsung tablet, HTC One M8 cellphone and an iPhone. I noticed that it charges my devices a lot faster than traditional USB cables that I've had in the past. It's very strong due to the tough kevlar material on the inside of the cable. The PowerLine Micro USB Cable will charge any device with a USB to micro USB connection. The compatibility is endless. Bending the Anker PowerLine Micro cable countless times will not hurt it one bit. These charging cables are tough and built to last. They come in different lengths. Be sure to get a length that is suitable for your needs. The only USB charging cable you will ever need and it's backed by a company you can trust. I was supplied this sample for test and evaluation purposes. I promise this review is fair and honest.
R3MMDQPNLOQAIS	2	It's thing barely works I wouldn't recommend this to product It's thing barely works I wouldn't recommend this to product. I gave this product a 2 because the light came on when I plugged it in.
R36H1FB108I4T0	5	It does what i need it It works fine
R2EYH7Z0L07W4W	5	Five Stars nice item
R29ICUARHH484J	5	Five Stars daughter loves it
R9R0OXKGN1BYV	3	Looks like a quality product Looks like a quality product. Designed well in terms of looks but the problem is it's a bit thick at the back in one spot and it's hard to pull the cards out.
ROSGHFYC0JALI	5	Perfect for what I wanted Long enough to plug in my cell phone and still have mobility
R18THXHYV5RRKM	5	Great product, works with all devices and is reasonably ... This is a clear. Great product, works with all devices and is reasonably priced. The grip works as described
R1ZVYZUPMI52ZD	5	Five Stars Fits like a glove, Very classy minimalistic flipcase.
R3LFOR05AL2HU7	5	Five Stars Works great gas shipment
R1CTV9X40TY22K	2	Great when it actually works but frustrated by its lack ... Claimed all in one Gps For running, cycling, swimming and golf. Great when it actually works but frustrated by its lack of reliability. Difficulty syncing device. Frequently resets itself during the day on its own. Vibration feature stopped working, rendering the alarm feature useless.
R3TCFFH4OTJ7E9	5	iphone 5s screen protector for a great price. Very satisfied. I'm really excited about this iphone 5s screen protector because it is the same kind that I bought at the phone store for over $25. In my opinion, these tempered glass screen protectors are far superior to the flimsy peel and stick ones that end up with bubbles underneath or peel off after a few months.  Touch screen works great through this screen protector. This is one solid piece that you lay down on your screen all at once. The kit comes with wipes, and easy instructions.  Works great with my iphone 5S. Very satisfied with this purchase.
R1RL7SO5XL0T5B	4	... say is I suggest that you go and get better rca cables because the ones they give you are ... The only thing I would have to say is I suggest that you go and get better rca cables because the ones they give you are garbage.
R3CCOMLNM3FZRD	5	Great Good quality item
RNC3QY08KL43	5	Excellent charger Great idea & makes charging so much simpler.  Super good price as single units of lesser quality cost same or more & this is much better quality.
RZE85SJXYKIT1	5	Five Stars Love the feel, the look, and the protection.  I definitely recommend this product for iphone users.
R253NMNUVRBBPX	2	it is not as good as I The cable broke, it is not as good as I expected
RM5HYRNAEYGED	5	This is one of my favorite Trent cases This is one of my favorite Trent cases. The design is slim but robust and slides into pockets very easily. The back rubber is very shock resistant. For a non-waterproof case, it does a good job at repelling dust.
RULAB0DJ8CA34	1	Destroyed the dashboard of my newly-purchased car I put the iOttie on the dashboard of my newly-purchased Porsche for one weekend and it has permanently damaged the dashboard. This thing will destroy your car! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!
RQ24IMNDO16P0	4	Four Stars Just great.
R1QORV4335IYSM	5	Five Stars Excellent product. i recommend to buy.... nice look and tough too
R1FR7Q1VECSUOV	1	Recharge slow. Not enough power to charge my cell ... Recharge slow.  Not enough power to charge my cell phone.
RDCKQVC3P969	3	Does not fit 6+ LifeProof Looked nice,  but did not fit my 6plus LifeProof case!
R26UGOZ0AU44PP	4	Four Stars Good
R3C0BWHD5CXLKB	4	Four Stars Good
RNIN6NE239ZEP	2	I fix iPhones as a little side job and recommend they buy your screens but lately I've been telling ... I fix iPhones as a little side job and recommend they buy your screens but lately I've been telling them different. Your screens come in perfect condition but the gram attached to the glass comes apart very easily and shows light coming from inside the phone. This can be frustrating because there is no way to attach the plastic back to the glass, please take this into consideration when making new screens.
R2MVFZNBPO054M	5	Five Stars I am very happy with it
R2KPD709AA8OCK	3	Three Stars you need to buy a better antenna to make this work well
R3E0CN9GC71BLW	4	Father Time Product was as described and arrived on time.
R2U1GFHBHO91Z6	5	Five Stars really works
R1L1XKFY3M6CLL	4	Four Stars Just as described.
R86N73575HJ5K	5	great case. being on a farm i have no ... great case.  being on a farm i have no worries when it comes to keeping my phone safe.  it is harder to hear when talking to anyone but i just put it on speaker phone and problem solved
R3TMM411QE0VAD	5	Happy! The case came between the estimated delivery date. It looks great and protects my phone fabulously. I dropped my phone with this case and not a scratch. I'm really happy with this case! :)
R31IXIXGUURNWC	2	Cheap and does the job for about a month. Temporary screen protector. Had it for almost 2 months, noticed after a month it got a huge air bubble on the bottom left, right on the corner. I guess it lost it's stickiness. Then just today it got scratches a butt ton from my iphone case. So much for anti-scratch. For the price it's fine. But I wouldn't pay full price for it.
R2LRI8XX1ZJKT6	5	Great Buy The phone was in perfect condition and works like brand new.
R2QUKRTGC4FBK9	5	works great for both Got this for our I phone 6 plus, and Samsung 5, works great for both phones
R111HY0URW4JDS	1	Didn't Last Purchased July 15, 2015 fell apart August 28, 2015.  Not a good value purchase.
R143RBR6R3ORO0	2	Doesn't work Solar panels don't actually charge the battery. Set it out in the sun all day and no charge is accrued. Only charges if you plug it in.
R13E0ZUBDFNKZA	2	Magnet is too small the magnetic closure has a small magnet so it doesn´t close properly most of the times.
R213W4EOWZAMP	2	Looks good, offers little protection Fits well, but both pieces are hard plastic.  Failed to prevent damage to phone from accidental drop like my previous case was able to (Seidio Active)
R1YVEGNKDHLQ8U	5	Five Stars It's great
RQY2S3R6A50FT	3	I like the look and durability but don't like that you ... I like the look and durability but don't like that you cannot login with the thumb and it covers the back camera
RDA7VDXWX7G47	5	Five Stars 😊
R3GSAPJPVYI75Y	2	Not working Did not sync with my phone and have had no luck with it working
R1COZNTQMGMHUE	5	Easy to use Looks great and works well.
R1Y2G77V936VPQ	5	good i love love love this case, it's so cute and girlie as i expected it to be and it came on time, definitely will do more business!!!
R2409VZK08MZ64	5	I love this case, protective and attractive Love this case. It's thin, attractive, rugged... better than the first version I got from Spigen. The S5 gets a bit warm from the CPU sometimes, but this case is easily removed if needed. I run A LOT... this fits into the armband including the case! There's a lip this protrudes ever so slightly around the glass to lift and protect it... the case is sharp and professional looking. The rubberized corner and end pieces don't mark up and don't impede the fiction of any charge or earphone jack... the camera and the finger heart beat sensor work perfectly... in fact, the finger heartbeat sensor are easier to align now!
R350V5EKCME486	5	Five Stars Other than I cannot figure out how to delete items from this telephone, it works great
R27BKPG7F8EP5A	5	Cost effective purchase Absolutely a great product and cost way below product quality. I love it!
R2S7C1LMSBELY7	5	Does the job just plain works.
R2YDO31CRMU8ZW	5	Favorite new phone case. 1 week in. Quality feels excellent for $. This has 3 card slots and the cash pocket so be aware. I hope the 6s+ case is of equal or better design.
RF4VPR205IJFZ	4	Great protective case. I work at a factory, operating fork trucks and tuggers, and I needed something to protect my phone in case of a drop. I believe I bought the right case for the job.  About a day in using the product, my phone accidentally fell down the stairs in my home landing on the hardwood floor. It must have hit the steps around 3 or 4 times. Upon inspecting the phone, both case and phone were scuff free. What a relief.  My only complaint with this case is my phone came with one of the glassy screen protectors, and the film on the case isn't plush with the screen. It makes it so little things can get into the hole where the home button is (like sand or dirt) and you have to be firm with your touch to get to the touch screen. I also would like a white version of the case to match my white phone, but oh well.
R2JO0PG9T70ZB	5	Five Stars I like it!
R2ONWYCTZ6F350	4	Absolutely amazing for such a small price tag!! So impressed with this headset - insanely comfortable with a good load of soft padding that means I can take them off after a good few hours as if I'd never had them on at all - no pain.
R3EQLJ5VP0V668	5	Five Stars Makes driving an ease when using GPS which is why I purchased this for my son. He just got his license and I wanted him to be able to see the GPS without looking down at his phone.  He tells me he could really feel the difference from a safety perspective.  Yay for mom!
RP579K111TT1U	3	Three Stars It works well. I've had a few issues staying connected though.
RM2ZXB86CMJ4A	5	I really like that there is a bit of side and corner ... I really like that there is a bit of side and corner protection. The main attraction for me was the amount of angles once could use the tablet in. Aside from the 3 indentations, you can also fold a cover in for 2 additional viewing angles. I could care less the magnetic strip used for the auto-wake function and quick opening/closing but it's a neat feature for those who want it. I've had my case for over a year and it still works and looks just like new.
R2UFNMV6MGEP3R	5	Five Stars Awesome
R29XWZWZ4H3JRH	4	Glad they fit my Blue Ant Perfect replacement for my lost ear hooks
R18M4KUATMO0HE	2	Good camera, bad power adapter. I've used this dashcam for a couple of weeks now and while the camera itself is great, the power adapter that comes with it is so unshielded that it actually interferes with the FM radio in my car.  I've tried moving the cable around and other solutions but no matter what I try as soon as I plug the adapter to the camera or any device, it immediately kills my radio reception across multiple frequencies.  I switched to using a different USB car power adapter and the interference went away, so it's definitely the adapter that came with the camera.
R165Q2269B3K6T	5	Husband loves it. He ordered this to replace his ... Husband loves it.  He ordered this to replace his current one that has too scratched of lens.
R3G2WQ5A022TVN	5	Five Stars Just as described.
R351OYXX3EDTVI	5	Five Stars Loved the case. Hated my ex. Easily flammable.
R1HEV3S01U2PCX	5	I used it for two years and loved it. Now my 12 yr old son is ... I used it for two years and loved it. Now my 12 yr old son is using it. Worth the money!
ROBZL1JPSIF0P	5	Five Stars LOVE MY LITTLE REMINDER OF JESUS! I KEEP IT ON MY KEYCHAIN!
RYWUUGXGA0HOP	2	Worked.... Kinda These are great for the price if you ONLY want to charge your device. They did not work for data transfer.
R19GKJOZKSGFD5	5	Five Stars Perfect
R2Z19Z7HE9PYLJ	1	works if you have a small phone I wonder what phone actually fits in-between the steering wheel mines didn't (iphone 6/ Mazda 2)
R334H0TGKWCCLK	1	One Star Didn't even work :/
R1AHJ31JQQK6JT	5	Great product The mic works great. Wish I had purchased it sooner.
R12BXS2KSNWX8J	4	My review. The rubber handle part slides up and down and so sometimes the button is not aligned with the slip cover and therefore will not work correctly.
R1LMGNRH2UN082	4	Four Stars Very nice i iwll buy it again.
R5L0ZI15S5VZT	5	Five Stars it charges real fast
R1915UA6K5FSO5	2	Not happy.. Not happy...worked great for the first couple of days, now they don't stay plugged in, keep falling out. Don't want to wiggle around so much so my port doesn't get messed up.
R3K44GQXWGJ0JP	5	Five Stars good quality
R17QT22HQMJ4DI	1	It did not fit my iPhone 6. Shipping cost ... It did not fit my iPhone 6.  Shipping cost too much to return it considering what it cost.  Now out of money and can't use it.
R14AC76XB8PCQZ	5	Nice comfortable set of phones Nice comfortable set of phones...great stereo sound...customer service is fantastic...My pair were delivered damaged and I got a replacement in two days.
R35OOOG4XY17XW	5	This case is amazing! It's slim but sturdy This case is amazing! It's slim but sturdy. It doesn't add bulk to my phone at all. The rubberized egdes wrap around the lip of the phone and protects the front edges nicely and provide a good grip while holding the phone. Will definately purchase more! :)
R2SHXL31OG8WSW	1	Not right order I ordered a iPhone 6 Case & received a iPhone 5 case. 👿
R3K5CA2SDQOWPQ	5	Five Stars An iPhone 6 with an Apple case on it fits in the armband.
R153KYPD695L5	3	Cute but looks cheap Was super cute at first. But the &#34;wood&#34; print started fading almost immediately. Still cute from a distance. But not very professional looking up close.
R3QLXINBHPSF4G	5	wow First time user.Fast shipping. Great multi used battery charger and flashlight all in 1 and easy to use.
R46UU2UT05CB7	5	I would recommend these hold the charge, charger is a convenient touch.  I would recommend these batteries
R1412JA2V6VU9T	5	Awesome Phone!!! Asus has a great future if they keep it up. (+) Awesome performance as expected. (+) Zen UI very user-friendly and highly customizeable. (+) All bloatware uninstallable (+) Camera flash powerful (+) Good grip for a big phone - Due to the thought behind the design.  (-) Removing the back panel for the first time is tough - google-in on how to, there is a method. (-) Power hardware button not responsive - But thank you touch screen double tap on. (-) Camera not great, but ok - SW tries to fix the HW limitations (-) Screen colors are not very bright. - not a major concern as its easy on my eyes (-) No original back panels sold separately - thus far. (-) Fast charge heats the battery. Worried that it will make the overall battery's life span less as its abused by heat - I use my husbands regular Sony charger occasionally. (-) Weak speaker.
R3FIQ4LWPHC7VL	5	Five Stars Great product I really was inpressed with packaging
R1DRKQ8LZDD5TG	5	It is NOT for the week hearted but it does work great. Tool failed when used Saved my iPod!!  It is NOT for the week hearted but it does work great.  Tool failed when used.  The battery did not last 6 months!  I am not impressed!!
R3FYWS5NNFNRE1	5	Five Stars Great product. Fast shipping.
R2U450Q9333M3K	4	Very nicely made little pouch Very nicely made little pouch, hard exterior protects my Nano Ipod. The hard exterior also means if I am listening and touch the pouch the setting do not change!  Love the colour, I have the plum one.  It fits the Ipod but it a bit short if I want to zip it up with the head phone jack plugged in.
R2L0JSRCZS6ZSV	4	They are okay They are okay.  They need to be just a little bit longer.  Otherwise they are good.
RB4WI5VG787RK	4	and I really enjoyed using it Got it while it was on sale. It does the job well, and I really enjoyed using it.
R21CUKB96ELYC0	5	Five Stars good for price
R38U864NMIDRCJ	4	Four Stars Wonderful! I love this case. It fits incredible my Galaxy S6 edge. Four stars just because the shipping delay.
R33VWM1R67EBWU	3	Decent for the price The picture is ok but I knew it wasn't going to be the best before I bought it. For the price it was worth it.
R3PHGAUOX33EC	5	Five Stars Pleased with this case
R105BNI3XY311T	5	Love it! Looks JUST like the photo and I like the no slip grip on the side of the case. I guess mine isn't slipping b/c I put a magnet insert in the back for a hands free car mount.
RS2XDBCA60QM2	5	Best investment I made in recent trip to Scotland Best investment I made in recent trip to Scotland. It gave me a single point to recharge our phones, pads, reader, and toothbrush! A real life saver.
R821LWCD2MJRR	1	Very dissatisfied. The car charger has ready become defective ... Very dissatisfied. The car charger has ready become defective and it's only a few days past 30days so I'm unable to return.
R2BK4PMK6I59O7	4	Nifty set of earphones, portable I have had these headphones for over a week now and I can say that I like them.  This is my first pair of bluetooth earphones so I was very excited when I received my item.  The packaging is AMAZING.  Honestly, this is one of the best shipments I have ever received as far as packaging.Upon opening the box, I immediately tested the product out.  It is very simple to sync to my iphone, and fits well in my ears.  Turning on and off is simple too with its audio commands.  I have since used them while at work, as well while I cut my grass.  They stay in place, there is not a long cord connecting me to a phone, and the charge life on mine is sufficient for my need.  I received this item at a discount for an unbiased review.
RJYWUI4LUE1R5	4	Four Stars works pretty good everyone says they hear me fine
R22REFT6UQ5O6D	5	Five Stars nice product
R3KRIRP84BLZEL	5	Very good charger, so good I purchased another one Very good charger, so good I purchased another one. I have the Galaxy S4 with 7500 zerolemon battery and charger works flawlessly.
R12U2JDNU9BMKM	5	Five Stars Came on time!! The case in very light and works perfectly.
RRVXJO43T2JB5	2	Charges quickly but the light on the end is too ... Charges quickly but the light on the end is too sensitive. If I use my phone while plugged in it shines in my eyes
ROY8SO1TWCK1L	2	... i got it out of the box wasn't very happy. the lights for caps lock and num lock were broke when i got it out of the box wasn't very happy.
R16PT5P302SGER	4	So I NEED a good protective case ALL THE TIME [[VIDEOID:4a3c457c525011e8a0c9f3ed4929278]]I am extremely hard on my Iphone. If it's not being dropped on the ground it's being sat on! I am forever dropping my phone, always trying to carry to many things at once and my phone gets the grunt of it. So I NEED a good protective case ALL THE TIME. When this came up for review- yup- I wanted in. It arrived and I so loved my color choice. It comes in so many color choices that there's a perfect color choice for everyone. But the Lime Green and Grey is the BEST in my humble opinion. The case has multiple layers, a plastic protective screen cover, a silicone cover and a hard case. The combination of the three makes this a really durable case. I originally thought it would be bulky but I was proven wrong. It's nice and sleek. My wireless wasn't interfered with either and the case has what I call a kick stand. I can prop up my phone to watch movies or videos.  Talk about convenience! Overall I honestly like this case. I did drop my phone- Shock right? It bounced. My phone is still working just fine waiting to take all the future abuse poor lil `ole me can give it.  I received a discount for this product for quality testing and in return I am offering my 100% opinion and review whether it is good or bad. The opinions are of my own, from my own testing of said product and no other compensation, whether paid or otherwise, was given.  #TQR
R2MRUP5Q91TOUQ	4	Four Stars Its works great. Stay in place, doesnt come lose in time.
RIZMBRXWIEJ2P	3	Didn't last long Didn't last very long.  I would've liked to have gotten a year out of it at least.  I know I can be rough on these cords, but I'm not that rough.
R299HAH7IMNEAL	5	Five Stars Great Product
R14BE6OQTN1IUW	5	Love this phone case Love this phone case! Fits perfectly on my iPhone 6 plus. Got here in less than a week. Nice packaging!!
R3CAP6175COOHQ	2	It looks great at first but was broke soon within a month It looks great at first but was broke soon within a month. What is the use of it if it breaks without dropping the phone? I did not even carry it everyday so I was very disappointed by the poor quality. Don't buy it. It's a waste of money.
R2B18VZ2DCZL4L	1	works on phone not on tablet Both cords out of the box will charge my iPhone6, neither one will charge my iPad Air.  The iPad dings as though it has been plugged in and then it shows the message &#34;not charging&#34;
R1V2WQ5E3Q56XO	1	This cord was torn when it arrived. My husband ... This cord was torn when it arrived. My husband and I waited a month to receive the cord. We had to throw it away
R1OY5YDHF0OF8B	5	Five Stars great
RSRJPQTCA21VL	4	... devices at a time but other then that I loved the product It works well but it is made rather cheaply and the front plastic clear cap falls of a lot also there is not much space between the two ports making a little difficult to plug in two devices at a time but other then that I loved the product.
R2JFLEEZZ5BQ4D	1	DO NOT BUY Horrible quality!! I went through six in under a month
R3F36DHTDL99D9	5	Five Stars Perfect fit.  Looks great!  VERY pleased.
R1DZIRTTGVBI27	5	Five Stars Thank you!
R2Y6OF25O95XRE	5	Five Stars Great product! Prompt delivery as well.
R1HGICMF3ZCRV0	3	Good idea. Needs improvement Good design very poorly executed. The gripper mechanism does not work
R1DKX6SV64LJTB	5	Five Stars My husband loves it!!
RZFE1JCSZ7Q31	5	Five Stars Loveing my case
R2WY8NWQYOA24Q	5	Buy the version 2.0 Had two of the lime green color stands sent to me that had manufacturer defects. JETech has been great about making sure I was satisfied and sent me the updated version and it works great. The craftsmanship of the updated version is miles ahead of the old version.
R3L3XSYMMGU0W3	4	Great case Good case, needs more space for cards.
R1KGO848XRFYQS	4	Four Stars Fit as expected
R16ZXH1KVH3EFV	2	As everyone else has noted the holes dont line up ... As everyone else has noted the holes dont line up for the corner brackets. Its not worth the cost of returning but hey it was a $15 screen so what are you going to do? Personally I installed it and redrilled the holes to make the piece work.
R33DFEOAIUSZBO	5	... time to have a case from Spigen and I like the sleek design of the case It is my first time to have a case from Spigen and I like the  sleek design of the case. It really protected my cellphone.
R2SN4B1CNGPB5H	5	Excelent. The only one problem i have with it ... Excelent. The only one problem i have with it is that it last too much to charge.. but its 10k mah how not?
RI48RA320O029	2	Its not stable! It didnt work on my Toyota Venza. It has nice design, but if you want to to remove/ attach the phone several time during the day, you should get something that is sturdy and stable.
R2LFKNT29ZSUQD	2	Good sound headphones, that's all Good headphones, easy delivery, esay to use. The only bad thing is there is no other earplugs to accomodate your ear .. what you see is what you get, also it comes with a separate plastic cover to use I guess when you using them so sweat doesnt get to the buttons but it doesnt make it easier to use. It also used to disconnect out of nowhere..  not a good buy
R2H2QONMLKMGDH	2	Not a good replacement battery After fully charged it only lasts 1/2 a day before it needs charging again. Would not refer a person to buy this product, am in the process of requesting a full refund
R2Y7I8ATQCW783	4	Works well! Charges the phone just fine.  Have not had any problems.  Will try some more when on camping and fishing trips...
R12ZWGZW9L2Q0C	1	One Star it did not work after only two weeks of using it . very dissapointed
R1VA1BYQIIX96G	2	Two Stars Not good I wouldn't recommend.
R36Y05QRJS0XK6	5	Five Stars liked it
R19XQHFCJMVAWE	5	wireless charger Very pleased. Works great and no hassle easy to use
R2M7O5U1JU26UB	5	As shown So many items I've ordered end up being a different color once I get them. This, I'm proud to report, was not one of them. It looks exactly as photoed here.  The green is pretty, and unique. It isn't neon or dark, it is somewhat in between. A darkened neon, perhaps? It's see through as well so you are able to see the apple logo clearly. The bumper is white and plastic, but very sturdy.  This will protect your phone well. It is cushiony and secures the phone well, especially with that added bumper. It's very pretty, fits well, and stands out compared to some standard cases.  *I purchased this product at a discount. This review contains my honest and unbiased feedback. All thoughts/opinions are my own entirely.
R718XR4HJOKQC	5	Five Stars great product and fast service.  will recharge your phone in no time!
R2MZ7L7Z67SA9M	1	Doesn't fit Couldn't get this case on to save my life!!
R264IB6894SACX	5	High Quality digitizer worked well on my kids iPad. ... High Quality digitizer worked well on my kids iPad. With a help of Youtube video, i was able to repair this on my own.
R1U796TOM1X243	5	Smaller is sometimes better... Great fit. I would almost venture to say that it is a better fit than the previous screen protector I was replacing. Due to the curved nature of the phone screen near the edges, there is a narrow ring around the edge of the screen protector that does not sit flush for most brands of screen protectors. This leads to dust and lint getting under the edge of the screen protector and eventually allowing it to lift away from the screen (this is what happened with my previous screen protector). The iLLumiShield protector fits just the flush portion of the screen (which means that it is actually SMALLER than most other screen protectors, but that is a good thing in this case), and hopefully will not be prone to dust and lint getting under the edge of the screen protector. Very satisfied so far (2 weeks of use).  Will update if situation changes.
R2A03AXREO67TV	5	Works Great! Itemas described! Works Great!
R1OL776D8KOBKB	2	Not a universal fit It does not fit my phone very well (iPhone 6 with Otterbox Defender case) and does not hang low enough from my rearview mirror (Honda CR-V) to fit my phone. Looking at ways to rig it so it's usable.
R2EUG9Q4T1WU80	3	Three Stars Not as sturdy
RRZL60D95MLHY	5	Just so happy with this case Just so happy with this case. I've only ever bought one other case, but it wasn't as great as this one. I drop my phone regularly and it just bounces, unscathed. The kickstand is handy.
R1X8R1D77LV3F0	4	Works wonderful, takes great pictures in the case Works wonderful, takes great pictures in the case. Phone calls are clear. Only negitive is that i find it hard to open.
R3IRKG4CSZSSUH	5	Proven: Car roof ready I have had no problems with this case and recommend it highly.  It fits great and protects well enough that falling off a car roof at 25mph and tumbling on the road a bit did not cause any damage to my, er, my friend's phone.  Yeah, that's it.  My friend.
R112SL6M87RSA4	1	this stand stinks!!! it doesn't stay up ... this stand stinks!!! it doesn't stay up , keeps falling down every time i attempt to set it up.  iYou get waht you pay for. :/
RDK3B41C77PU7	1	Great product but after couple weeks stopped working Great product but after couple weeks stopped working. I Kept it in perfect condition also. No sweating , no drops , no water and still stopped working. Cheap quality. DO NOT BUY!
RZHQ9NRMDW8RB	5	Very good product! Awesome! Charges my Note 3 very quick.
R2BHRG4N3LCSX0	5	Five Stars Love the case feels great looks great pretty pink color takes drops well
RK1TGZ8RLHVAL	3	Plastic cover is coming off at the lightening end it has been about 3 months and it still works but the plastic cover is coming off at the lightening end. I think it is the begining of the issue and it is going to stop working soon. I am going to give it another month and return it. I will update in a month with what happens.
R1O2SQEQM4N1ZH	5	great product this is a great product, i received a discount on my order for a fair review, its made very well.
R2FOJZDGL48S80	3	Three Stars Its nice for what I paid for it.
R1I3NWLIU496NK	5	Cute design and nice color assortment I needed a thin-tip stylus pen to highlight eTextbook lines in my Fire HD 6 and these work very well!
R2JNM9VK9U9YXQ	5	Get one it works It's great!  The windshield mount kept popping off and scary the crap out of me!
R1KSVGFZEHUO12	4	Four Stars Product arrived ahead of schedule and performs as anticipated.
R3M33HGJF2N8O0	5	So far the case is being sturdy and doing it's job Very cute case. My daughter loves the princess in her iphone. So far the case is being sturdy and doing it's  job.
R2S79IM5FU24C3	1	Handle Defective Handle did not correctly line up with button once opened. You get what you pay for.
R1GXBOA7BSZK3P	2	Disappointing I only gave these 2 stars because they do not hold a charge for more than 2 hours...  that's very inconvenient since they take so long to charge.  Otherwise they have pretty good sound and a fair range, you really can't get too far from your phone and I found they don't really work with my iPod at all.  Very disappointing!
R23U8GARSI660N	4	Four Stars Great product! As advertised
R2T8IFA4BAI6KL	5	I like the stand but don't like that it can only ... Cute case, make sure you get a screen cover for the front of the phone. I like the stand but don't like that it can only stand one way. Makes it easier to watch videos on my phone without holding it
R3CODWGGA3CA2A	1	One Star Very poor quality!
R24B848X3YRQ9U	5	My Note8 last all day now The battery Works Great. The tools I needed came with the battery, Was very easy to replace.
RH69W18P7J4TT	2	Two Stars Wrong product to expensive to send back
R3HMH69YJK4Z4T	5	Five Stars Very nice and clear
R257H9MXANBINS	3	Possibly bad connection for what ever reason Music  sounds clear but about two weeks into using  the there was some crackling  that happen  twice  a couple  days apart iv only had the about 4 weeks now and it's only  happened twice. Possibly  bad connection  for what ever reason,  I am using  a galaxy 4  phone  my range away from my phone is about 40 ft  the only other real issue  other than the crackling  that has only happened twice is that at times I have to keep readjusting them in my ear because they fall out now this my be an issue with my ear shape but over all I really  like them as long as the crackling doesn't  continue  I am a firefight is south Georgia and wear  these when I train so the heat and sweat play a factor in keeping them snug in my ear . However  they do not drawn out background  noise  too good  but the music is very  clear so you still hear your beats very good but can also distinguish other noises  which is a good thing when I'm listening  for an emergency  dispatch as well.  Over all a month into having them I feel the money was well spent .
R202ALVKKHLQB6	4	... the test that it said to do that worked great but on my case the part that opens and ... the waterproof case works underwater I did the test that it said to do that worked great but on my case the part that opens and closes for you to charge your phone broke just two weeks after I put it on my phone so now it's no longer waterproof  I think it hey need to fix that one part or make its just the that was sent to me all in all the case does it job
R2ZFZBNU01GXOY	5	It is what I was expecting plus It is a ... It is what I was expecting plus It is a peace of mind the warranty that came with it.  Thanks!
R2D2FCGEXI1G22	5	Excellent Product Very good quality, transfer speeds are great.
R1WGE87A7YI608	4	LOVE IT Came on time, the color is different from the picture tho, it looks whiter in person
R3ALQLA4KPMNHN	5	Five Stars Worked just fine and the price was affordable...
RXWSOFGR5KX6A	2	Almost looks like plastic. Can only fit 5 cards comfortably Color is dull/ugly in person. Almost looks like plastic. Can only fit 5 cards comfortably. Hole for stylus access is sharp and uncomfortable.
RUZ4U2WHUNOKP	5	The heavy duty phone case for 100% protection This is such an amazing case not only does it look awesome it protects my phone 100%. It comes in three layers the first is made of rubber which fits perfectly over my phone. The case doesn't stretch like most rubber cases and it keeps my phone in place (and trust me I've already dropped out a few times and my phone didn't get any damage or fall out. The next layer is plastic and has a stand for easy no hands access which is great when I'm watching videos, cooking, or playing music without muffling the sound. And then there is the plastic case with a clip that I fit on my pants so I can have it easily accessible for when I'm at work. So if I'm not wearing pockets I still can have my phone on me and again it was made to stay in place and not slip or fall off! Every piece was built with high quality materials for durability and ultimate protection. I absolutely love my phone case and you will too! I received this product at a discounted rate for an unbiased review.
R1UV3A3SAM2JGX	5	Quality Kit at a Great Price Great kit! It has everything I needed and made my installation a breeze.  I will buy this kit again for future installations if it is still available.
R9ER7JXUWDWMR	5	Awesome! Absolutely love this power bank!! Charges my phone fast and helps me to keep up with my customers for my business!
R1USF2639LRUO2	5	Five Stars Exactly as pictured and just what I wanted. Delivered promptly.
R1NB4BHYUB6VMB	5	Best iPhone car holder The holder is robust and keep my phone in place, also very easy to remove.
R1S4RBG9LUK26N	3	Case worked great unless you took pics with flash on then you ... Case worked great unless you took pics with flash on then you would get green hue on all pictures.
R1W6LCBG44JTSD	3	Too Hard to Actuate Buttons Through Case The only quibble I have with this case is the amount of force required to activate the cell phone volume and on/off buttons. The case buttons are too stiff. Other than that the case is very trim and looks good.
R2YXWX8881BDHJ	5	Five Stars good for price
R1JN9VC3YZI44T	5	Great product, works awesome in the right Great product , works awesome in the right station
R1Z9WQY689HO52	4	Four Stars its okay product
RMYAQDUO64J14	5	great case love love love.
R2HGIQXWEBZWZ7	1	Bad case this case it was delivered four days later then expect. it's tight and it really doesn't fit my phone when I put it on it takes the back off of my phone. I hate this case. It took so long I just went the the place I bought my phone n bought on for 20$ it's nicer and I needed one asap. This is crap and I don't recommend.
R28RA1K8HJ54Y1	5	Works on iOS without any additional apps needed. [iOS] Right out of the packaging the Bluetooth connection was efficient and easy.  Works exactly as advertised when using the iOS camera app, without any additional apps needed.  You press the button and it fires the shutter.  I've taken a few dozen shots with no glitches.  It doesn't trigger my Camera+ app however, although I haven't installed any CamKix apps to bridge that process.  Durability of the fob is probably adequate, but it's not something I'd want to drop too many times or step on.
R2VW6XBUDX9SM9	2	Car charger did not work. The car charger never worked.
R2GVSIW2SX95JE	5	Five Stars Excellent
RDJI9OAV54GRL	5	I loved the quick service and the headset I loved the quick service and the headset.  It is very comfortable to wear and easy to operate.  I haven't really had an opportunity to assess the sound quality, but will write another review to share my opinion.
R67OQGOYPY578	5	Five Stars Great headphones to workout in.
R1WOF6GXJJI9FD	4	UPDATE - Issue Resolved UPDATE 10/9/15 - I emailed Gear Beast Customer Service after they left a comment on this review.  They apologized for Amazon's old stock and offered to replace my arm band with no extra cost or effort on my part.  The replacement does support an iPhone 6 Plus comfortably.  I have updated my review from 2 Stars to 4 Stars and applaud the Customer Service I received from Gear Beast.  They definitely stand by their customers.  I saw reviewer complaints that the cutouts for the iPhone 6 Plus were on the wrong side, but I also saw the company reply to those comments saying the issue had been fixed.  The one that immediately comes to mind was dated October 2014.  Based on this, I purchased the item for my iPhone 6 Plus, assuming the issue was resolved.  Well, either the company lied about the issue being fixed, or I got some seriously old inventory.  My item, received July 2015, had the cutout on the wrong side.  The phone fits, but I have to leave the end flap open in order to plug in the headphones.  It works fine while walking (I just position the open flap facing upwards so the phone doesn't slip out the bottom), but I'm not sure if this will hold up to running.  Unfortunately, I discovered this too late to return the item.  I'm pretty disappointed that the company is still sending out defective products.  Item is otherwise comfortable, so I'll give it 2 stars for that alone.
R3OIHP1IJ8RKRB	5	Great protection and you will get your money's worth! This is a great and affordable case! I have kept one of these on my phone since my $50 Otter Box only lasted a few months before breaking. I am working on my second case since the first one only lasted a few months before it needed to be replaced. I would highly recommend giving it a try, replacing a $9 case after 4 months is so much better than replacing a $50 one. It will not last forever, but you will get your money out of it and it protects your phone great. My phone has been dropped countless times and held up. My advice is to keep only one card per slot to not stretch out the slots. That is what keeps happening to mine.
R2JNIUSR8Z6SC6	5	Five Stars case snapped on easily but now phone does not fit in carry case.
R1ZMTVT6R4L68O	5	Great battery, Great price. I love this battery. It works great holding a charge longer then the original battery. Gives me more time to play games on my phone. This would also be a great back up battery incase you run out of power on the go. Using this as the primary battery in my Galaxy S III for 9 months so far and have only ran out of power a couple of days. A few times forgot to charge my phone at night or I was playing games on my phone between classes and drained my battery.
R3DGXU5GD7AOPZ	5	Five Stars LIKE THS PRODUCT AS WELL
RVBKQS3HEUBL8	5	Five Stars very good product
R1PF9EO1MUJ8D4	5	Five Stars Great phone at a great price.
R3LWZYN9GADWOD	5	White color very pretty. Thanks This is what I need. It looks small but fit the charger. White color very pretty. Thanks.
R1YVIMLDRQ8OL7	5	Five Stars I love this iPhone wallet . Works perfectly!
R169OXWX26I7LB	5	THIS IS REAL NICE HOLDS YOUR CELL PHONE ON THE VENT VERY EASY ... THIS IS REAL NICE HOLDS YOUR CELL PHONE ON THE VENT VERY EASY TO MOUNT . REQUIRE VERY LITTLE ASSEMBLING . NOT LIKE A LOT OF THEM YOU GET AND HAVE TO PUT ON DASH AND THEN THE STUFF USED IS STUCK UNTIL YOU FIND SOMETHING TO TAKE IT OFF WITH . THIS IS VERY PORTABLE YOU CAN PUT IT IN ANY VEHICLE . I PURCHASED THIS CAR MOUNT AT A REDUCED PRICE AN EXCHANGE FOR A TRUTHFUL AND UNBIASED REVIEW .[[ASIN:B00QAXY27S Car Mount, Nexcon Magnetic Cradle-less Universal Car Phone Air vent Mount Holder for iPhone 6, 6 plus, 5, 5s, 4, Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge S5 S4 S3 Note 4 3, HTC M9 M8, LG G4, G3, Black]]
R2KOPCV5D24PVY	2	Two Stars The case looked good but it was only one week till it started to tear the belt clip
R1NQ437WW8N7E4	5	Nice Nicely made, good material. It does obscure my phones camera and I need to reconfigure the phone case design, but it's fine as it is before and after. I would buy again.
R20RPQNI5M2HLH	5	this case for the price is amazing. Nice firm rubber this case for the price is amazing. Nice firm rubber, great color I feel its gonna hold up awhile. my only issue now is I need a belt clip for it.
RD4D2BIRALPPX	3	OK device.. not amazing. The first device I received broke after a week of use. I ordered another device, this one seems to be working ok so far, though it hasn't been that long so we will see what happens. Fingers crossed....
R33ELB91UYGOK1	5	Five Stars Super handy.  Great find.
R6EIP05X3MSVM	1	He picture was cool but the phone case looked nothing like the picture He picture was cool but the phone case looked nothing like the picture. It was screen printed on there and all stretched out like there was no effort involved putting it together. Don't waste your money.
RT9107VVV0ZWS	3	Average Great Sound. Great Quality. Battery runs out pretty quick. No power save or auto shut off mode.
R3U3UQV1C77WWR	1	Only good as a short term fill in product Cheaply made.  Only good as a short term fill in product.
R1I29B3P49M7B3	5	Amazing amp for the money Amazing amp for the money.  Originally had it hooked up to the shallow 10&#34; pioneer sub, now I'm running a JL 13w6 and it still powers it like a champ.  Haven't had any problems what so ever.
R1C2FM4PVOU3IE	3	Nice color... Delivery was quick! I was very excited to have received this case for my phone, but was a tad disappointed. The case doesn't seem to fit my phone correctly, even though its the correct size for it. Color is nice, just not the best design. Just hoping that if my phone drops, the case stays on.
R308LRX29IO0JR	5	Five Stars Terrific!
R3PB22PJD8BIQQ	3	Cute but slow Very overpriced but, of course, I knew that when I bought it and decided it was cute enough to overpay for it.  The reason I took away one star is because of how weak it is.  It will charge my phone overnight but my tablet takes forever.  And the tablet drains energy faster than it charges, if I'm trying to use it while it is plugged in.  Update: took off another star because it will no longer charge my tablet at all.  Since my tablet charges just fine on our other chargers, it has to be this adorable little droid causing the trouble.  Bummer!
R14LCHF011F2XZ	5	feels the same quality is the same maybe the internals are different but i can't notice them overall i really love the brand Sol ok , Do i see a difference from this model in comparison with the regular UV5RA nope. feels the same quality is the same maybe the internals are different but i can't notice them overall i really love the brand Solid product!
R3GD13VPSMYOTB	4	She tends to be a bit rough with her electronics so this case was perfect for her I purchased his case for my 11 year daughter. She tends to be a bit rough with her electronics so this case was perfect for her. It's quite sturdy however, it came with a clip back to it and the phone in the case doesn't even fit in it. I'm not sure if it was randomly thrown into my order or not but it's rather useless-hence the 4 star.
R10TZ5V8DWA0CY	5	Activatiion was no problem and adding minutes was quick and easy. My wife saw it and played around with ... This Tracfme is evetything advertised and ecverything I wanted. I have no use for a smartphone. Activatiion was no problem and adding minutes was quick and easy. My wife saw it and played around with it a bit, thin asked mi to order one exactly the same to replace her contract phone. Very intuitive.
R2C7WDPURWPMGA	1	One Star Broke at the first time when on the floor and I cannot return it
RT9EIHRUX23C6	5	Five Stars Great value. No problems
R1MN5L8A17KAMM	5	Works perfectly right out of the box I purchased this to work with an old polycom unit I had from the 90's.  It works perfectly and now I can use the Polycom for my long conference calls with multiple people in the room.
R2YVHLCN0GPR2L	5	Best I've ever used! I bought these earbuds, and I have such small ears that most others done stay in ears...even just walking. But with this, I can move in every which way, walk, jog and move my head back and forth and they don't budge! Great value! And I love the Bluetooth feature so I don't have to worry about a long cord bouncing around or getting tangled! Highly recommend!
R289VBMGMNYWNS	5	Five Stars My daughter loves it good product.
RLP95PAU95J07	1	I could never get this item to work and i ... I could never get this item to work and i didn't use it until after 30 return policy expired lesson learned always test product immediately.
RVSRX0WHKJKTZ	4	Four Stars Excellent Bluetooth for the price.
RP4HD5OY2EY5T	4	Four Stars Very good audio system
R13XV9XKTNJET0	1	One Star love idea of thicker cord but my phone rejects it
RW6DLXSUBBY9L	4	Good case, good price, good heavens. Great, cheap case. Def get this is you are on the fence but want to save money. This case has kept my wife's 6+ safe from a toddler for a year now. The only drawback is the strange plastic covering over the passcode ID button. It wrinkles and warps a bit so using this would not be possible.
R2S5RGFWNQKMNH	5	Five Stars Love itt. It keeps my phone nice and dry, can't wait to use it on my vacation
R3B3C1EXH2L179	4	Pretty good for a cheap little case Pretty good for a cheap little case. Doesn't protect much but it was more for looks than protection. The pink is a litttttle but more dark than in the picture but I think it's because in the picture it's on the white phone and mine is gray.
R3IFJJ4ZAYMUCG	5	It works as advertising. It works as advertising.
R2MNYGS4I5GTGQ	5	Excellent Value for price This headset is an excellent product especially for the price.  It was a little tricky at first getting the bluetooth to connect but once connected, the headset worked like a charm.  I use my mobile phone as my work phone and this headset makes it sound like I am on my handset and it does have decent amount of noise cancelling.  I would definitely recommend this wireless headset.
R1VB339E26XG0X	4	Four Stars good
R3P9BG9TGZBV0M	1	One Star Love the way it looks but it started peeling the first week I had it. 😕
RG8DF52MZMTL3	5	great headphones for the price great headphones for the price! I bought them because my similarly priced Sony's were wearing out, and those don't cancel noise half as well. I think the black looks nicer on second thought, but the white ones give me no problems
R3OZ4ARXCC3O1	3	Well I loved the color I had a lifeproof case for my iphone 5 before I got the iphone 6, and I figured that I could try using a different waterproof case that wasn't as expensive as lifeproof for my new phone. Well I loved the color, and the package came in a day earlier than expected but when I did the waterproof test, I found that water actually got inside the case. Also, the notch where you can turn the volume on/off doesn't move on the case, and it was very hard to separate. So now I don't even use the case anymore. I guess you get what you pay for.
R32RLITAF94EJF	5	They work fine. They don't feel like the original apple cable Only used it for about a week. They work fine. They don't feel like the original apple cable, and you might find some measurement differences that are negligible: see the picture. But all in all they are worth the price and I am happy with them so far.
R2M2VLUWUB534B	5	delivered on time when I needed the most, Good
R3KCI4D2SY8LZK	5	Love this case The case is great, people can hear you speak, etc. it's a little heavy but you'd get use to it quickly. Lastly, the headphones port is hard to use with right angles beats wired earbuds. Otherwise it's totally perfect!
R2UIVE7GM0VSEJ	5	Five Stars Very nice case and a conversation piece as well
RRTZ18J7A4JQ6	5	Five Stars These are great!!!  And the price is even more amazing...I highly recommend these for purchase
R2791Y7UM7ZMDJ	3	Okay Product. Fits well on my bike and on my phone. The only thing that I did not like was the fact that the bottom left ledge to help hold the phone in place actually blocks the auxiliary to plug in my headphones. Other than that it works pretty well.
RGJ0RPOGD2BQS	5	Works surpisingly well I have been using this case while wade fishing on the Texas gulf coast for about three months and it is absolutely stellar. I am able to bring my phone to snap a quick fish picture so I can release fish but still have proof/ a nice memory of the moment. The silicone covering over the screen works surprisingly well wet or dry and there have been absolutely no leaks to date. The only thing you are missing with this case is access to the side buttons, but who cares.  Very well-working product, get it.
R3HOVKHRR4I3JS	5	Five Stars Works
R28AIRT8FHI70Z	2	Use at your own risk The joint between the base and the arm doesn't have enough tension to hold my phone up. Because of this my phone ended up flopping around and flying out of the holder on several occasions. It could have easily taken a bad trajectory and landed screen first on a hard surface. I say use at your own risk...
R1Y9T88XACNUU6	3	Love it This case has done a great job protecting my phone.  I have had for a few months now and although it has a few scrapes, my phone is still intact.  I was impressed with the padding on the inside as well that protects the back of the phone from scraping.  Colors are as pictured as well.
ROMC5QNKYXG2S	5	This is a beautiful case that looks very elegant This is a beautiful case that looks very elegant. I've had no issues with it and I would definitely recommend this brand to my friends.
R2GWM2GPFA79HF	5	Speedy and reliable. Came on time and was more than expected.
R32RT9KS33PGK4	5	Five Stars thankyou
R1WODRA02ZV12B	5	This thing rocks. Took two on a week-long trip ... This thing rocks.  Took two on a week-long trip inside Grand Canyon.  Charged all the Go-Pro cameras for the entire week.
R2OYDAHFOWZIES	5	I like the slim fit, which allows it to slid into my pocket easily.  Much better price than locally. I've been using this case for about a year now.  I like the slim fit, which allows it to slid into my pocket easily.  The rubber is starting to get a little loose, so it might be time to email Otterbox about a replacement.
R3Q0TSZ48JEWRD	4	Four Stars Good
R37A7OHKJEB7JO	5	Would buy thus again Very happy with this purchase. Teen driver now has hands free and can even use this speaker with the GPS on her iPhone. It's small and sleak. She loves it.
R3IEIJZJ4EQ4KU	5	Five Stars Great swimming gear.
R1L361SSR3U6UU	4	Good product for the money. Velcro lasted about 5 seconds. On first attempt to unfasten the Velcro, the glue released from the bag. Good thing the bag has 3 zip locks so the Velcro isn't really needed anyway. I like the strap and I easily fit my Bluetooth speaker and two phones plus ID and a Credit card with no issues.
R18G7XCEOMFV9	5	Pleased Neat little item. Very pleased
RCAMPRZ7LNTWX	5	love I love this case! It got pretty dirty pretty fast but it's easy to clean. But all cases like this get dirty really fast. And for the price it was perfect
R3JLIJF7VUUB1P	3	Will cause service issues. This case feels great and fits tight. I immediately liked it when I put it on my note 4. Unfortunately the aluminum number cause my phone to go into 3G / no service fairly often. It also causes my wifi signal to sit around 1-2 bars max. I work for a cellular company and therefore understand when I am losing service due to an unrelated network issue. This case looks and feels amazing, but it is certainly not worth the loss in service.
R3AYFSVDO3BAT3	5	Great case & customer service! Very nice! I made a mistake and ordered the vase for s6 but needed s6 edge & the seller was great with getting right back to me & let me know they did have the case I wanted and would ship me the right case. It came right on time & my daughter loves it. It came with a screen protector, cloth, & stylus pen. The case really grips the phone perfect.
R2VIUKNNS4RXAP	5	An obvious upgrade to swap out a year and a ... An obvious upgrade to swap out a year and a half year battery, but no noticeable difference from the stock one when you first get it.  At the time this was cheaper and i would buy again.
R1JG4JUIION80D	5	Five Stars nice
R2G4Y37OHM0ONS	5	Five Stars Easy case, easy to change
RVM14URNJOB6J	5	Five Stars Extremely cute
R25RV3CP0NSLRK	3	Would work better if your bike is quieter Would work better if your bike is quieter.  Even with 2, if you have loud pipes youre not hearing much of anything at highways speeds.  Not bad for putting around locally, especially for the $$
RZUAABH26S1Y	5	The more flex bands I have, the merrier I am! As a person that doesn't leave home without my Fitbit on my wrist, I don't think I could ever have enough bands for my Fitbit Flex.  This is the second set of replacement bands that I have from this same company and I love them! These are plain colored bands, but they still look very nice and come in a variety of shades.  I find them comfy to wear, but I will say they run slightly smaller than the original bands that come with the Flex.  I like that these close tightly, and feel very secure when I have them on. Even though they close tightly, I still I always make sure to add a clasp fastener for extra security and definitely recommend doing that. The Flex is a pricey little gadget and I like having all the extra security against losing it that I can get.  I love being able to just grab whatever one suits my outfit or my mood and head out the door. I received some to review, and I can honestly say that I love them and wear these every single day.
R3R5SXZLUQCLTY	5	Five Stars Great for price!
REBWL4CPG33A3	2	Tried 3 times to verify installation but the next screen installed without issue - this was just a bad screen. Good price No mesh earpiece, lines on the screen after professional install.  Tried 3 times to verify installation but the next screen installed without issue - this was just a bad screen.  Good price, unfortunate experience.
R1ZZNI6CKRL3U6	4	Four Stars Compact and great quality.
R3O1XO6EZ3L2VR	1	Breaks easily All cables stopped charging my phones after short use.
R3SFCMER8GZPMG	1	DO NOT BUY After two months both of the these chargers have failed.  No one will get back to me about replacements.  DON'T ORDER FROM THSES PEOPLE!!
R3GZO86EPFQIOJ	5	Five Stars Thank you for your dealings and goods Good
R32DWU348S23EJ	5	Five Stars Love this Garmin band. It is super.
R13VTR361599KN	4	Good value Nice product at a nice price
R1RFQXAYOI96G1	5	Five Stars great
R16NO47526KAWG	5	Five Stars perfect
R2V6PTSPD8MD0Z	5	Five Stars works well, and was reasonably priced
R2CLI1PKRHAEVI	5	Five Stars Excellent
R1MTU3NH4985Y7	5	Five Stars Great way to protect your screen!
RCJ2A67EG19DQ	5	Five Stars Item as described!
RQVHTVPKH0EKF	5	Five Stars Works great!
RZLI9HEO85B4H	1	One Star Does not work, camera wont focus. Additionally there were no instructions in the package. Look elsewhere
R2H7U2P02SJWXG	4	Great product Great product for a great price.
R2CB40E2VBB3MT	3	Bulky but seems to do the job Does a pretty good job of holding the phone.  Takes up a lot of room and the bracket doesn't have much adjustment for tilt.  Seems sturdy enough, but time will tell.
R27Y281J2TT4WT	2	Not so snug for Snugg This product is not as snug as the brand claims to be. It fits snug into the plastic part of the case but the outside flap is bowed and loose and not snug. Not the best quality and comes with a big price tag. I wouldn't buy this product if I had noticed that in a store.
RAX71HOAY07KS	5	Five Stars fits like a glove
R39LU42ZV2NTL2	5	Five Stars perfect size.. fast recharge of my phone
RQFZ9URU4PG59	5	Five Stars Has to be charged every night but works well
R66XMTWUKYS2K	3	Three Stars received wrong color but good item
R27EM52OXDW0P	4	n fit my phone just perfect.. It was cute..n fit my phone just perfect...
R3PPZTKANCS258	5	Works great! Use on in my truck for the kids ... Works great!  Use on in my truck for the kids to connect there gadgets and it has been working well.
R2F0OQGDIMCUET	5	Five Stars Its awesome. Worth it.
R17NA0U2GSR5SI	5	Five Stars St gigijkju
R1DCF0JVCKQRPP	5	works great, use daily bought this so i can use my phone in the shower. and it works. every single morning. speakerphone even works fine. will purchase more for travel and work. very satisfied.
R1RS9YRTUTYHW8	5	Five Stars Works great
R2OGYA1O4M1Z6U	5	Its pretty compact and sturdy This charger ROCKS!!! It charges multiple phones faster them my car or wall charger. My husband and spent all day riding a motorcycle, and thanks to this devise, my LG3, his I phone 5 and Samsung (3 phones) were fully charged as we were taking million of pictures. Also being a mom of 2, I am terrified that my phone might die while I am at the store, or can not charge it. Now I have this charges in my purse and no longer worry that my kids or their school wont be able to get a hold of me. Its pretty compact and sturdy. Thinking about buying one for my hubby as he started borrowing mine quite often...
R3QRLU0G7XHHW	5	Five Stars Great item
R20MFUGNQT777D	4	Great emergency. Great emergency solar charger.
R2869O014LK7FY	5	Five Stars Arrived in good time.  Works well.  No complaints.
R3OSYIMR1LEPAQ	5	Love this case I love this case . The clock is beautiful and classy looking . The case is classy looking . I like very much that I can answer the phone or take pictures without opening the case . Can't say enough about it
R263G031J6GLB8	5	Orzly protective case for your smartphone A smart, black Orzly protective case for your smartphone A smart, black, modern, light weight case, neatly packaged in a well designed box which visibly highlights the  benefits and suitability of the product.  Easy to open, no extra wasted packaging, simple and well thought through. The box was accessorised with a small booklet containing Orzly products and other bits of interesting information. The Orzly protective case has no buttons or zips but can be opened by simply lifting a magnetic tag, great for those without great manual dexterity!! The inside case houses two pockets, great for credit cards or important bits of information without the need to carry extra wallets or purses around.  The smart phone can easily be slotted into the allocated pocket on the opposite side. An ideal product for those who want a no messing, light weight product, an attractive elegant accessory for the smartphone!!
R1IEOHBIID6QHV	1	Garbage Garbage.  Seller finally contacted me after the 4th email to them.  Amazon already refunded me 100 percent so I threw this thing in the trash.  What a waste of time
R3PDS63BK7NG6I	5	Five Stars Great product and service.
R2TEC1B154U05	3	Works ok but hard to put on. Hard to put on.  I was just glad to find these so I didn't have to replace my whole headset.
R204YOWRWSRJSI	5	Five Stars Its so cute I love it
R1G5F5GTKCGB2X	5	10 foot Each cord is 10 foot long, so you have more than enough room to move around a little bit if you need too. I received this item for free in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.
R2ZA9VX6RTIM8U	5	Well made. Great fit. This screen protector is very well made and fits well on my phone. It was simple to apply thanks to the instructions on the box. I have a small bubble but it's barely seen and I'm pretty sure it's due to my error. Overall I'm very pleasedisappointed with this product and am thankful to have something to protect my screen.
RNHCHEU15Q7VQ	5	Five Stars I definitely would recommend
R247XEN7ZSQXK	3	Mine won't stick! I want to love this holder --- I can't get mine to stick --- on anything in my car!  If i figure it out I will revise my review!
R1XK8JD9E1KSSU	1	DOESN'T WORK I've had this case for a while now and it's a complete disappointment. What you start with is a too sticky case that grabs onto lots of stuff that you don't want it to stick too and then that stickiness completely goes away in a little bit, so you end up with an ordinary case worth $8 that you paid $50 for.
R20SG4SU7VON71	1	One Star Good afternoon the products have not reached this far, although I have written have not answered
RE0Q9MK9XCULO	5	Five Stars Good for the price
R1AUDED1B76JTW	4	Four Stars Arrived on time, small area already peeled off. We'll see what happens in a few months.
R11POVQ3MPPAET	1	One Star Fall apart and break on the micro usb side. Do not buy this brand.
RJKJKN0IQU5RG	4	Four Stars Very nice i iwll buy it again.
R2RCG7ID2D58HD	2	Two Stars Kept breaking so I would say get the Amazon basics or a braided one.
R1N95UUUNRJC4M	3	I thought there would be a pair of these sent ... I thought there would be a pair of these sent and it is only one ear piece for your right ear.
RKXJFS0IJL5DN	5	Did its job for a 8 year old child Great
R355CCIQDGF6IU	5	Five Stars love it
R18RTZP8CR6HEZ	5	Five Stars Great product great price fast delivery
R1YHQK3H1RS0MH	5	but it's my absolute favorite case. No matter how many I try I buy this case for every phone I get. Not sure why, but it's my absolute favorite case. No matter how many I try, I end up back with this one on.
R3VQDMIW9WRSUF	4	Four Stars Great sound! iPhone 6 works great with!
R3OI4KKZX1QH13	3	The cables that are provided with this batery doesn't work ... The cables that are provided with this batery doesn't work with my phone, so I have my own cable not the one original one. But other than that I works very well.
R29IEMGB1TN1X0	5	smudge more easily, etc I would never use anything other than Zeiss on my lenses.  I have used other products and they produce and attract lint, smudge more easily, etc.  Zeiss is the best for me.
R3AZ3742S2YL1V	5	excellent phone...cheaper elsewhere Excellent phone, but overpriced here. Got mine (unlocked T-Mobile) at Bestbuy for $119.00. I hear they are very popular and folks can't keep them in stock. Maybe that why the price has gone up. Again, excellent phone.  Bought to replace my aging G3.
R1LM8PSSI3F2LV	1	Horrible After 20 min of trying to get them to stay in my ear, I gave up and will be sending them back. The leaflet in the box with the &#34;instructions&#34; is of no help either, so I have absolutely no idea if I am even inserting them correctly.
R3VG30V17KRV8H	5	Five Stars love
R2ZOB5JTDKGPNV	5	Highly recommend. Very goo charger and works as promised charging quicker than other products I've tried.  Highly recommend.
RIHA9T18ZW457	5	Five Stars So nicely designed and packed that it looks like an Apple product And it works fine
R2AM8Q1LGRGC17	5	Five Stars Excellent batteries!
RM04KX9QVHZD5	5	Great Quality! Works great in our 15 passenger to get the DVD players to work in the back of the van!
R1KQFLS5GCFWEF	5	I'm very pleased with it By far the sturdiest selfie stick I've encountered so far. I'm very pleased with it. It holds the phone (iPhone 6 Plus) VERY tightly!....but it takes the spring loaded holder to its maximum extension in order to hold it so I'll be paying close attention to its durability and wear over time. That is the only concern I have about it at this point and it might not even be an issue at all.
R1ALQVNQGGYAFQ	5	Excellent Charger with piggy-back cord offering MICRO & LIGHTENING charging tips! UNU supplied me with this product to evaluate & review here.  Like many review readers, I watch for freely offered merchandise, expecting an outstanding analysis because the reviewer wants more stuff.  Anyway, the UNU SUPERAK portable battery is exceptionally nice.  It's 5000kmAh (milliamps - iPhone 6 carries 1,810mAh battery, by contrast the Samsung 6 Edge a 2600mAh, & the Samsung Note 4 a more substantive 3200mAh) capacity, at full charge, can theoretically &#34;recharge&#34; any of the phones mentioned above, some twice.  Chargers like this, whether Anker, a fine maker of portable batteries, or this UNO PORTAPAK, hold a charge a long time, weeks in fact without being topped off.  I like the small charger size, it slips into my back jeans pocket, but with a bulge in that it's 3,75&#34; long...but about an inch wide.  It's more an issue for jeans pockets than a suit coat or purse. Great size in cold weather, multi-zippered coats.  I've already charged from near empty...my Samsung Note 3, and of four LEDs on chargers side (to suggests available charge), 3 of the 4 lamps were out.  That's not bad for the heavy 3200mAh Note 3 battery to filled.  Here's the pi&egrave;ce de r&eacute;·sis·tance. The charging cord which comes with the battery has a standard USB male plug on one side, and a WONDERFUL &#34;piggy-back&#34; arrangement of MICRO USB (Android, etc.) with an attached LIGHTENING interface for someones iPhone. The two tips are attached by a small piece of plastic and always there in whatever flavour you require in the moment.  This feature alone is worth the savings in aggravation of 'whose got a micro cable??? NO...that's for my iPhone!!!.  This is especially handy and offsets my uncertainty about charger shape. There is both a MICRO and STANDARD outlet on the end to allow powering and charging options of every sort/device.  This accompanying cord would have been wonderful were in somehow attached to the charger...eliminating the need to carry two things...and a small carry-bag would have been a nice touch as well.  But for a very fair price, right here on Amazon when available (which should be shortly - after reviews finish is my guess), and the 5k power and compactness...ADDED to the piggy-back MICRO & LIGHTENING interface availability, you simply cannot lose here.  If you have family with both iPhones & Androids...this is a grief saver!d to carry two things...and a small carry-bag would have been a nice touch as well.  But for a very fair price, right here on Amazon when available (which should be shortly - after reviews finish is my guess), and the 5k power and compactness...ADDED to the piggy-back MICRO & LIGHTENING interface availability, you simply cannot lose here.  If you have family with both iPhones & Androids...this is a grief saver!
R1FB0V0TGQK88Q	1	Not worth the money Pictures are blurry.
R2R8YCN3SZ26KY	5	Five Stars Very pleased with my phone case!
R2PUNJIAMO1GWC	4	Four Stars thank you
RC4ZL3UCQCOK7	5	good value for money, does the trick! Reliable, fits the car well and made a great mount! Well worth the money I paid for it, does the same job compared to others 3 times the price! It was a little bit hard getting it into the vent at first, but once it clicked, it didn't move anywhere.
R1XXZXSFTZZ1Z4	5	This was a gift and they loved it! This is the second jackery bar I purchased. I bought one previously for myself. This was a gift and they loved it!
R2AESLTZ541AZX	4	though the screen is crap and the device can occasionally be sluggish Cannot beat the price, though the screen is crap and the device can occasionally be sluggish.
R3V8XIOY3OAUV	2	cheap I was very careful and it didn't last even ... cheap I was very careful and it didn't last even one season of boating. closure fell apart. It did float, but just fell apart after awhile.
REC5FWPA3W889	1	Not worth it. Gives no longer use than the stock Samsung battery.
R2MHZ12ZIEB5C5	5	Five Stars great product-fast shipping!
RF20VVXT5CHW1	5	Save yourself the grief and protect your phone screen NOW! This is my second LUVVITT tempered glass screen cover. I dropped my phone (which is not in a fancy case just a rubber-y colored slip) face-first a few feet down onto a cement floor obviously my heart dropped when I picked up my phone and saw the shattered screen. I winced as a peeled off the screen cover but THANK THE PHONE GODS my screen was still perfect. I am a customer for life!  Fits my Galaxy S5 Active perfectly.  Easy to install. The kit comes with a lens cloth and cleaning wipe. Try to line everything up the first time. My first attempt at applying the screen it attached a little skewed and I peeled it off to re-attach. The corner I used to peel the screen protector off had a air pocket under it for the remainder of the time it was on my phone but the screen protector stayed secure for 5 months until today when I replaced it.
R2WS0BI2AIPOFL	5	Five Stars Great product!
R1NVNJ1S2KIN08	1	Pretty poor Motorola RAZR knockoff although copied well tech content was poor; sound and transmission ranked between static and broken morse code. Poor Motorola model
R278Y8S51CRXYY	4	Works much better than the junk ones for $5 Delivered on time. Works much better than the junk ones for $5.
R379UI8Q2FNJ4C	1	One Star we tried in a couple of places to program it butt no success, it s &#34;no &#34; for me
R1FC0WHJPSD8HL	5	Five Stars love it
R1QD7FVTNWSZU2	2	The phone itself fits my phone perfect, but the picture on it isn't the best The phone itself fits my phone perfect, but the picture on it isn't the best. You can see the lines from the printer and it's not as clear as I was hoping for.
RRUF2T0LVBINB	1	Poorly manufactured product and not worth the price Product was damaged already when it arrived. Also part was produced poorly because the screen adhesive was already peeling and coming off the display. Very unsatisfied please do not buy from this seller.
RVEFMIAM30CKJ	1	Looks cool but kills your signal. I wish i would have read the reviews before buying.  Signal strength is reduced significantly. I cannot return it since I drilled out the bottom so that i could fit a headphone jack.
R3FDGOS79W0LXX	5	Five Stars Bery good, last longer than the original
R388H4HBHDZC58	4	Four Stars Very good
R2BVMXBLQRYOJS	5	Does exactly what it's supposed to do. I've only used this once so far, but it kept my iPhone dry and allowed me to get some great, clear photos on a white-water rafting trip. Submerged in water, and worked flawlessly. I recommend this product.
R146WP3VO28U5B	3	Good Fit, Bad Finish Case fits really well, it's slim and comfortable to hold. My biggest complaint is the finish. After about 10 days I noticed the top coat start to chip away and has continued to do so.
R3BF9F0Q4BJ5AS	5	Five Stars The best cell phone case I've owned
R17WSU5KTO8DD3	1	One Star Well, my husband had it for less than 24 hours and dropped it and the case shattered.
R15CYNZ5BPNA76	5	Five Stars Awesome
R2NJNT2S6KCB9M	4	Super Deal Can't beat it for the price.
R2206Z2Y1JU2C2	5	and truly are the perfect size for the DJI Inspire 1 with the factory ... Cords are exactly as advertised, and truly are the perfect size for the DJI Inspire 1 with the factory device mount and the iPad Air 2! A++
R2TYJGCCDEIRZL	5	Five Stars a good phone with affordable price,it works well in my area.
R5DFAGIW8HDH5	3	Way Over-rated , Should be "Fair" condition definitely not "Like New" Not as advertised.  Featured/Sold as &#34;Like New&#34; . Arrived with loose Bezel. Arrived with cheap (Non_Garmin) car power supply that lasted all of one week.  I had to buy a separate car charger to keep it working.  The product works but has irritating bias in the on-screen buttons.  I would rate this product as &#34;fair&#34; definitely not &#34;like New&#34;
R22N6V5NGXVNOX	3	Clear turns to yellow quickly!!! Features were exactly what I was looking for, but after only five months this clear case is now completely yellow! At first I thought I was being hypercritical, but given a few more months it's actually pretty frustrating how much the clear plastic has yellowed. Why aren't more people including this in their reviews?!?
R2TZROP4TTTOCZ	5	Five Stars I've had this for a few months and it still looks brand new.
R2XZ73ZT67P7BN	5	12000 mah at a reasonable price. I received this battery at no cost for a review but this review will reflect my honest opinion. The battery feels reasonably sturdy and heavy in the hand but not bulky. Having 2 ports to charge with is great and the 2.1 amp port charges really fast. The led flashlight is not that bright but will work in a pinch in a dark area. One thing I wish it had was top usb ports instead of side mount ports. If you were to drop it in a bag you won't be able to charge from a tight compartment because of the side usb ports. These are really trivial things and I don't feel I should knock off a star for it. I would recommend this for a person looking for a week end of charging 2 devices but not much more than that.
RYT3HJEW52HXM	4	Great, bought it for my wife and she loves ... Great, bought it for my wife and she loves it. Only down side is the cord it comes with to allow for charging does not fit her iphone 5 (or my 4 for that matter) maybe it is a plug for the iphone 6. Great overall.
R2M931TFUPGHOQ	5	Five Stars Great
R2KIBH8KZSMPMQ	5	Five Stars Great case.
R2WI4OZL4605HN	5	Five Stars Arrived quickly and works well.
R39LIO8OYNL9IZ	5	This is a fantastic product and I would recommend it to everyone This is a fantastic product and I would recommend it to everyone.  I recieved a promo code for a fair review
R1IXFI8V4IDN5Y	3	While this case may look stunning and come with a ... While this case may look stunning and come with a stylus, it's texture feels cheap and it had a distressed look within a week from just every day use. The stylus broke the first day I had it, but that probably could have been avoided. Overall it's decent for the price, but if you're looking for something cute AND durable, look elsewhere.
R3NCMFWCREFEHL	1	They are not good for gaming They are not good for gaming.  They &#34;glide&#34; but do not pickup items and move them.  As in &#34;Words with Friends&#34; can't drag letters over.  Sorry that I tried them!!
R1UYPYAN7U8UPW	5	Five Stars Worked out beautifully for the issue I was having.
R2JXLG27QSDFK2	4	Four Stars Good
R20OM9KLE2X27O	5	Five Stars Really nice color i order mint Fits perfectly on my iPhone 6 Love the strap :)
R1YPFAHQFU5RLF	5	Charger has been working great. Delivery was as promised. Charger has been working great.
R3VVZC3EGSF95Z	5	Five Stars It does the job and the price was right
R25VWAYL5XUO5	3	Fairly good quality;  just a little difficult to handle & use on different clothes It's a nice-looking pouch, with good material and lines.  The magnet close works great.  It fits a bare Note 5 very well.  The approach to keeping it from falling off the belt, the clip + snap loop, works pretty well for normal-sized belts, though it needs to have a belt and the loop is really needed -- the clip alone doesn't seem enough to keep the pouch from falling off.  (e.g., I could no longer just clip it on my sport shorts, as I could a Seidio holster, which has a clip with a better mechanism and a lip at the end, which kept it from working its way off)  I had to return the one I received, as the silver Nuoku brand pin in the middle was upside down.  Some may find the three very stiff, thick panels (one in back, one in front, and another in the flap) reassuring, but I found them thicker than I wanted.  They don't really make it bulky, but at least one of those panels could be lost to make the phone easier to handle while giving the same amount of real protection.  The only other thing I found myself wanting was a deeper cutout at the center bottom, to allow me to raise the phone higher with one finger below and grab it above, all with one hand -- I have to use 2 hands to get the phone out.
R2P6MVMQTUJVRO	1	One Star Terrible, all broke in less than a week. Not worth the money and irritation.
R30OJI5GV3JLJ	4	good product i only use the sensor alarm the siren ... good product i only use the sensor alarm the siren is very loud it will surely make attention if someone will try to take your bike.
R1F1EWE8CHYYE5	5	Five Stars very good
RHTGUG3JVVQVJ	5	A++ Said estimated delivery date was a month away. Received it in 5 days! Very pleased with product.
R2CS3YVFQ8PGLW	4	Four Stars Great price for a good dependable phone:)
R1KY34G3HMBO1D	5	Totally Satisfied They were here on time and they were perfect
R2KNV06R65OVJC	5	Five Stars bought for a friend who really enjoys them for workouts and daily chores.
R1DVF67G1S4EXB	5	Works! Works and good quality.
R9VRQ9DB2USNH	3	Three Stars real look is not WAW
R24XNG1FMXZIKJ	5	Five Stars As advertised
R2HTTOM7XWFB5C	5	Five Stars Thank you
R37VCHF5GMVMRK	1	One Star Best customer service but cheap make and never last needs to fix it!!!
R7TKIIVMJ2SH1	5	My 6 Plus fit in here perfectly. I am ... My 6 Plus fit in here perfectly. I am a short person, when I went to put it on my arm, I discovered it was as long as my arm above the elbow and was uncomfortable because of the size.
RLAA59BIPMHO	5	Five Stars Daughter loves this.
R3KSR1OGM4NYUW	5	best cases I've used. Best phone case, rugged and hard wearing, fits my iPhone 6 Plus perfect, port covers in the right place, worth the cost.
R3NRYHMPGVARD8	5	Great Service Hadn't seen this before but I love it.  And, it arrived weeks early!
RYN9XI178CWB6	3	Exactly like my original. This was a direct replacement for the original Samsung charger for my Gear S. Only reason I rate it so poorly is it's exactly like the original and that only lasted a few months. This one seems to have the same design flaw and I will probably be purchasing another in a short while after the plastic nubs break off. I'be been exceedingly careful with it too but it appears not to matter. Better than the rubber band solution I was using though.
RE5LCAU5SQ47Z	4	Awesome Awesome :)
R25CFKMZYTDEQ4	5	Better than soft covers Love this - protects my phone like never before.
R6WHPFNEZL4HL	5	Five Stars Excellent case. The quality you would expect from Otterbox!
R3DVHAE03MXAGF	5	Must have Exactly what I was looking for. Extra protection for an iPhone and cannot even see that it's in place. Highly recommended for protection and to keep fingerprint marks down. A huge step up from the plastic film protectors.
R29CD4N25573JI	1	Does Not Work Did not work, please refund my purchase.
R3SOGM0W7J6HS	3	What I like about the Buddibox is the rubbery feeling that provides ... Before ordering this product, I have been using an otter box for many years.  The only draw back about otter box is that the rubber would stretch out overtime and there would be difficulty latching onto the belt clip at the two points on the side.  What I like about the Buddibox is the rubbery feeling that provides a nice grip and the area that latches onto the belt clip is hard plastic.  The draw back about this project is that after using it for about a month, the belt clip broke.
R24W6OUAATM2XJ	4	Four Stars Slightly teetery on speaker docks.  Needs back lean support. I'm depending on Velcro
R2QEVCITW92XXQ	5	Nice Case Good quality for the price. This is for my work phone so it is carried around all day and stuffed in my pockets. I would reorder.
R2SQTJDS6HA7VU	3	Three Stars I really liked this case, but it got dirty easily and it won't clean with any cleaning products.
R9J4IZSVV1U42	5	Screen Protector For Samsung Galaxy Note 4 I got this product for free to review it.  I got it when I was supposed to and it's exactly as described.  I got 2 screen protectors and 2 packs of cleaner for them. They seem very durable and fit on my phone.  I recommend!
R18AT5RSDNS03T	5	great price. Delivered Works well, great price. Delivered quick
R2Y20U0U560ULX	5	... ARMOR iPhone 6S Case iPhone 6 case is an awesome case. After having this case for several months The LUVVITT® ULTRA ARMOR iPhone 6S Case iPhone 6 case is an awesome case. After having this case for several months, these are the things I have come to find:  Fit - 10/10 My iPhone 6 fits snugly into the TPU core case. All of the buttons are aligned perfectly onto the case and are immediately accessible should you need to adjust the volume or lock your phone. The hard shell case, which is the outer portion of the case, adds some an additional layer of protection  and fits nicely over the TPU case.  Protection - 10/10 I personally found the case to be very effective in protecting my phone against my careless/abusive behavior. I'm the type of guy who would throw the phone onto the table immediately after coming home from a long day of work. Not only has it withstood my abuse, but it has also proved its durability against numerous drops. My phone still remains in mint condition, without any scratches, dents, or cracks.  Look - 9/10 I love the way it looks, and I think its awesome that they provide you multiple colors to choose from. The look is simple and sleek. Not much design on the product, so it might not be for people who like cutesy, flashy phone cases.  Price - 11/10 For 10 bucks, this thing is easily worth the investment. I normally skimp out on buying any form of protection when it comes to phones, but with these costing an arm and a leg these days, i thought it would be wise to get some sort of case for my phone. I'm glad I went with this case.  Overall, this case has proven to be worth the investment. It has kept my phone in pristine condition over the past 7 months and I couldnt be happier. For $10, its hard to beat!
R2R3MZFO42S4TB	5	Super! Great case. Inexpensive, decorative, quite thin. I love it!
RMF1TOFB4C4XK	5	This case fits my phone like a glove This case fits my phone like a glove.  The cutouts for the buttons are perfectly lined up.  It is a little difficult to get off, but if it was loose it wouldn't fit correctly.  I love the pop of color that it gives my phone!  Shipping was quick and easy.  Perfect transaction all around!  Two thumbs up!  I received this product as a free sample for my unbiased opinion.
R2OJA7D5R7XYGP	5	Purple Pops. JYZ Thank you so much. I love this case. Omg it feels really good in the hand and the purple color just pops. I made a good choice and the seller was quick with shipping. Over all I'm happy with my case. Also the leather is so shiny. Love it.
R3IM09ECWYYOXM	5	... one and it didn't work BUT RAVPower was so great about the whole experience and I couldn't be happier ... I ordered one and it didn't work BUT RAVPower was so great about the whole experience and I couldn't be happier with the product I have now.  Recommend.
R3H7AICMQQ0TZ8	5	I used the screen for 4 months and it's great. The only thing sometimes the left bottom corner ... I used the screen for 4 months and it's great. The only thing sometimes the left bottom corner doesn't respond properly. I broke my phone again so I will order another one again.
R2ZB3WMDDHB1CX	5	Five Stars EXCELENTE
RTZNXRAWDSSCR	3	With the redesign in the Galaxy 5 charging port it ... With the redesign in the Galaxy 5 charging port it can be difficult to get the phone to sit but it does hold the phone upright and does charge once the phone is properly connected
R32CMX6HMSL6EZ	5	Five Stars I love it. Exactly how I expected.
R2RURBJREQJ9BH	1	shouldn't have to take phone out of case to talk on it, flaw in microphone port. The microphone port doesn't work, no one can hear me talk to them. other than that the case is very nice.
R3PV2QR54QFFLU	5	Five Stars It works
R1UKVK4KT9UWPG	1	at first it fitted my phone and it looked nice however after using my phone for 7 hours i ... I have received it,  at first it fitted my phone and it looked nice however after using my phone for 7 hours i recognized that the touch quality became unfortunately ridiculous and i need to press and hold every button like old phones which made me removed it,  so i paid for two screen protectors and i will not use them.
R142P7KQNUIXJI	5	SWEET CASE!!! This case is AWESOME!!! Still in perfect shape months later. Easy to clean.
R1KLODFSATDXVP	5	... for my sister for Christmas last year and she loved it so much that I bought it for my ... I purchased this for my sister for Christmas last year and she loved it so much that I bought it for my son this month.  He especially likes the feature that is a split screen for inner city driving.  It tells you what lane to be and how long until you have to get off the exit ramp.  It makes driving so much easier in heavy traffic when you never know when it is time to exit.  I also like the posted speed limit feature that turns red when you are speeding. This also has lifetime updates on maps.  This is very important if you use the unit often.  My son uses it daily and has thanked me repeatedly.  Great gift idea.  Best GPS on them market!
RB8H555BBLMR7	5	Five Stars I love it
R1BIPCRT730ZZ4	5	Best value for money Low price and easy to use
R2T817W7BUP2DE	5	Very nice ISB Charger! This is a very nice heavy charger that two items can be charged at once. This Iflash ISB charger is very sturdy product.  I have bought my share of flimsy car chargers and this one sure looks and feels expensive. My ISB fit smoothly and easily into the slot.  I was given the chance to test this item for an honest opinion.  This is a very nice charger and I am please with the quality.
R7M6RV8J2APS3	4	Works fine At the beginning I faced an issue with it, later on I just made a simple restart to the beacon itself and now it's working fine and I tested it many times ... Only one reason for the missing star that the mobile app needs more features.  I recommend this :)
R31QBAYK2SXD53	4	the VR effects are pretty decent, no cross-talk issues at all Barely fits the Nexus 6 in a &#34;SUPCASE Premium Hybrid Bumper Case&#34;, but managed to get it to hold on. Once it's ready, the VR effects are pretty decent, no cross-talk issues at all.  Aside from the Nexus 6 in a case barely fitting, what the cardboard makes you realize is that 1440p is still not high resolution enough as you can easily see pixels on the screen :(  Using the headstrap will make your nose feel uncomfortable, rubbing against cardboard (literally); you'll want some kind of gel to pad the nose area.
R251F6DQFPLRJJ	2	Two Stars Too flimsy
R3UQZZJTCL515L	5	for people who want a regular case with a stand This case is for people who want a regular case with a stand. Personally, I dislike wallet-style cases, but I need to be able to prop up my phone. This case solved my problems. A few considerations:  1. The stand is easy to use, and seems quite sturdy. I don't expect it to fall off or break somehow. 2. The case itself is sturdy. It makes the phone feel bigger but that's to be expected.  This is a great hybrid between a regular case and wallet case. I was given this case for my objective evaluation.
R26WAKHV8WFKKU	5	Five Stars Hard to beat life proof cases and especially for this price.
R3B7GV8QNGZXBX	5	easy to put on this case fits nice and easy to put on
R39POXHBJ6PF8Y	5	Love clean glasses! Great product.  Use these in purse and car.
R2G83HGX49JLCO	5	love them! these protect the watch perfectly, love them!
R5ZF4BUBQ1V9A	1	DOES NOT WORK WITH iPHONE 6! I bought two of these in Oct, 2014 for use with my new iPhone 6.  The lightning cables have never worked with my phone, even as I upgraded the OS through the current iOS v8.4.1.  I get the error &#34;This cable or accessory is not certified and may not work reliably with this iPhone.&#34;  In fact, it does not charge the phone at all.  The charger itself will support other cables (such as the ones sold by Amazon in their Basics line) but the cables included with this unit do NOTHING.  Definitely not happy with this purchase, these were expensive but not worth it!
R31BPYSHDFON8K	2	rear facing camera will not work I have had 2 ... rear facing camera will not work I have had 2 replacements and the camera works for a while then it stops
RPZLZ4H9K8W66	4	Great bang for the buck. Great little speaker with a powerful sound especially for the cost.  The only thing I'd like more is if it had a longer battery life before needed to be recharged.  Overall, I'm very satisfied.
R1XB37UHH54PJS	1	Disappointed I was excited when I bought this because of the convenience.  However, the back of my phone (where tie iQi rests), gets very hot.  I decided not to use it because I don't want it to ruin my phone.
R14T6WPDSZUS7N	4	Great For Using One Sim With Different Smartphones Delivery was late but the item works as descrbed.
R2VF6Z4GRXVIS0	1	One Star Did not receive the right case .received a iPhone 6 case needed a note 4
R1GFQI8C7VGVJY	3	Wrong phone! Not the right protector for the l u step phone :(
RKX6NFYNQXBMM	5	A great device. A great device. Elegant, faster, good battery life. Recommended as a mid range phone, yes. Absolutely.
R3QT785V63JQJ1	5	Inexpensive and good For the cost you can't beat these. The earphones came on time and have very good performance both in volume and quality. Unlike the standard Iphone earbuds they stay in your ears!
R355ZAFGC9BRNV	5	Tough with great sound This is a great wireless speaker. I purchased it for my flowershop. I liked the durability of it and knew it would last. The sound is really awesome and it is compact so it fits any where.
R1P37JRHJR3EG0	5	no nonsense sim cutter Worked perfectly!
R25B7KKK85INKX	5	Five Stars very good case
R6I5LXUYKGLO1	3	Do not use with tempered glass screen protector I bought this for my LG G4 with tempered glass screen protector. It feels sturdy and grips decently, but I noticed that only one half of the lip prevented the screen from touching the floor when inverted. This would've been great without a screen protector.
ROK9E1KX1PC50	5	Great Case! Fits perfectly and is very durable.
R2HN1KXYP24TVH	4	Great Company and product!!! I bought these 2 pack a couple of months ago. When I received it only 1 was working good. Anker customer service being as Great as they are reimbursed me half for the inconvenience.  I say it is a good product all around (compared to others on the market) Tho not the best.  The 1 product is still working good no complaints. I would recommend this to others for the price.  My rating is as follows: 5 stars for Anker customer service. 3 stars for the (1 working product I received)  For an overall rating of 4 stars!!!
R399T48NOMALXJ	5	Nice product Selfie I love taking pictures wherever I go and I’m glad that I got this selfie stick from Kengadget. There are a lot of selfie sticks out there but for me, by far this product stands out.  It looks more modern and sleek and also it is very well made. I have an Android phone and I did not have any problems pairing my Bluetooth with it. It’s lightweight and so convenient to use. You just have to turn it on, connect your phone with it, flash your perfect smile and click the button to take a picture. I love that it holds up your phone securely and also it has a wrist strap just to secure it in your wrist if you are clumsy like me.  You can extend it just enough to get a perfect group picture or even a nice view. Now I’m looking forward to our next vacation because this selfie stick will surely help in capturing every nice moment perfectly. Disclaimer: I received this as a complimentary product in exchange of my fair feedback.
R3QRZAIHHVZ49Z	1	One Star Did not fit phone!
R8D80Q18QUL7Y	5	Five Stars Excellent quality, far better value than I could find in any of the big stores.
R3ODGMH7JK72ES	5	Very good Keep the pone very slim - great color - simple and minimalistic which is good. Good feel on the case (doesn't feel slippery). Protects the sides and the back. Buttons are exposed and so is screen so may have issues there - but not too bad and you can always just get a screen protector. Professional packaging as well.
RNR39VB88ALU5	4	complete Great and cheap replacement and it comes complete. Was surprised to find all you needed. Thanks
R1SMMAUMJRK47T	5	Great slim and durable design. Nice slim case but durable material. Has good coverage, extra protection on the corners, but is not bulky at all. Plus the blue dot design hides the flaws/scratches my last clear cover created (not by E LV) but still has clear look that I wanted. With new screen protector my phone looks brand new again!
RG4HEHB93OOEP	5	Five Stars Love it Color is awesome :) :) :)
RC881EJL7119V	3	Three Stars You get bubbles no matter what
RZXBT3S7NTX71	5	Five Stars Keeps it from sliding.
R2QKX2SG1JG7GZ	2	Love the look but disappointed Love the look but disappointed.  Thin plastic hard shell cracked along volume buttons within first week after one fall off my lap and onto the floor.  My phone is fine so I guess it did its job, but I would expect more resiliency from a case claiming to be so protective.
R259UAY4TW9OCW	5	Must get I’ve been seeing these all over the news about how these are really popular in Asia and wanted to try one out. This thing is amazing and has revolutionized how we take photos, I LOVE monopods. It arrived in nice blue packaging. This selfie stick is black and works exactly as advertised. You hook up your phone via audiojack and place it in the holder. Click and you’ve taken a pic! Initially, I was worried that it was so light, it was flimsy. But once you put your phone, you realize they did that on purpose and it helps to reduce the weight. Button works perfectly and I like the sleek design. My phone fits well, but I always have my phone in a case, just in case something happens. We took this on a trip and it was so convenient just taking this and my phone, instead of lugging around our DSLR. No more bothering strangers for bad pictures and we can get the whole family in the pic! You might feel funny about using a monopod, but when we went to Europe, everyone was using them because they really are great! Totally recommend! *Honest review for discounted product*
RYFLTK9IB0D6V	5	Worth your purchase! Comparable to Fitbit. Love it.
R33U7S14N42DZ1	4	Four Stars Love the great price!
RQ1OMD2JF60U0	2	Easy to put on, but not worth the effort Easy to put on, but flimsy.  Even though I thoroughly cleaned the screen several times - once with the spray and each time with the cloth, there were dust particles left by the cloth which could not be removed from the film.  Once I got the film on, it was grainy and made my screen look fuzzy.  I had to take it off completely as I could not see through the dust and fabric leftovers.
R3S1H6G5CP42XZ	5	Good first impression Easy installation, my recommendation is to clean the screen, gently place the protector on the screen and carefully move it into position, then when the position is satisfactory press the center to set the adhesive.  The clarity is great, and the protector feels nice too. No issues yet, but with screen protectors issues usually don't appear for the first couple of months
RW3TRPB265U6X	5	Impressed. Worth my money. This is an awesome case to have, especially when you are on the beach or in the vacation.It is just what I wanted. I would still recommend to friends and family.
R1ZPLHUZC67TTL	1	One Star Did not work didnt do anything waste of money
R3LKXTJWD5BP7G	5	Five Stars This gadget is GREAT!  I use all 6 ports on it.  It charges quickly.
R1HOD7R1MEOWVR	5	A Serious Smartphone Competitor Probably like you, I had never even heard of cubot, but I am now a fan.  PERFORMANCE: Scores about 27500 in the &#34;antutu smartphone benchmark&#34; app (galixy S4 and 'htc one' are at about 26000, galixy S5 is abt 33000)... So it's performance is excellent for the price. I am a multi-tasking fool, and it hasn't let me down yet.  CAMERA: takes excellent pictures and video... It has a Sony cmos camera, works pretty good in low light considering it is a phone. Front cam is better than most. Quality skype calls, outdoor photos, indoor selfies.... it does it all well.  STORAGE: Storage is 16gb (but with micro SD card slot). I found conflicting specs on different sites, some say 32 gb micro sd, a few say 64 gb max... I am using a 64gb, and while my phone work likes the card, I couldn't get it to show quite right using 'mass storage mode' on my pc using the included USB cable. So using the drop down menu on my phone I select &#34;mtp mode&#34; for usb connection, and my pc sees my 64gb card no problem. I have loaded gbs of music to it and it works.  SCREEN: Very vivid color and easy to read, looks high resolution, good side angle viewing too. Screen size is BIG, which I like; if you don't it might not be the phone for you.   IR RADIO: This is a little uncommon, it has an infra red transmitter to be used with the 'ZaZaRemote' app, allowing you to control DVD and blueray players, TVs, AC units, radios, ect... The app has a database of hundreds of common brands and models, with an option to hold your remote up to your phone so it can 'learn' the device. I had limited succes with older DVD, VCR, and entertainment changers, with newer devices it worked pretty good... Except that my vizio's channel and volume contols would trade places in the app.. But yes, on/off control, input change, volume, it works.  SPEAKER: sucks, its quiteish, I like listening to music/audio books/speakerphone calls and its not nearly as loud as say, my iPhone 4s. In cubot's defence, it is a pretty slim phone, not much room for a large speaker  CARRIER: Unlocked is awesome, I ran it for my last week with att's gophone plan, and I just changed to puretalkusa (they lease from att so identical coverage, but more competively priced plans) works on either, or T-Mobile I am told, among many others. It doesn't support LTE (or 4G) to my knowledge, but I'm ok with the 3G internet service in my area. Note: I did have to reconfigure the APN phone data settings for puretalkusa to use Internet on their network, I just googled their settings and typed it into the phone settings, pretty easy.  BATTERY: Not the most impressive, it will last me all day with no problems, but its not amazing. Comparable with other large-screen smartphones.  WATERPROOF: It is IP65 rated, meaning at the time of manufacture it can be held in any direction under a sink for 15 min with no damage... This does not mean that it is necessarily submersible or that you could take it swimming. There are several reviewers on YouTube that show the phone running apps and videos under 5 inches of water... Well, proceed at your own risk. I live in the Pacific Northwest and regularly have to deal with loads of rain, so its basically rainproof :)  INTHEBOX: Comes with a softcase (nice because there isnt a big selection, I found one hardcase online and its still in the mail), and a USB cord ( which had its wires exposed at one end from the white cable sheath, not good, but it works), and a tool to pop open sim and micro sd trays.  OTHER NOTES headphone jack comes out the side, not top or bottom... Weird.. Timezone resets to east coast if on autoset... Might be my carrier? I just set it to 'manual set', no problem. Light on the back is bright, makes a fantastic flashlight, I appreciate the data usage tools so I know what I've got left and that I can set a limit so I can't go over.
RG79OSQKMUR8C	5	Five Stars Worked perfect for 5c through AT&T.  No issues.
R33ETPS96KCQBA	5	Unique charger provides quick charges for all devices If there is one accessory that I think all mobile users should have it’s a USB charger for their car. I personally have three that I keep in my car for various road trips. The first adapter I had only had one port. It was very helpful, but as the need has grown for more ports and more power behind it, so has the market for car chargers. Accessory designer, TYLT, has come up with a rather unique device, the Y-CHARGE [QUIK] Car Charger. It’s a charger that is designed to push more power out to larger devices. For example, the Y-Charge [QUIK] has a 4.7A high powered output. That’s enough power to charge two tablets at their maximum rate. In addition to that, devices that support QuickCharge will charge up to 75% faster than with other chargers.  The Y-Charge [QUIK] is also a ‘smart’ charging device. This is a newer class of products that senses your device’s power needs. The charger will then provide the maximum charging rate that is designed to charge your device with. This is very helpful as you don’t have to worry about overcharging or inserting your device’s USB cable into the wrong port. I’ve been a fan of TYLT for quite some time now and have owned many different car chargers. But, I’ve never seen one with such a unique design. As the name suggests, the charger is a ‘Y’. The power adapter end that goes into the cigarette lighter is just a bit longer than most of the other chargers I’ve used. It’s ‘Y’ junction splits into two ports for USB charging. I’ve used other TYLY USB Charging products and found them to be of greater strength that other chargers in the same class and feel that the Y-Charge [QUIK] is no different.  The only issue I have with this special charger is its size. And, this may just be because of my usage, but my main cigarette lighter sits just in front of one of my drink holders. Any time I am charging something, it gets in the way of a drink that needs to sit in that holder. This is a very minor issue, but one I felt I needed to address as others might have the same consideration. All in all, this is a wonderful product with a very unique design.  &#34;This product was received at a free or discounted price in exchange for my review. I am a technology journalist and pride myself on providing fair and honest reviews. Please feel free to ask any questions you might have.&#34;ry minor issue, but one I felt I needed to address as others might have the same consideration. All in all, this is a wonderful product with a very unique design.  &#34;This product was received at a free or discounted price in exchange for my review. I am a technology journalist and pride myself on providing fair and honest reviews. Please feel free to ask any questions you might have.&#34;
R3NA34XGFILAP1	5	Five Stars Awesome...very worth it...I luv this product...tnks amazon...hppy customer
R3LI29141M6K4N	5	Five Stars Great phone!
R2QTDBUQWBPJ9X	1	Radio lasted 2 days and volume control was lost. ... Radio lasted 2 days and volume control was lost. Radio would be all the way up or all the way down no in between.
R1TSCCWL7392YX	1	Not Worth it It worked for about an hour until it started sounding staticky.  Guess you get what you pay for.
RZRG0SKW3UWYY	5	Five Stars Great product.
R3SN4SDV58QDNE	3	Dont get this phone I was use to a Samsung S4 so I thought they would be the same since they both work with Android. Unfortunately that was not the case. Over all it works but if u have ever used a Samsung, keep it! Also camera is horrible! And the oops protection takes forever to get new phone.
R1EN59T8W252O0	5	worked great Installed with no problems
R1PTKLZZY76B5Q	5	Nice case - simple Nice case - simple, clean and lightweight. It fits the phone very securely, and I haven't noticed that the case hinders the use of any of the controls.  If you are looking for a clear case for your device, this one is very good!
RER8QAM7SEVY	5	Great price, fast shipping Great price, fast shipping, product was as advertised. Charger works well for my battery. I will recommend this charger to my friends. Thanks again!
R2SAOC0U0D1H49	5	its great it works very well
R558IAEKO9LUG	5	Five Stars Love it. More durable than others I have used.
RBIQ9264HXLDK	1	Garbage Absolute garbage. Switches between charging and not charging every second or so, doesn't matter what position the phone is placed, and does this on three different types of phones.
R1N16POMYQN1RF	5	So far so good (better than expected and would recommend Have had install on my boat all spring/summer (about 100 hours water time). So far so good (better than expected and would recommend. Especially for the price.
R38WM8EDU4JC9B	5	Absolutely beautiful! My Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 fits perfectly Absolutely beautiful!  My Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 fits perfectly.
R3MTONP1PNDHV0	5	Five Stars good product
R3AVP7N7Q2CSPX	4	perfect Good quality blutooth headset ,It can pair with my Iphone very well and fast .
R2NK1Q31QB5J3X	5	A good choice Fits well, looks good, magnet holds flap closed, price was right. Very happy.
R1FASF03LB4X83	5	Five Stars love it
R22CFWJU0AU4D6	1	Junk Lasted a week before it stopped working.
R1Q9UTZNEFHAYK	1	One Star Was too big, didn't fit the phone right.
RB2UZGXD9KBRO	4	Dual USB car charger with digital voltage clock I purchased this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest opinion. There are a few things I like about this product one is the digital screen that lets you know the state of your cars battery voltage and how much power is being supplied to your device while it's charging. The other thing that is cool is the head of the device can be maneuvered a little once it is completely plugged in. I have a Samsung Galaxy S5, the speed is not super fast but from 0% battery it can get a full charge  within 1hr30mins - to - 2hrs. It has dual usb ports so you can charge 2 devices at the same time but I only used it for my phone but it is handy to have. When the car is off there is less voltage, so while the car is running it may increase the speed of the charge a little. I would recommend this product if you are concerned about the state of your cars battery.
R1K3Q7A76DV205	1	One Star No protection at all
R2DKBL3ZDPVXN7	3	Three Stars Only attaches to window. Does not work on dashboard.
RXKWU1796XZDU	5	Very good connected switch, works great with Amazon Echo!!! When I read some of the other reviews, I was worried that the firmware updates might cause some issues for me.  I bought four of these to control the outside lights on my house, and they have been working great for more than a month now.  I think that Belkin has resolved the firmware issues other reviewers talked about, and I have even had them go through a second update (after the initial one that ran at installation) without any issues.  I have had to restart a few of the switches in order to make them reconnect to my router after I changed some settings, but otherwise they have worked very well.  If you are looking for a solid system to begin connecting you lights to your network, these are a great choice.  The added bonus is they are very easy to set up with Amazon Echo.  I simply logged into my Echo app, and built a group with all of my outside lights.  I can easily turn them on or off as a group from my iPhone or by asking Alexa to take care of it for me.  Definitely a step into the future!
R35AQF55S8UFKT	5	Five Stars Great case.
RKWI9P41RPM92	5	Attractive with quality My iPhone did not come with a charger for my car.  The iPhone battery runs down so fast that I needed something I could use while I was traveling. This not only works great, it is also attractive.  Sure is nice to not have to dig out that ugly bunch of wires to hook up my old one.  I just leave this one plugged in so that is always handy.
R1VCZ54TTTEH	5	Five Stars Looks good and protects well.
R3C2QLUXWW4R33	4	Slim and unassuming. Exactly what I was looking for ... Slim and unassuming.  Exactly what I was looking for.  Not the most protective but it works for my needs since the 6 plus is such a big phone.
R6A91RBQ1DPCT	1	One Star does not fit the edge 6
R50AQRF92MQA7	5	Five Stars Love Romero Britto products specially in Amazon, prices are very good
R3B7G2474GIIMZ	5	Five Stars I love this case. I have gotten so many compliments on it.
R2WBVFEJT5G1I2	5	Five Stars Good product
R3TRZWR8E68NNX	5	Five Stars It's great. Love the fit over the phone and the kickstand is excellent
R3936PORVVZPOH	5	Another great battery from Anker This is my third battery (and largest) from Anker.  This battery is very well-made.  It does have a little bit of weight to it but that makes it feels very solid.  Seems to never run out of power.  So far I am very satisfied with this battery and highly recommend it.
R3N2E9XZJMSGHO	5	Five Stars l love it
R26MW7OQISOR6G	4	So far, so goof: protection without too much bulk Pretty satisfied. Dented the thing with a couple of drops--one between the slats of picnic table right onto concrete (about 28 inches drop, I'd guess). No damage to the phone, so the case did its job as expected. The bulk added is noticeable over the naked phone, but still less bulky than many cases on the market it seems, and the level of protection so far is excellent.  The only little quibble: The speaker grill has a thin piece separating two openings to the speaker. This sticks out, and therefore has worn off, revealing a silver/white color underneath. Not sure why they added the ridge, maybe to allow sound out when the phone sits flat? It seems like this same wear will eventually happen to the whole case, but replacing it (maybe refreshing in a new color?) down the line is better than replacing or repairing the phone, obviously
R3D53SDESEHYC6	1	I would not recommend this to anyone at any price I am very sorry I purchased the Nuvi 56 LMT.  The screen glare often reduces the unit to a listen only GPS .If you go on the internet you will see many anti glare hoods being offered to try to fix the problem.  Regretfully I was unaware that such a problem existed. Many common words are mispronounced, e.g. bridge is pronounced as badge  and some street names are so badly pronounced they are beyond recognition.  Unlike my older Garmin unit the Nuvi 56 sometimes has a time lag informing you of the next up coming street name.  This will happen if the distance between the streets is not long enough.  I will using my i Pad mini GPS.  I would not recommend this to anyone at any price.
R3B77DNANOIPQY	1	Very disappointed. Sometimes doesn't charge both (case & phone) Very disappointed.  Sometimes doesn't charge both (case & phone).  Sometimes it will not charge and have to remove case to charge iPhone and case separately.
R2LYFRN37OYB1D	5	A+ Beautiful design and fast shipping!
R25KD7Y0Q00O50	5	Love this! Only issue is if you have to ... Love this! Only issue is if you have to take it off so if this is a case that you plan to take on and off, go with something else. But I would buy this again easily. It looks amazing, has protected my phone through countless drops and you can push all the buttons on your phone easily.
R36LKC3681LVX2	2	Good at first charges to 51% now no matter how long. slow. At first it would charge to 97% but it just kept going down
RA8X4ISKQL73U	5	Excellent charging cable, excellent length. Excellent build quality. Nice thick cable. Should last a long time.  Honestly Skiva makes products with excellent quality and attention to detail. Everything from the packaging to the finish on the materials.  Never disappoints!
R3NQ3XB86QTT0G	5	Five Stars Great for travel!
R6EAQFAR6X3YM	1	took it in to best buy for help no luck sent it Didn't pair or work right, took it in to best buy for help no luck  sent it back
R3MFP5RPVJB905	5	Excellent tripod for both phone and camera I've tried several types of mini tripods in the past for phones and webcams and some of the real cheap one are so light and flimsy that they tip over when the wind blows or if you have a USB cable attached they'll just collapse at the slightest change in weight distribution.  For this, I was originally looking for a tripod for my point-and-shoot camera and then saw this one that can also be used with my phone.  I haven't used the bluetooth remote feature, but as a tripod alone I feel that this one is plenty sturdy and will not fall over easily.  There are probably other decent tripods for half the price I paid for this, but the value in this is it has a phone adapter included.  That being said, the price just went down $5.00 since I bought it! :)
R23IKP4DI29GXP	4	Four Stars Not the best but it does the job if you dont have BT in your ride.
R354KM1135F3NU	5	Five Stars Very comparable to big name products.
R1F43J4CQ4E7DS	5	Five Stars Fits my Ipod perfectly and I will buy from seller again in the future
R2RL69LHWXZ2NV	4	Good usb charge cord replacement Good quality charger fits snug to the phone. Only down side was that it was a little short. Does the job perfect.
R3PZIHA6D4G456	5	Five Stars worked great
R3PEUVZ52K7KKO	5	Five Stars I love being able to sync with multiple devices
RB9A5ILQFOW77	5	Five Stars Good quality product. charges fast.
R35UXQINNM8HJE	5	Awesome First time buying a tempered glass for my phone, and this one really surprised me, I don't notice it at all it really feels like touching the screen.
R1M4TSE0J6ZC6L	1	One Star Does not work on my iPhone 6
R2G3J83Z1T93Y0	5	Five Stars This case was exactly as I expected and works great!
RPGW2AZ6EMXRS	5	button sticker review good quality and cute
R1OX57GY3ITG3B	5	Five Stars its not superfast charger but it is a fast charger
R10LB3X8D6X7G4	5	I really love this product I really love this product... Somehow I always had problems with this type headphones, but this ones fit perfectly, sound is amazing, it does stay when you run...
RBZORDD0JEBU3	5	As good as it gets This is a top quality charger, and a lifesaver if you don't want your device running out of power.  Its made well, and works well; that's about as good as it gets.
R24M7BOSK9OMGJ	5	Best Service Wonderful people to deal with. I purchased this item and received it. However when I used it, the connector became loose. I wrote a negative review. It was read by the IXCC Customer Support team and they replied to me. They suggest that I return this item and get a replacement. I did just that. The service was great and fast. The new cable appear much better then the first. I believe that I may have received a defective cord in the first order. That happens. Since the service was so great I am giving this FIVE STARS.
R1PG1I1EV6ILCF	5	Nice size and weight Emergency iPhone power when you need it.  Nice size and weight.
R3OQDM69E8XHT0	1	Terrible product Do not order this case!!! It is beyond cheap and it looks like they took a picture of a real Kate spade phone case and blew it up to fit this case. The wording is faded, the product is terrible!!!!! So disappointed
R21OARFSGTMZWT	5	Five Stars My favorite
R3S16ZAH5DB5SQ	3	Three Stars Ok, but couldn't get it to stick.
R2R0F4UOWZMBAX	5	OtterBox shipping Arrived on time, no issues, well wrapped, Very Happy.
RS11RNBNRW6NI	5	Great Buy Great price, quick service and fast delivery. Would order again.
R2KPX7HRRDS42N	5	Great little protector Just what I was looking for to carry my Garmin eTrex20, fits well, keeps it a bit safer and secure in my bag.
R3RSRRGLWQHJAH	5	Five Stars Wonderful
R3MWMVEWGUHFSS	5	Five Stars AWESOME!
R2ILAH5EDZHVC	2	poor quality and poor customer service The tuner in this unit has never worked properly.  I have only been able to tune in 1 station cleanly.  Tech support had no options, other than take it to repair center.  Purchased this M303 along with a XC1410 amp, and both are defective.  The replacement amp has now failed, and again tech support/customer service has no option for me.  I will not be buying Clarion products ever again, poor quality and poor customer service.
R15K0VSRV41UO6	5	Recommend this product. it sounds good for music, and the microphone is very good for voice chat.
RNXRDH0VA9XAB	1	the phone was in visually excellent condition, but some how it went through refurbishment ... the phone was in visually excellent condition, but some how it went through refurbishment without being able to be charged. not very useful without power.
RHEZK8WB5R5K7	5	awesome product Works perfectly... Thanks 😁
R10ZXVG1YI98EO	4	Four Stars works fine
R2FZNR3XUPE0TH	3	Good-ish Fits fine. Could be a little less slippery to hold on the back.
R2IF54C19P3WVQ	4	Great for the price I got a otterbox for mine and this for my brothers. It's thinner then the otterbox by far but does a good job of protection on the corners.  My only complaint is I think the rubber should be a little thicker. Those with petite hands my find it very comfortable though.
R1HVX3UK5DKK0X	4	Great idea Heat makes the GPS fall off, so you have to re stick it.
R1OH7154LGFX7	5	Love it! My first bluetooth, and I love it. Why did I not do this a long time ago? Who knows.
R2P8ZRA21P296X	5	It is great for the kids in the back where there is ... It is great for the kids in the back where there is only one power port.  With this they can charge their tablets or smart phones on the road.
R7PU0EMOJH5JZ	2	Didn't last long The screen started breaking on the third day by the home button. I checked to make sure the screen was placed properly and it's not sticking out. Some days later it started crumbling off around the corners... It looks nice but the durability is very low.
R2C3KA1HZBDJL2	2	(they have to be paying those people for good feed back) WARNING DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF S***! THE BUTTON DOES NOT WORK ! (they have to be paying those people for good feed back) WARNING DO NOT BUY!  AFTER TAKING ONE PICTURE THE BUTTON STOPPED WORKING !
R2U4MPEIQYZ3AW	5	Five Stars Works perfectly. Fits perfectly
RE3J77I7U0HI3	2	These earbuds were definitely not the right fit for me ... These earbuds were definitely not the right fit for me.  I used these headphones for running, and I could not find the right combination of &#34;wings&#34;, in-ear pieces, and over/under ear positions to make the earbuds stay secure in my ear while doing so.  Besides the fit, pairing, sound, and battery life were all as described, and worked as expected.
R1AN03F18QBELT	1	The belt clip is very cheaply made, The belt clip is very cheaply made, I've had to order 5 replacement belt clips and won't be buying another
R3BL9FO1UL63AP	5	Five Stars Great product and provides fast charge on the go
RGY4GF2KEVI2E	5	Perfect phone case I love my phone and was looking for a case that would be thin and allow me to stick my phone in my pocket without a lot of bulk or rubber sticking to my pants. This case is pretty (especially on my white phone) and fits perfectly. I'm happy with my purchase.
R1S5VHBDEAFO8X	5	Five Stars Delivered as promised...on time!
R2IC2BB4GH82ID	4	Wife loves it I received this product to provide a fair and honest review  This wallet case is quite nice as far as how tightly it fits the phone. The texture of the case is also quite nice.  The case is great if you are running to the store to pick up a few things and need to carry your ID and debit card with you, but any more than that and it starts to get a bit tricky. You could not fit several credit cards or business cards or more than a few dollar bills before you have fattened the wallet enough to prevent proper closing.  I was very happy with the construction of the case as far as materials used, stitching, color, etc. The only drawback for me was the limits in space available.
R30XABHRR7KQ91	5	Love it This niftyty little Pouch which secures with a snap closure provides everything I need, I wanted a hands-free means of carrying my phone when I'm walking my dog with the leash in one hand and various other items in my other hand  this certainly meets my requirements. It arrived quickly which is always appreciated, it has a separate little area for cash or credit cards and most importantly to me, an adjustable shoulder strap . a separate wrist strap was enclosed as well. Great gadget.  It's light weight I do have a mini droid and this case weighs a little less than the phone. There is more than enough room for my phone this would hold a larger phone Also
R1CEEGVL8XQAMV	5	Great to have for travel Fast shipping, great product.
R2BIAWAM93N8CT	5	Five Stars Fits great
R38S2JLU5DRQ0Z	5	Five Stars The product works as expected.
RCTYFEZVJBTHO	1	very disappointed. Since the beginning having problems with the door ... Very, very disappointed. Since the beginning having problems with the door you use to charge thei cel. Hard time to keep it close and now it does not close. Looking forward to get my money back.
R8NQPE7YLIW0B	4	Love the sticker Love the sticker. Put it on my clip on case. Its peeling a little bit and I bought it in May (2015). Nothing a little Modge Podge cant fix.
R1D4MXN3ASR3S7	5	Five Stars Great phone!
R1PV4R5HYL2SEF	5	amazing they gave me a free extra charger , amazing
R21GLR3TD27ISV	3	My feedback response - not removed...... Don't get me wrong - I like the product so far. It works as indicated - charges the phone and acts as a battery backup for the phone. No problems so far there. But I give the 3 stars because of the email I received from NomadPlus, asking me how I like my product because &#34;your feedback helps us ensure a positive customer experience&#34;.  My issue lies with Nomad because the final sentence of my email says, &#34;We love happy nomads, so if you have any questions or issues with your product, please email me at [e-mail address removed] and I'd be glad to help you.&#34;  So I received an email from 'Chloe', and she wants to help me if I have questions, yet there is no email address for me to contact 'Chloe'?!?! Ah, yes, so very helpful. Sorry Chloe (if that's your real name), but I just can't give you 5 stars because of your hollow attempt to ensure I am a happy nomad. Am I being petty? I guess, but don't pay me lip service with your feigned desire to ensure this nomad is happy.
RHSK9ORY35RW1	1	One Star It was the wrong one. It didn't fit
R7DM0E2WZMHZT	4	It works as advertised. It works as advertised.
R1G1OQT0R6GWHR	5	RECOMEND Awesome!!!!!!! Holds a lot of cards and the magnetic cell holder is brilliant.  I use this everyday so that I don't have to lug my wallet.  Everyone one that sees it wants one.
RLMCBN0910VKM	1	Not what you expect from Motorola I bought 6 pairs of radios to use in my business, the radios are well built except for the belt clip, that is too small and easy to brake. My biggest dissapointment is with the clarity of the voice, it is extremely hard to understand anything the other person is saying, much less with the surveillance headset PTT mic, I am really dissapinted with Motorola.
R3UKF0KWGA8XHY	5	Best charger in the house now! I love the fact that this charger has 6 ports on it. Between tablets and cell phones, we just didn't have enough outlets in the kitchen where we wanted to charge all of our devices so they were easy to remember to grab on our way out of the house each morning. This guy does them all and only uses 1 wall outlet... and all 6 devices charge fast. I have a Charger Doctor device that displays the voltage and current being delivered by a USB port, and I've had the charger loaded up to where it is delivering more than 1 amp from each of the 6 ports (6 amps total) with no problems. I've recommended this to my family and I know they are going to love it as much as I do.
R2FEG2RD30W71A	4	Four Stars This is exactly what I need
RAV7NBDA9RDX2	5	15k in your pocket This is a 15,000 mah portable battery pack. Just to give you some comparisons, an iphone 6 has 1800 mah, and a nexus 6 has around 3000 mah. So that should give you an idea of how much this should charge your phones. One thing about the current generation of battery packs is that they are &#34;smart&#34; charging, meaning they will slow down charging when it nears a full phone charge.  Unfortunately, I don't have a quick charge phone, but I wish I did because it seems like a nice feature. Fast charging. It is marked by an orange port (like it is on all other Aukey devices). The nexus 6 does have quick charging, but I don't have one unfortunately.  Other than that, the two ports work as normal ports up to 2 amps, which is good for tablets and phablets.  15,000 is amazing. I have a 20,000 mah one from another company that is a lot bigger and heavier. This has a built in flashlight as well (like many other battery packs that are on the market).  I would recommend using a 2 amp charger, which this battery has, to ensure faster recharge time on the battery pack. at 1 amp, it would be a bit slow. Charging is via a micro usb cable, which is standard with most android phones.  Overall, it is a nice, well designed, and functional battery pack that has many uses and is being added to replace some smaller battery packs in my travel arsenal.  Item was provided for unbiased review.
R3MVKI1W8N8E8G	5	Five Stars worth it
R99RBOAYMKWVR	1	One Star The screen protector on this item is horrible. If they fix that portion of the case it's awesome
R1RL5PU3W4Y2OV	5	Great Product Mounted this to a Victory Jackpot.  Gives great versatility for listening to music or using it as navigation. Holds Iphone 6 (with Case) really well.
R355YZQA65NVAU	4	... hard to fit in my pocket but it looks great and I don't have to worry about my phone ... A little bulky so it's hard to fit in my pocket but it looks great and I don't have to worry about my phone getting beat up.
R3IICS1L2WOXLQ	5	This smart watch worths its money. This smart watch worths its money. It makes the same things the other famous watches do. You can connect it via bluetooth with your mobile. It connected without a problem with s4. Receive and make calls.
R20EPYZ9NUGTLU	5	Five Stars My son loves it!
R2O98KPQTW64ET	4	Don't be affraid to give it a try! Due to over 30% of the bad reviews, I was really worried if I made the wrong decision on getting UP2. However, I really like the design of UP2, small, light weight, comfortable to wear and the features (include the app), which helps me to watch my daily activities and hit my exercise goals. Many people complained it does not stay on the wrist well, but mine hasn't had this problem yet. Only one thing needs to be aware, but not a big deal, it sync with my phone every few minutes,so drains the battery really fast. In overall, it is a good tracker worth to give it a try!
RX0HQ59PT360R	4	Four Stars Sound is good but doesnt go nearly as far as they claim.
R3INIG8ZYIMDW8	1	One Star I had them a month and they both quit working:(
R3JYCST5AZG7BC	5	Wonderful(: Great product. It's sturdy and not bulky. I love the buttons to turn each individual port on and off. This is a great car accessory.
R1XXP2E1E1O9C5	3	it's do-able. worth it's price Does the trick but would rather have the cover itself
R11XDEB7M2DBI1	1	waste of money There is just one word to describe this product -&#34;Terrible&#34;
R3TVQ8GR0LU3ML	1	had no glue sucks had no glue to stick sucks dont buy
RNS9IAXABVUFU	5	Best Glass Protection This is hands down the best glass Protection for an iPhone. I have been using this glass protection for about 2 years. You can't beat the cost or the protection quality ... Great Job...
R1SDSTM0XHKVTU	5	This wristlet is super useful if you're going out with just a phone ... This wristlet is super useful if you're going out with just a phone and your id/credit cards because it's super tiny and you can literally fit it in a pocket or just have it around your wrist.
RB23BAMONYEUI	1	This things junk This things junk! The picker quality sucks! The play the time back doesn't work half the time. The GPS cable  comes out all the time. And it died after three months of us.
R1IMCDWNNRSGNJ	5	Five Stars Great Case very satisfied with product.
REUI2LIR5BGC1	5	Five Stars Love it!
R22NXRVVRPRBX2	5	Relax enjoy the weather. Works very well! so nice to know I could fall in the pool or get caught in the rain and no problem!
R3PE988QK2AXVK	5	Five Stars Awesome. Works good and great price.
R19LCL6W1OGL50	5	Five Stars Love it!
R2RHDRY67J7YCO	5	Works great! Great !!!! I drop my iPhone at work I work in a warehouse and the floor is extremely hard. I was so afraid to pick up my phone when I did I saw the screen was shattered but when I remove my Maxboost glass protected I realized it was the screen protector and not my actual phone. Great product to have if you have an iPhone it's a life saver.
R1GP5KTRFO79QI	4	Add versatility of Bluetooth to TV. Wish the connector plug was three inches longer, as it sits behind the TV and is impossible to hit the sync button unless I move the TV.  Other than that, am pleased.
R1LVWFUGER6DWJ	4	Four Stars 👍🏻
R3JWYCAW6GHB2B	4	Not Bad I went without screen protectors for awhile in part because I don't like the way they feel. Then there is dust and air bubbles. The glad feels great compared to plastic. Your fingers slide right over it. A few air bubbles were present after application, but they went away after a few days. The only issue I have with this screen is it doesn't work well with thin TPU cases. The lip of the case pushes the corners up and causes air bubbles.
R3O7LUQBIAFNJT	5	Five Stars An ultimate band
RNPRSPX7RPC7E	5	Great Buy! Love the custom option here. Fast shipping too!
R11NWYYIHHU57H	5	Have been waiting for a iPhone Case like this for a long time now! LOVE it! I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest opinion.  This case is very well built. The card holder securely holds my cards - they don't fall out when shaken around. They are also easy to slide out when needed, much easier than removing my ID from my wallet. The inside of the case is a flexible and softer material while the outer white part of the case is hard. I did drop my phone while in this case and it did bounce itself down the stairs -- my phone survived. The buttons on the case are really easy to push in and use. I am very impressed at the quality of this case for the price that it is. Plus I love the fact that I can throw my credit card or cash into it. Will definitely be buying another one for the hubs phone.
RTDY7BMZ5ZFG4	1	Misleading.. Received the phone it had a mark on the screen it's steadily getting worse and that whole spot is unusable the touch screen doesn't work in that spot I have photos. I know this is a refurbished phone but it said it was acceptable and usable this phone is neither of those things. I would like a replacement or at the very least a refund.
R1EFYMVU2ZR425	5	Flight tested and highly recommended! Recently got back from a domestic flight where we had the opportunity to use the headphones (in green) with our 6 year old. He loved them and even my 3.5 year old (which used his hand-me-down version of some other product) asked if she could use these! They liked how soft they were and I really liked the soft wire connection as well. Highly recommend. Easy to fold and carry in its own carrying bag which made it super easy for traveling. Kids were able to hear portable DVD player just fine over the plane engine (and we were toward the rear of the plane both times).
RTI3Y66OBK8TW	1	i bought this a while back.... ... i bought this a while back....didnt use it much because everyone said it sounded tiny .......i used the mic on a baofeng and a wouxun
R38CGQKTZUFMX9	4	Great device, I recommend it, but read my review for details about my particular phone model, Z3V Great device! It's everything I expected- Charges up well, charges my phone a few times on a charge, and although slower, the wireless charging works well, even though any case I've tried; but here's the caveat probably specific to my device, Sony Xperia Z3v: Because of the angle of the charger, my phone slides down to a point that it stops charging, only if it is bare with no case or protector. So for the wireless charging to work on a Sony Xperia Z3v, it must at least have a clear protector on it's back, or a case. I guess the tempered glass is too smooth for the rubber of the charger to grip. For this reason, I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5, because my device was specifically shown in the listing, but will not wireless charge in it's oem form (without a case or protector).
R3JDDHEYP948DX	5	Five Stars Great headphones, my 6yr loves them.
R1LL5J0NKTPIC3	4	Four Stars Nice Case recomended
R31JXJOT2I8MOV	5	Five Stars as orded
RDGKY4ZKCZP78	5	Good Product Bought from Vendor &#34;Charger City&#34; and it has been working properly for about a month.  Proper fit in the Magellan Roadmate 1700: Not too tight and not too loose.  Gets a little warm when operating, but the old one might have done that too.
RMQXUS5K8KBFB	1	waste of Not what I expected, waste of money
R9PYDSZT4PWJI	1	Wasted my time and my money There were sctraches on one side. Like it has been used for a year.
RR9GUF7DHZHMC	5	On point Love it! Great color and easy to fit on phone.
R1CZMXJXT36HVX	5	A Very Good Battery I've been using these daily for awhile now. So far they've worked better and last longer than the original battery that came with my phone. At this point, I can legitimately recommend these.
R105LJFPGO2HHF	5	Great deal. Purchased 3 Great deal.  Purchased 3.  Only possible negative is that when running, slight rattle coming from the volume button.  Other than that, great sound.
R3HOESO3CXB0AA	4	Four Stars Good phone for the price.
R2A7P7QABW842C	5	Great clear case I love to change cases frequently and I am very picky about my phone cases. I like them to be thin not bulky. I received the Fab Quality Clear Galaxy S6 Case. I love it. !!  So easy to put on and it fits nice and snug with my phone. I like that you can see my phone back and nothing is covered. It is so thin and makes my phone look as if it has no case on it. It is comfortable to grip, it does not feel slippery. I have had others that were for a iPhone 6 and the quality  was not as good. This is strong yet flexible. Precise Design Allows Easy Access to All Ports, Sensors, Speakers, Cameras and All Galaxy S6 Features. Designed Specifically for Samsung Galaxy S6 2015.  I will be using this case for a long time because it is so comfortable. I received this case complimentary in exchange for my unbiased review and opinion. All opinions and words are my own.
R48MIII0VJQAX	5	Five Stars Excellent product
R292S0V9QS5U3Z	1	DISAPPOINTED!! Was glad to receive it the day ... DISAPPOINTED!!  Was glad to receive it the day before my trip. Very disappointed because it didn't charge my phone at all though it was plug in the whole day 😕. Tried to switch from both output but still not working. Going to return it!
R1WQNXYGENO0BB	5	Pleased Nice cover, fits very snug on tablet and love the design.  Good rotation capability, easy to hold.  Shipped quickly in nice packaging.
R3MIN9DK3T6A8E	5	It fits easily onto my phone and is very secure I received this product at a reduced price in exchange for my honest review.  This case seems very well constructed. It fits easily onto my phone and is very secure. It adds bulk to the phone comparable to any non-otterbox/lifeproof case.  I would recommend this.
R1ASQFF7H9O7CS	4	but the bow kept falling off even though I super glued it back on several times This is very cute, but the bow kept falling off even though I super glued it back on several times.
R1QCIYWE0I0VY2	5	Highly recommend!! Just now coming apart a little here and there. I used it everyday, and the credit card slots are just now stretching out a tad. I would estimate I've had about a year! Very heavy use. I would recommend!!!!
R1WTDICRIMDC62	5	Exactly what I have been needing Exactly what I have been needing! Our bed is located in a goofy place in our bedroom and phone charger cords are just a pain to deal with every night before bed! So much easier to just place my phone down and know it's going to be charged by morning!
R4GGNZS6D6G52	3	I purchased this clock last year and it worked well ... I purchased this clock last year and it worked well but the phone charger broke so my son doesn't want to use the clock anymore.  The ringer isn't loud enough to wake him up and it's right next to him. I was optimistic about purchasing a clock with so many functions.  I went to the dollar store and bought a clock that only has an alarm that rings loud. No bells and whistles.
R1XL14W0E8DP6T	5	good job monster cable for keeping the old tape decks ... this one works perfectly where others have failed. worth the extra cost. good job monster cable for keeping the old tape decks usable.
R2SJSGMZQ8VD1O	5	Five Stars Fine fit looks good.
R21HW2NYI9U8AU	4	Nice case Nice case and as advertised.  Rated four stars as one of my cables with a thicker end won't work on this case even though it worked on a different case which has since worn out.  Otherwise I'd rate five stars as this is a very nice product for the money.
R2WP640WY863IX	5	Five Stars Great deal for the price
R2K8TCBVYZ7MVN	3	you get what you pay for this added nice bass but it has a very flat range where ... Pyramid BNPS102 10-Inch 1,000-Watt... It's ok  ... you get what you pay for this added nice bass  but it has a very flat range where it hits/sounds good  and some of the sub sounds dont even hit at all and the ones that do sound good so you will be listening to a song with a bass line and half of it it quiet  and the other half is way loud  and some beats dont sound right... i have them hooked up to a 1000w boss amp that was about $60 here on amazon...another bumming thing is they dont bump good at all  my honda stereo  goes from 1-40  and they only sound good around 1-13 ... some songs good up to 20  i have played with the amp a lot to try and get it to sound better but they just sound muddy and airy at high volume with hardly any hit  i even turned the amp almost all the way down and it becomes a bit cleaner sounding but it also sounds really weak like you dont have amps  just some really nice 6x9 rear speakers  that do decent bass for not being subs ... now if i only turn volume up to 13 and have the amp at about half power it sounds really nice with most songs aside from some bass lines being much quieter than others .. imo spend a little more and get quality subs like kicker or MTX  or rockford fosgate  or something decent
R2KQ5AH0HCRJMK	1	One Star Overheats my phone badly.
R2V6GTRF5O8U66	5	Great product! I bought this for my boyfriend, and he loves it!!!!! It stays charged forever!!! If you play ingess, this is a must have!
R1IT1I9MB4C2QO	4	Good stuff! I was skeptical at first because of all the generally negative reviews about this mount.  People say it rattles around a lot while riding and they are worried that it might fall off their bike.  All I can say is that it hasn't happened to me yet.  I have the mount stuck to the back of my Lifeproof'd iPhone 6 plus which is basically like riding around with an iPad on your handle bar!  It seems to be working just fine.  After you lock your device into the mount it holds it pretty good,  there is a little slop but it's nothing major.  I ride 12-15 miles per day on paved bike trails, off road single track stuff, gravel roads etc... Point being I ride without a worry that my phone is going to fall off.  Follow the instructions about applying the adhesive and it will work like it's supposed to.  The mount itself hasn't moved from its original mounting position after about 140 miles of use.  I gave it 4 stars just because it is a little sloppy after its locked into place but like I said before it's not enough for me to be concerned.  Overall I am pretty happy with my purchase and I would recommend this mounting system to a friend.
R1Y1FRTR4T19HZ	1	One Star It was to hard to mess with the buttons. Didn't keep it on at all.
R3TFXUJA2UC0OW	5	Looks good and the reception is significantly better than the original ... Looks good and the reception is significantly better than the original stubby antenna.  No longer hitting every cement beam at work or the airport parking garages with the factory antenna.
R16R21G4G01ZD3	1	One Star Wrong super shieldz.
R3CWAU0WNX8RAD	5	Five Stars Installed easily. Much less smudging than with the plastic protector I had.
R36YKH1DFN2G2P	5	Great last minute power for just about anything. Works great and fast, has a flash light also
RJXZIWEB1368G	4	Four Stars Phone works great! My charger that it came with did not. But the phone works perfectly :)
R10JY2DPTGE94C	4	Just as expected! Exactly as expected. Nice, snug fit with a high quality stand on back. The only thing I wish it had is the clear rubber protection cover that came with the original iPhone 5 version so that it can be used in the rain if needed. Otherwise it is good.
R27G73UTJV9D3M	4	Love it Very nice,love that you can put your  license in that secret slot.
RLUZUXURXH6SO	5	Five Stars Nicely built and very slim
R2ZKEXPS5MITF6	4	Decent product It is what I expected.  I purchased for my sister so she could pictures in the back.  Works like we thought.
R37IIW1R5JAYHD	5	Great multi charger Good product,  we have this near yhe table seems that is where everyone ends up hanging out.  Its worked great so far.  Love little plug with the cord. We use several size usb cords to reach everyone from 3 ,6 ,and a 10 foot one for the person at the end of table.  Seems someone is always needing to charge and this way no one has to play musical chairs to get near a charger. We just keep extra cords put in a little box ypu don't have cords all over the place all the time  Im ordering another to put in my bedroom for my 3 devices.
R3UJ3QQLL716KH	5	I really like it, but it did not have the silver ... I really like it , but it did not have the silver bird and that was a let down , because I was sold on one thing and received another
R28M0HXOBERR9W	1	When I press my button the outgoing beep is very ... When I press my button the outgoing beep is very loud so loud I have to take it off
R1HQUMNE9PR93H	5	happy with Ok so far... happy with it
R2Y91L378X9QIK	2	Worked great for 4 days Worked great for 4 days. Then it wouldn't charge. Every time I tried to charge it, it would reset and just vibrate. Tried to contact the seller, but the language barrier made it all but impossible. Shipped on time and in good condition.
R38OERJW5WPSW7	5	I was sold the unit at a reduced cost for my feed back and if the unit did not live up to its expectation I would not have given I gave the unit five stars because it did what it claimed to do with one charge on this battery  I charged a cell phone with a 3200 mAh battery and a speaker and I did not deplete the battery, battery pack after the two charges had 62% charge remaining. The only comment I want to make is that the unit has an LED light but there are no instuctions on how to turn the light on, I found if you deprtess the power button twice the light turns on and off. I was sold the unit at a reduced cost for my feed back and if the unit did not live up to its expectation I would not have given it aa good review, however an un it with a battery of this size sells for three times as much in a cell phone store or other electronics retailer.
R2MM54CTGJUVOX	5	Five Stars Greatest
RINLJV24SA060	5	Good Value! The price was great and the earphones do the job, comfortable and good quality.
R32E9SH9ONEC1E	5	This is a great little product This is a great little product. I also bought 3 cables when I purchased this charger, and I can charge my phone, backup battery, and bluetooth all at the same time. It's actually remarkably quick too. During my half hour commute, I can get a full charge on my bluetooth, 1/3 of a charge on my backup battery, and 3/4 of a charge on my phone, a Samsung Galaxy S4. Definitely recommend it. Great product, especially for the price.
R2EXSS6VIKQ0W9	3	Three Stars BULBS BLEW 1ST WEEK... ONLY A FEW WORKING
R1RAPOZ4J4B9IU	5	This is perfect. It make me feel more confident that my ... I was looking for a case that I could store my CC and DL so I did not have to put them loose in my pocket. This is perfect. It make me feel more confident that my CC and DL will not fall out of my pocket.
RRMVVBL1CJIBN	5	but these cables work great! I won't buy from any other source I ordered a 2 pack, but they sent me a 4 pack. No complaints here! My wife's phone is buggy and doesn't work with the cheaper cables, but these cables work great! I won't buy from any other source. These cables are a great price and feel sturdy.
R32NP3UC4I2ZG1	5	Great case & great price! Awesome case! protects the corners of the phone very well and the kickstand makes handsfree viewing easy.  Wish I hadn't of lost the holster!!
R8MHT3PYB4HYV	5	Five Stars Excellent
R301ZF3QQZWHIQ	2	Garbage Garbage
R9CF5AGS2URC5	5	Good product This battery fit and functioned very well.
R27TBJL179JHT2	5	nice nightstand organizer, hides the mass of cords, appears much more tidy. Perfect
RCUFHTQ35BJOT	5	Stellar craftsmanship with a gorgeous look. The quality of the craftsmanship is stellar; my favorite part is the cabling along the cord which makes it so flexible. Works perfectly with my iPhone 5s
R21TPVJ39MI8VW	1	DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM Crappie it says Cable charging and you have to toggle with the cable in order for it to work.
RWHPSGG3ZSIDR	3	Three Stars Does its job but doesn't support trickle charge. Also rattles when the phone isn't in there.
R2VXGTZLE0QHLZ	5	Excellent product, will hold even a 10 inch tablet! Great holding power, I use them with large phones, handheld radios and even my 10 inch Tablet without a problem. You can really bend the arm without a problem and it stays in place!
R357BW39DPF5ML	5	Five Stars Works on any device.  Charges rapidly.
R25S0SCF0DHOPG	1	One Star Horrible
R1CVE783B2RU3R	5	Five Stars This SIM card, SIMGLW206R, worked perfectly to activate a Sprint LG G2 on Sprint's network.
R279U5957I7I6T	3	Three Stars Plastic cover came off in second day. Other than that works nice
R3VZSN6MHW9PXF	3	Had a very hard time getting the old one out ... Had a very hard time getting the old one out and installing the new one it was really difficult even with the videos on youtube.
R1XC5OCKS0NQ7Y	5	Five Stars works well with my iphomes
R33AI8IH4PPAAB	5	Five Stars Very accommodating
R3IW3ZPFTFME6L	1	One Star It's a waste of money, even for kids. Won't connect to the phone, specially an iphone.
R16J2YPVFIZMU8	3	Great, unique, case. Nicely made, if a little brittle. Nice case, good looking, fits great. It's a little slicker than I suspected it would be but it is real wood and so I can take a fine grit sandpaper to give it texture. Fell off my nightstand and there's a crack in it now. Still functional, and it protected the phone perfectly. I'll have to get another at some point because it is cracked but, at this price it's worth it.
R228OUZH3QUPPX	5	A true space saver. This is a great product for those that have multiple USB items to charge.  I travel frequently and this charger save me from having to pack multiple transformers.  It allows me to charge everything (iPhone, Android phone, iPad and LG G watch) in the same area of my hotel room using only one outlet.  The smart power function is great too.  It will not overcharge the batteries and supplies the correct amount of power.
RI9KZ02CC7DJI	5	iPhone 6 plus black wallet My phone fit perfectly into the wallet.  It looks sleek and neat. Would highly recommend.
R1W6O69Z0YW71W	3	and it was amazing. This one was not as good I used to have a Spigen for my older phone; Note 3, and it was amazing. This one was not as good. After a few weeks it kind of got bigger than the phone, and I was not able to use it. In fairness to them, I have not contacted Spigen about it.
RSHMLXRTNLTEB	4	Four Stars Does a great job. Very satisfied.
RU1PNSEJU0769	5	Five Stars Works and fits perfect.
R6CG5XJFD8OQ9	5	Five Stars Love it. Very easy to put together.
R3LWV79GSLHQ3V	5	The cords are very sturdy. The length has become a plus when having ... I purchased several of these cords for my family. The cords are very sturdy. The length has become a plus when having an active child. He is always moving and really hard on electronics. This cords has held up really good.
R12ZHIRPVW9CB6	1	Stinks. I am a Senior without money to tbrow away! This phone only lasted 1 mo. Then couln't get a refund or credit. Very disappointing!
R2GSF0RQYQ0CCW	1	the volume button does not work properly. I'm unable ... the volume button does not work properly. I'm unable to turn the volume up or done as the case and volume button don't seem to line up. Furthermore, I have to remove the prone from the case to charge it as the hole on the case is not the correct size. I have since stopped using the case.
R83ZN4G7IX980	4	seems good. Just receive, seems good.
R9JCI14WTOEZX	1	I really wanted to like this phone... I bought one of these for my wife and one for myself back in May and I must say it has not been a good experience.  Our biggest gripe is that the Moto E is EXTREMELY slow.  It is hard to tell what the bottleneck is, but any level of multi-tasking will bring this phone to an absolute crawl.  I typically use Endomondo to track my walking and running while also listening to music stored on my phone with Google Music or streamed with Pandora.  So far I have not yet been able to run both apps without one or both crashing or the phone spontaneously rebooting.  If the phone is updating any of its apps, you might as well sit it down and walk away for a while because it will be mostly unresponsive until the updates are complete.  Switching between apps takes far longer than I would expect from any phone in 2015.  I have tried clearing cache and doing factory resets on both phones several times since we got them but have not seen any improvement in responsiveness.  Another extremely annoying issue is that apps moved to the SD card are moved back to the internal storage when they are updated through Google Play.  So, if you plan on moving apps to the SD card in order to save space on the meager internal storage, be prepared to move your apps from internal to SD each time they update.  The Moto E isn't all bad though.  The battery life is very good, there is virtually no bloatware and the built quality is very sturdy for a budget phone.  Motorola is also doing a great job keeping their devices on the latest stable version of Android.  I wish I could recommend the latest release of the Moto G over the Moto E, but it has the same CPU and memory bandwidth as the Moto E so I'm concerned that it might be a terrible multi-tasker as well.  I replaced our Moto Es with the Asus Zenfone 2 (purchased here on Amazon for $200) and found it to be a much better performer and better value overall than the Moto E.  Not a surprise really since the Zenfone's CPU is much fasterand it uses much faster RAM.
R20VZDDTE21ULA	3	Not a fan but for that price... hey It is great looking very pretty phone. the edgeless display is awesome and lcd screen is impressive, although it is not the best phone out, force closes apps alot, okay battery life, at times Wifi won't connect to &#34;avoid poor connection&#34; even when the signal strength is excellent, i had to downoad a launcher app to make it more aesthetically pleasing. both cameras are subpar, taking screenshots is pretty cool because all you do is swipe across the top of the phone but when you have the screenshot feature turned on it gets kind of annoying because it makes it hard to get to the settings in the status bar. you can't mute videos on instagram which is a bit of a bummer. For the money i guess I'd get it again despite some of its downfalls
R3K6OGDQC2AK69	1	Terrible design Terrible design, the on/off button is on the side which is easily pushed on with a slight bump.. Very hard to carry in purse or pocket. Charge drains frequently w/ode because of this.
RAV526RVV65GG	1	One Star Took one charge and that was it. Returning it now
R3Q773UZRH5FKX	5	Five Stars Excellent
R3CHH74YOKDWUW	5	Like it do much, bought 2nd one gof my son Solid, simple to opperate & reliable do far
R3NSEPNOGT6R95	5	Thanks Grest product. Thanks!
R26GTKVIRYI3NH	1	One Star Doesnt work on my OnePlus 2 :(
R3UQWLZ2L8I6HD	5	Great charger, definitely recommend! Great charger and still works after a couple months unlike most non-Apple chargers. I will definitely buy again when the need arises.
R1VP7U648FTZL1	5	Great Value to Protect Your Phone Excellent value and provides a lot of protection for the phone.
R3BXLV5QXAGDZ5	4	It is protective. Not the highest quality! It is protective.  Not the highest quality!
R1T9UWX83G36GD	5	... the same case for my note 3 and still love it. as a now iphone user I was ... had the same case for my note 3 and still love it. as a now iphone user I was so worried about it breaking yet the day I put the case on I dropped it yet nothing happened. couldnt be happier with the purchase
RJ2G638DTG59R	2	Item is not as described Item has a weird black border and is not very appealing
R3JZK0JJPZVU0A	5	Five Stars Great fit and not bulky. Great protection.
R2T1IP97OG9APZ	1	One Star Makes a buzzing noise on a call.
R1ZV1W0JQPSJMD	2	Flimsy, Mickey Mouse, will not last I bought this about a year ago. I was initially reluctant to keep it as it seemed Mickey Mouse and fragile. But, what the hell. This was not a cheap holder in terms of price. Well yesterday my initial impression was verified. While driving along the flimsy right phone holder arm broke. I did not even hit a bump. Just driving along and suddenly my phone is in the floor. Evidently the only way this will perform is as a subscription product where you buy a replacement on an annual basis. Don't buy.
R2ZWFJ53SIUB99	5	fantastic! only the car charger is a little slow ... for the price, fantastic! only the car charger is a little slow charger not like the original wall charger.
RESKDYIZS3ZOU	5	Five Stars Ok
R3LJHW4OHIIFWC	3	Not worth it if you don't have an USB adapter Not working USB ports on my Mac at all times. Does work when plugged in with the wall adapter from Apple.
RVE5YOYOERMWU	5	Five Stars Very good selelr.
R17F88SLCGAR9Y	5	Five Stars I love it
REEHWIHUHET73	5	Five Stars excellent! Thank you
R2LSDICRY3WRZ7	5	I recommend this product to everyone with a car and a ... This item is a battery saver if I'm in the car. For my apartment I have a 12v DC power supply with a cigarette lighter plug so I can continue to use the radio without worrying about running low on battery power. I have purchased  3 UV-82 radios and so I'll be buying a few more of these Eliminators. I recommend this product to everyone with a car and a UV-82.
R3LQTQAIOXIQHY	3	Good Idea, but have not been able to get it to stay up Purchased because of recommendation from a friend. Does not stick very well to windshield.
R1ZAVSGR3F1W60	5	Works great in the car I was looking for a duel charger and came across this item. Works great in the car, just as advertised. Would especially recommend for the price point.
R2JAMH4IGQ1Z1X	4	Worth the purchase Just what I wanted. Works well. Great for my walks or when you need hands free.
R12ACCWQ0WW4SJ	3	Only one issue Sturdy case and not as bulky as others that provide equal protection only reason i gave it 3 stars instead of 5 is that i can't leave the case on because the aux cable that i use to plug it into my car won't fit with the case on neither will most of my chargers.  I need to remove the case to plug anything into it which defeats the purpose if half the time i can't keep the case on
R1ZWONGD5EK85D	2	But the phone hasn't even been announced yet? I am confused. The next model iPhone has not even been released yet. How can this product already have reviews rating it 5 out of 5 stars? Bit suspicious if you ask me...
RILQEPY9BT0YR	5	Five Stars You get what you pay for
R1DDESMNXX2VS8	5	Five Stars excellent product!
R2SMX3MS60D8HV	5	For the price this is a great product. It's sturdy and easy to use For the price this is a great product. It's sturdy and easy to use. Nice silicone linig and can still put in headphones without any obstruction. Some are too bulky and u can stick the phone jack in completely. Great product!
RB76RWWSLORK4	5	Toddler approved! Every now and then I let my son help me test products. This was definitely a fun one! I hooked my phone 6 to this selfie stick within a few seconds. You rest your phone on the bottom part of the cell phone holder and pull the top part up using the tap. Once my cell phone fell into the holder I let the tab rest against my phone. Plug it in and you're all ready to go. After letting my almost 2 year old run around with this selfie stick for half an hour, I can promise you two things: your phone does not fall out and this selfie stick is durable as all get out! Another cool feature I found was you can take videos by pushing the button once to begin filming and a second time to turn it off. This really is great for parties and the photos are HILARIOUSLY from a toddlers point of view. I received this selfie stick at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
R3EXFQ0RL27J27	5	Great case don't be misled by some of the negative reviews I had read other reviews about this product.  Since I read the negative reviews as well as the positive I was concerned that the case would not fit well or protect the phone.  Nothing could be farther from the truth.  The case is extremely well engineered and fits perfectly and should provide excellent protection.
RZ5IXS9HNEIWD	5	I love it. It looks professional and very well made I love it.  It looks professional and very well made.  I dropped my phone several times and watched it bounce with no problems.
R2B3P5VC310NQB	3	Nice phone tattoo Nice phone tattoo, but absolutely NO protection!  Of course, I dropped my phone and cracked the screen within a month.  Bleh.  Why can't we have beauty and functionality?
R9FA4RQHAJYL8	4	Great quality. The only reason I didn't give it ... Great quality.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because you cannot use the case as a stand like many other similar wallet styles.
R35YW956PDEOY8	5	Sensitivity is an issue Product fits the screen well and looks great. I had an issue with a crack in the screen, but they replaced it immediately for me, and were very nice.
R3M6JES55R6MDE	4	Perfect! Works great. Cord is long enough which is awesome.
R1RCIF2EZNMTND	4	The product arrived on time and appears to be the ... The product arrived on time and appears to be the item pictured. It claims to be oleophobic but after only 3 days I already have finger oil stains that will not rub out. That being said, the protector seems to be serving its purpose; I have already dropped the phone once face down from waist height and there was no visible damage. I think a little oil glare is worth the protection factor.
RG3E99K18AK9E	5	Quit wasting your $$ on chargers that don't charge your devices!BUY THIS CHARGER. You'll thank me later. This is my review of the Omaker Intelligent 6.6A / 33W Premium Aluminum 3 USB Car Charger With Smart Sharing IC for Each USB Port. Finally! A cigarette lighter USB charger that will fully charge my iPhone 6 AND my MP3 player at the same time! I've wasted $$ trying the ones in the stores and they would charge my phone but NOT my MP3 player (Zune) which requires more power to charge it. Thank God I found this charger. I even have a spare USB port available to charge another device if needed. Do yourself a favor and buy this charger. You'll be very happy with it.
R1RVMYADOLUJ9G	5	Great product. This 6-port USB power outlet solved our dilema of too many devices; not enough outlets.  Perfect for the family room.  We have had four phones and two tablets plugged in at once, and the charger performed flawlessly.
R10S9M76XL5K3A	5	I really like this charger set I really like this charger set. It is so nice to be able to plug in my phone and have enough cable to allow the phone to be used in back seat. The charge seems to go quickly, it charges even with navigation on. I have not used it for data transfer but am impressed with all other aspects. I was offered a discount in exchange for my honest review.
R13MEHESHK6LNU	5	Five Stars Love it
R5S3M83SN5SZP	5	Works better on iPhone. Works well with iPhone.  Will not charge iPad Air 2 since it is not an Apple certified product.
R2M3W4TLSBQOAN	1	when you use it the phone have different sound I ... when you use it the phone have different sound I had to replace my phone from att then I use the case again so the problem is from the case
R3DWBHVJNLUFO9	5	Great phone mount for the price. This is a great phone mount for road bike. I researched many options, and I really appreciate the flexibility of phone size. I have an iPhone 5s in an otter box case. It locks in with no problems.
RCCYZS7A3P3E6	5	Great to have in the car, handles tablet and phone simultaneously, decent quality. Just a great thing to have in the car.  Charges a tablet and phone simultaneously while you are driving, seems like decent quality.
R160M6DWTUEZ42	1	One Star Not sure on it .
R2JVQO2J4DH463	3	Could have been made better Didn't hold a charge for very long. You'd have to charge the unit then charge your phone.... Might as well charge your phone.
R29I3UM65OAM9C	4	So far I really like this case for the money So far I really like this case for the money.  I actually dropped my phone and the case did protect it.
R3A09DKRZ1SW33	4	Four Stars fits well but not snug like I wish it did. Love the colors and look tho!
R1MKYH0F81SNZT	5	very good price, received in no time Exactly the product I wanted, very good price, received in no time. In fact, I ordered two more.
R3ANFD89HDG9RP	5	Five Stars Very Chic
R3GF88JYNNGG7W	5	I love my Aapporto Bag I love my Aapporto Bag!  I use it for dog walking.  It holds everything I need.  ID, credit cards, Note 4 and a few other small items.  It even has room in the back compartment for a small note pad and pen. The quality and construction are good and best of all it fits a 4'10 shetland pony like me, cross body style!  Fortunately it's adjustable for taller folks.  The customer service is excellent too.  Robyn from Aapporto recently sent me an email detailing how to clean the bag of dog hair and lint both of which I have an abundance of.  I do agree with a previous customer who said he would like to see Aapporto make this in a brown waxed canvas style.  If they could do that and keep it in a reasonable price point, I'm sure they could give the Quill and Pad people a definite run for the money.
R2N95DFHJ6362Q	5	Nice Good fit
RBWPU8NISD1HQ	5	This was a great solution to fixing a cracked screen This was a great solution to fixing a cracked screen.  Everything went smooth. I would recommend and buy this again, if need be.
R3TPXMEYIKMEKZ	3	Suction for window no longer sticks. Has fallen a ... Suction for window no longer sticks. Has fallen a couple of times while driving. No longer using this due to safety concerns.
R2T623DYFRQ86R	5	very protective case This is a very functional phone cover. I love the flip cover function of it for protecting your screen. I live the simple white cover to it and that the back is clear showing through it the phone itself. The phone stays put in place nicely The port cutout in the bottom is almost the entire length of the phone so you don't have to worry about chargers not fitting into it while your phone cover is on. I will be using this case for going out to make sure my phone is protected while in my wristlets as it gets hit against things and I like the extra protecting for my screen. I did receive this item at a discount in exchange for my honest review. That in no way swayed my opinion of this product.
RKVI8YPFJ6TCJ	5	Five Stars All is good with new case and price was excellent.
R3T2WVYXP87C10	4	Four Stars Nice!
R2AEMZYKKIZ36V	1	One Star I didn't like it at all. Worst of all, i cant return it.
R1HDFVX0WVHKTL	5	Five Stars very useful
R34LR93W6KNKK6	5	awesome! Great phone! Replaced my 4.0
R127ISI1T66O3I	5	Very good. All smiles! Click! Thank you for such a well functional product. Meets all the expectations! Simple,easy to use! Well put together. Really nice. Will highly recommend it to others! Good work, good product, great service!!! Thanks again!
R161L266LWPPZV	5	Five Stars It fits came in great packaging
RD1T3NABQFXVK	5	Works fine Great
R254510K6GSH3M	4	Great Case This is basically my go-to-case when I am doing things outside or the possibility of dropping it a lot. I love the pink and white, something different than most otter boxes. It is very durable, there are some spaces in between the rubber case and hard case, but I am not too picky. It would look nicer if the fit was better, but it protects my phone and that's what it was made for!
R3SKJJT0LKU9MN	5	Fits like a glove Fits like a glove. Spigen always a great product.  Enhances the beauty of the Samsung s6 edge plus.  Barely adds any addition weight to the phone.  I loved It!
R2S52CDY80E13Z	5	Worked Great I don't have an iPhone so I didn't know if it would work or not. I bought for my sister who was visiting and forgot her iPhone charger. It worked just great. Now that she is home, she is happy to have a spare.
R3PXQ66IKG3UEJ	4	I am satisfied with the item for the amount of money I ... Have had this product for a few days now. It came on time and it plugs into my ihome perfectly. It charges my phone and let's me play music. Although my phone gave me a notification that the device was not recognized, it still works perfectly. I am satisfied with the item for the amount of money I paid (:
R2CE27YU85C3EL	4	The case fits perfect love the red to match all my other red ... The case fits perfect love the red to match all my other red stuff. It feels sturdy and does a good job of still letting you take advantage of the edge
R23HO2ULX9A246	1	Not Worth the Price The closure tab became frayed two and half months after purchase.
R1ATGCMKX3ZDJO	5	Love it! I can't live without this battery case!
RHHPKNM79RPFW	3	Glass looks perfect but did not get the adhesive Glass looks perfect but did not get the adhesive.  Contacted seller to try to get it.  Will update when i have resolution either way.
R1XNUVIKHRQ8CE	4	Four Stars I do not like that there is no place to keep the stylus.
RJ2E94FHNKST7	4	Four Stars Doesn't quite fit with my case
R3KDVO6Q1PY3RV	1	One Star Does not work on all model Toyota trucks.
R37J5YGU4Y9LVR	5	I love it I just wish there was a opening so ... I love it I just wish there was a opening so I can charge my phone with it close
R1HQEI6BP2ZP33	5	Great product, would buy another one. Very nice looking case, seems sturdy good for drops. A little bit hard to put on but that's not all bad, means it won't just fall apart if the phone is dropped or picked up by a 2yr old!! Fits perfectly and feels comfortable. Only bad thing is, the bittons like on/off or volume are a little hard to press. Which they fixed that and make it more like the otterbox. Overall there's nothing that would really deter me from buying another case. Possibly a white one. Bad part....Shipping took a while,  i don't know if that's an amazon issue but ebay definitely has faster free shipping.
RR87Q6QULX0CZ	5	Five Stars excelent
REJUH5PIVW2OV	2	it is very cute but I would not buy again ... it is very cute but I would not buy again. Started falling apart as soon as we started using it.
R3M1KS7NUXKW3D	1	I tried it guys.. So after a misunderstanding on the package i received, and the fast response from the sellers customer service dpt.. i tried the screen protector. There are a few things wrong with the product i received.. 1... the glass doesnt fully cover the screen part of my phone. I understand that it isnt supposed to go to the very edge of the phone, but this doesnt FULLY cover the actual screen. There is about 3/4 millimeters where i can see the original screen. 2... the adhesive doesnt fully adhere all the way to the edge of the screen protector.. there is like a halo around the tempered glass...  If this changes after a day or so, i will update my review on this part. 3.. It is kinda sticky to the touch. Not smooth like your screen is without the protector. I do have to say the Customer Service department was very fast to reply to my concerns, and they did everything they could to help me out. Sorry guys, i tried it and this is my honest opinion. I have had better tempered glass protectors..
RMT991RDXDUZE	5	Five Stars Real deal. Charges very quickly.
R22GQ730HHHIXT	3	Three Stars I use these all the time, though I have trouble pairing them each time a get a new phone.
R1LOT6MGMC1B79	4	Very good. Of the portable speakers I've tried, this one has the best bass reflex. That is to say, it has the most BALANCED sound - it will vibrate a bit on the table, but will neither rattle things nor emit super-high frequencies that distress your pets. You hear a nice full-ranged sound without too much emphasis on the midrange. It's good enough that I use two daisy-chained ones as the primary stereo sound source for my PSP and several other portable game consoles. It holds a charge for a long time, in or out of use. Even if you don't use it for a month, you can plug it in and it's good to go. One of the best. Better versions may have come out since, but if I ever want another portable speaker, it will probably be the one on this page. It just WORKS and its charging cable, unlike most other speakers', has an inline audio jack. I recommend this portable speaker for indoor/porch/patio. It probably won't hack it at the beach or a party unless it's a quieter day or you have several connected to a LOUD audio source. I've driven it until it clips, though, and it's a musical clipping (sounds good, like old tape, instead of harsh like digital noise).
R29HOJ85NQHTCM	5	Five Stars Great product
R3PRVZ4O11XM6I	1	One Star Did not work for calls. Wish i had not brought from them
R3R4NL08NTAI64	4	Great Improvement Magpul really came through with this one!  The dual durometer material is the product improvement I would of asked for too!
R3JTNK20SPIIHS	5	An Exceptional Product For The Price After having bought and used many different ear buds through the years, these are the best I've found for the money. I've had one set for well over a year and they still work perfectly with great sound. I recently bought another set as a backup. I highly recommend these at the under or near $10 price I paid.
R1BHJ4S8RQO0LR	2	it's a good light thin flexible protective case Despite using soap water and window glass cleaner several times, it carries a hazy streaks, blotches . Never looks &#34;crystal clean&#34;; not even for a minute. Otherwise, it's a good  light thin flexible protective case.
R25YVVYLI2NCIZ	2	Two Stars Held up for approx 4 months but with normal use holster clip snapped and case broke as well.
RYSK3BPEXP5XE	5	Five Stars Works great. Very accurate product description.
R1N6G8A6YZ3NXL	4	Great Product! I installed my car mount and so far so good! It tends to wobble and twist on a robust pothole or bump but that's a minor inconvenience that I'll get over but the grip itself is very good. I watched the how to video and it was self explanatory and very easy to install. I use it on my Galaxy Note 5 which has a case on it making it a bit thicker and it fits great! I like that I can either clip it to the vent or stick it to the windshield, it's very versatile and easy to switch out.
R3OZFYSFY6VAU8	5	Five Stars Works great every time.
R3GC10I3KV6ERT	5	Fast Shipper! It arrived quickly, as expected and was exactly what we were needing.
RVF3970N49B9I	5	Five Stars Great product
R2Y01STVS6X5CU	5	Five Stars Loved it!
R39DUUV0CIHIZT	3	Satisfied The product is decent quality and does the job very well. The guide helps to apply the screen protector with ease.
RQ0DUQTSS1NBL	3	I was unhappy with this product. The back is ... I was unhappy with this product. The back is made from a very cheap plastic and started to loose color very quick. The phone just didn't feel protected with this case.
R2DZV3N9MR95VP	3	I will not fit if you have an Otter box ... I will not fit if you have an Otter box case the plastic part is too wide and it will not insert.
RQ530IDQXZB9P	4	Four Stars Slow shipping but overall good product!
R8GBOKVUEVG1D	4	Four Stars Great battery for the price
RTJ0KVQS3LHG8	5	There are no deleterious effects from the screen protector This works very well.  I installed it following the directions put the case back on, and I have had a clear screen ever since.  The screen protector is invisible and not discernible to the eye.  The only difference that I have detected is that my fingerprint substitute for the passcode to activate my phone now is much more consistent in its effectiveness since I installed the screen protector; but I can see no understandable reason why this should be a cause and effect relationship.
R3A0VWNJ0HDP68	5	Perfect for me These headphones are great. I've owned a pair for about 3 years and loved them so much that I just ordered another once those kicked the bucket.  Not the best sound, but you can wear them in the car and still hear all the road noise.  That's a selling point for me.
R281K1KCKMBSZA	5	Five Stars Love it. Good quality
R1T8U22K855AMW	3	I bought this case because of the awesome reviews and it did protect my iPhone 6 plus ... I bought this case because of the awesome reviews and it did protect my iPhone 6 plus like it's supposed to but it was irritating that using the touchscreen was very difficult. It was annoying that I had to literally pound on my phone in order to end a phone call. I took the case off a few times and re-positioned it to see if I might have put it on wrong, even had my husband put the case on to make sure we had a good fit but it still didn't work. I'm not going to use it anymore and just find a different case. Disappointing too b/c the price was great.
R2J2C0EGJXQ684	5	highly recommend! good battery life and powerful little speaker. holds to my shower well, will not hold on the tile in my shower but on the glass. another good product from NOOT!
R285O1625G31CZ	3	Does not cover all of the cases. The device by itself is fine but it does not hold a Galaxy Note 4 (as specified) with an Otter Box case. does the manufacturer think that you wont use a case? It would possibly fit a smaller case but to me its useless. I could pull the outside case off 2 times a day but that's crazy. I will give it to my girlfriend so not a total lost cause.
RBZVLY8FEZ6PU	4	Four Stars nice!
R2926VD96N9DCV	1	pure & utter POS! pure crap!  Always remember, you get what you pay for.  Item didn't work out of the package.
RJOXVNG2A4FXT	5	One Word...Great! What you see is what you get.  Three excellent USB to charge any apple device.  I used one for myself and then the other two will be given to coworkers of mine.  The length of the cord is perfect and is exactly like the one that is given to you when you first buy and iPhone.  This is perfect to keep in the car or to have an extra around the house. Definitely worth the purchase!!  I reviewed this item in return for writing a review,
R3JJM75EI0F7WN	5	Probably the best kit for the money Probably the best kit for the money. I am 100% satisfied.  Even the place that installed the kit was impressed for what was paid. Always go with oxygen free.
R2OATTQHQCN58W	5	Great Phone Case The case arrived 12 days earlier then it said it would. I love this case. It fits my phone perfectly and it doesn't block any of the ports. The case is made of a hard plastic, and a soft touch hard plastic on the lighter color so I suspect that even if you drop it your phone won't get damaged. It also came with a tool to open the case and a stylus,  which I wasn't aware of. I tried to pry open the case after it was on around my phone, but it was pretty difficult (this could be a good thing).
R5GK3MZ97RLQE	2	Not perfect On and off key can't be operative after using this cover.
R1BYA8RY8TOM7S	2	It's already cracked within the first few months. I've ... It's already cracked within the first few months. I've never had a screen crack with or without a protector, and my phone hasn't gone through any more damage than usual. I think this protector might be a little too rigid and that may be why, but I wouldn't order this again.
R27J7M426G1DAD	5	They were so good about it that I wouldn't hesitate to order from ... Ordered the wrong case and Gambolex sent me the right one for no extra charge. They were so good about it that I wouldn't hesitate to order from them again and again in the future. The new case fits my tablet perfectly and looks great. I highly recommend this product!
R2UIAY3WK3NQT1	4	Great!! working without major problems Great !! working without major problems !!
R2LPQFUBD5HVAX	5	Five Stars So beautifully and conforme
RUPIW00GX8HMU	5	Five Stars I need to send back glass screen protectors
RLU73VM0QGSDK	4	So far so good, it seems to be working for my daughter ... So far so good, it seems to be working for my daughter and she has nothing negative to say, actually compaired to the unit she had before it charges her kindle much faster.
R1YC6DRX7BPFAO	4	This case is good for what it is This case is good for what it is. It doesn't make the phone bulky like some other cases. Just a heads up that there isn't anything to cover the screen itself with this case.
R3RBYNJ0143EDT	4	Nice, compact unit that does the job! Excellent small unit that pretty much works as described.  I say &#34;pretty much&#34; only because I had read some reviews that indicated some issues with continuous charging.  I did experience this once, but am not sure that the unit was to blame.  I was charging a cell phone and a smart watch (with wireless charging) over night while on vacation and, one morning, woke up to find neither the watch or the phone charged, and the unit was not working.  I unplugged it and then plugged it right back in the same outlet, and it proceeded to charge fine that morning and then the remaining times I used it.  So, since house I was in was brand new, and since there were no clocks in the room that would be blinking in the event of an electrical outage, I really cannot be sure it was the iClever device.  As a result, I am giving iClever the benefit of the doubt, but giving it 4 stars and not 5.  If I determine that there are any issues, I will update my review.
R2EHTTC7H6ZFRS	5	simpler once i worked out that you have to switch the wireless charging on and off I am a pretty big power user of my cellphone and it barely lasts a full day even though it is pretty new (Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge), I love my phones ability to charge wirelessly and thought it was about time I got a new battery pack to charge it when i travel without having to have cumbersome cables in my pockets etc.. so I bought one of these. First of all WOW makes life much simpler once i worked out that you have to switch the wireless charging on and off :) (light RED led on, wireless charging on )  For a device with 10000mAh it is pretty compact in size and is constructed to a similar standard to most cellphones in that it may or may not survive being dropped on concrete but I am not going to test the theory.  Also, using the accompanying cable allows me to quick charge (at 2.1Amps) 2 other devices that use either Apple port or USB. This worked great on a long flight when I had forgotten to charge my iPad.  Basically this works great!
R1JSU2KV5WIW0A	3	Not global 4G The description is messy and doesn't state that 4G is different from country to country. This phone is not for European market cause most of the Europe works at bands 3, 7, 20, which this phone misses. The description looks like there should be no difference though should have mentioned it.
R29KIC5MT6YTYG	4	Language issue I am giving these a 4 star rating because all of my other wireless Bluetooth headphones never stay in my ears when I'm working out but these do! I love the color too! My only complaint is that my particular headphones are in Japanese or Chinese (sorry I'm not sure which one). I also received an instruction manual for a different version of the PECHAM Bluetooth headphones. See pic.
R30DYHJHVYGUV	5	LOVE i love this case so much. I've always bought dandy classes for my iPhone 5 this is my first one for my iPhone 6 plus and it's the prettiest one by far!!! I loveeee this cases!! Great buy I highly recommend them to anyone and everyone
R6YK8GKQEJ5L1	5	Buy this now! One of the best cases I've abused yet. The aluminum alloy bumper gives it a great unique look and is solid impact absorption. I've dropped twice right on the corner, once getting out of the car with it on my lap, another time it was slapped out of my hand into the sidewalk by a drunken friend. Both times the frame bent and warped a little but the phone is still pristine, not even a smudge thanks to the rubber case that goes under the bumper.  The rubber case is amazing too, it sticks out a tiny bit on the front, so if you're like me and like to rest your phone face down, it will never touch the screen on an even surface. Backside has a nice pattern and provides solid grip.  The charge port and headset port give ample room for non Apple connectors that might not be a petite.  Can't go wrong with one!
R3I5REL7EJ53NC	5	I'm very pleased with this screen protector Smudge proof. I haven't had a single problem. I can't see scratches either. I'm very pleased with this screen protector.
R35QG7HFH49HGB	5	Five Stars Good
R1N2S19S9QUSW5	4	Great screen protector Great screen protector. It comes with everything you need for installation, which is pretty simple. Though, there were a few air bubbles that were somewhat difficult to remove, but we got most of them. And there  was no debris stuck underneath.  The screen protector fits well and lines up well, but it doesn't quite reach the edges. That's really the only thing I didn't like about the protector. There is too much unprotected space on the edges. Though my case does cover a good amount of that space.The best thing is the anti-shatter film and the coating really does prevent finger prints. I received this product at a discount in exchange for my unbiased review.
R3055R6QDKRN7	5	Pretty and practical Nice cover and it can hold a couple credit cards. I have received several compliments on this cover.
R39PUYZD6374UZ	4	Four Stars Awesome
R5ARWMM90MS33	5	The best case I have ever seen..... This is the best TPU case I have even seen.  Very good quality.  The fit is awesome.  Very tight and sturdy.  The bumps for power/volume has bit different texture which is super nice.  The color is vibrant and really nice.  Makes my whilte colored phone look super good.  I highly recommend this case.  Just really nice.
R1NRNY3UPMZUVS	1	Not Good For Listening to Music This case does not allow one to listen to headphones while it is clipped to your belt. you have to leave the flap open. I do not recommend.
RFGNFBA37TJ5A	5	Awesome! Sorry for the late review. I just figured out how to use this phone. Thank u for the speedy delivery and the awesome phone case!
R3RLRMORVCG6BR	5	Five Stars great
RGOVUBGD8UWYC	4	Four Stars Got this for my boyfriend and he loves it, Hold credit cards and his ID.
RDQZFBOLIO2QR	2	Two Stars not what I was looking for
RG47XIWJGK3NY	5	very nice very protective, feels great, just a little bit heavy. very well made.
R1JQSEKVZPHGT5	5	Cheaper than Apple, but work just as good. I started having issues with cheaper lightning cables not charging my iPhone 5S, or my wife's iPhone 6.  So I tried the Apple MFi Certified ones.  So far they are working great!
RJRKX2OOVPFOY	1	Took it on a road trip in the middle of ... Took it on a road trip in the middle of the summer and I guess the heat was too much for the plastic so it broke and fell right off my windshield while I was driving. Only used it 3 times before it broke.
R3CHJMHQJ95FHU	4	Great protection; a challenge to slide open in hot weather Solid construction. Had a problem sliding the case open to use the phone in hot weather - very difficult to slide. As a result, I purchased another case of a different type.
R3GO4GU558N9ZC	5	So far it is looking great. Fits my tablet good and helps me hold ... So far it is looking great. Fits my tablet good and helps me hold on to it. Very thin so keeps tablet feeling thin and light. Would buy another cover in a different color if I ever want to have a change.
R13EVOLCW2U20B	4	Four Stars Excellent product!
R1ZHPD6D3M976Q	5	this waz an good order works good
R3SW759FCC2O88	4	I have really liked this case I have really liked this case. I love not having to carry a wallet and my phone. I wish it could hold more cards. I tried to put a few more in and it pushed too hard on the screen. You definitely have to keep it to a minimum. I read a lot of reviews saying it seemed cheap, but I thought it was pretty nice. I am kind of hard on phones and my kids like to use them too and this has held up great for me. I have had it for a while and I have had nothing fall apart or break.  I can access all of the buttons easily. I have dropped my phone a few times and it seemed to have protected it pretty well....no cracked screens yet.
RIN1JXKG43LKJ	5	Five Stars easy to use and worth the price
R14ONE1UZUQLEY	2	Two Stars 2 big 4 my 15 in box
R3LN615VISKTW7	5	Honestly don't get why everyone is saying it does t ... Honestly don't get why everyone is saying it does t work. I had someone who knows what they are doing repair mine and it was just fine
R23LBE16QJNQLU	4	Almost Perfect The reasons I didn't give them 5 stars is that I would like to see smaller buds or wrap around ear hooks.
R3JCH6PW1H03BZ	5	Worked perfectly Worked perfectly
RE8C506CYTG6L	1	Don't waste your money! Was nothing like the description.  The strap was extremely long-must be for a six+ person.  Won't be using it.  Very disappointed.
R240HS8DOS8YIT	1	GARBAGE . SAVE YOUR MONEY I'm just giving it one star for the COLOR .. I dropped my phone ONCE and the case cracked in three places and it wasn't even a deep fall .. not even a 2ft jump .. I literally just had my phone case for three days and it's already broken ..
R30FUG5J2OCS4P	4	Four Stars Love the case. Very protective
R1RQO9H7S6T5SE	4	Four Stars I really like this style case.
R1Q6GCOD0REG13	5	Not literally an ice breaker I've gotten lots of compliments on it and it fits nicely. I'm obsessed with Dalí and it makes a good ice breaker.
R23AE3LU4YLLXX	1	One Star Broke the very first day of normal use.  The suction cup completely broke off the body.  Very poorly made.
R10MRPEI7EO0TU	4	Four Stars excellent
RO3QMUGR8D2SE	4	it has a hard time understanding voice commands so I ... it has a hard time understanding voice commands so I always type in address I want. Other than that works good
R2YB8954D4KVKA	2	Pay less get less Not completely happy with the merchandise. The size is suppose to be for my phone, but it's off on the side and bottom. I need to change the one that I put on my phone because of the film build up and I just purchased them..
R7AXKMXG3JTZR	5	Five Stars good product
R3R9GC9C8JQYOW	5	Five Stars Well Working
R3RL222JSINNOL	1	FALSE ADVERSTISING Cheap Case Just A Sticker Printed On Nothing Like A Sole Very Upset Waited 3 Weeks For This Garbage
RPBKB88MOB7IA	5	Sleek and powerful. Sleek and beautifully designed. I'm traveling overseas and want to bring along extra charge power. I've charged it, but not yet used it to charge my phone.
R3J0ZIVXR6C6Q8	5	Good price for a great product Good price for a great product. On a partially sunny day this panel charged my Galaxy S5 from 25% to 60% in less than 2 hours. I will be getting another for my bug out bag.
R3MI4H17MDXBHP	2	I'm pretty disappointed with this case especially for the price I ... Honestly, I'm pretty disappointed with this case especially for the price I paid for it (around $20 including the shipping costs). It looked really nice to begin with and then started peeling and scratching within a few weeks and the thin plastic near the volume buttons cracked off. I've had cheaper cases that lasted far longer
R1Y5F8VCHCT7US	5	This was great. My husband needed smooth case for ease of slipping the phone in and out of his pocket.  This was great.
R1T9QTAXWWHZWX	5	Five Stars High quality, smudge resistant & strong. Shipping was quick, too!
R8RK0Q1QFOEM2	5	Beautiful, clear and thin Love this case! I wanted a very thin case to protect my phone as well as let the beauty of my phone still show through. You can't really tell when this case is on, it's that thin. My phone has fallen 3-4 times tops, from maybe 4 feet high and not a single scratch on my phone. Gets no bubbles when on and helps resist finger marks.
R24WZHQCKIACFD	3	When I first received my GPS I was excited. ... When I first received my GPS I was excited.  Now not so much.  It is just not working well.  Having a hard time.
R3C705PDOBC8OB	5	Five Stars Great, Great, Great
RASVK7ZUUV2HG	4	Average seller, good product I bought this phone from &#34;232Tech&#34;, they get 4 stars because I order a &#34;Black&#34; model and instead, I got the &#34;White&#34; model.  So far, the product meets the expectation... a simple Android-based to keep Grandma in touch via Skype and WhatsApp.
R198BAGNAPUX9C	5	Five Stars Perfect love it
R69GLERNH732S	3	The sleep recorder is a bit erratic The emphasis is ... The sleep recorder is a bit erratic The emphasis is all on steps, at the expense of eg bicycle or kayak, without a proper conversion of effort, which should be the main feature, not just steps. Worth persevering with though
R3LAI1YTRUI6V2	5	Works This headset are great! I have been using them for a few days now and I am really liking it. The build quality is good, with the rubber being very durable which is hard to find these days. The sound isolation is great whether you're listening to music, or watching a movie on the plane. The microphone is not really up to par, as it doesnt sound the best, but I wouldn't hold it against this. With that being said, these aren't too expensive, so I would totaly recommend these to friends.
R2GI60RTIM5MH9	5	Five Stars Funky and good protection for the phone.
RGALTVDCZ6TWQ	4	Camera working after rewiring The camera is not working.  After installation, you can only see lines as picture attached. No option to contact seller after purchase.  Edited: Camera worked after connecting the power to the head unit.  Tail lights don't provide the full 12 volts and the camera needs 12 volts to work properly.
R1HRPGQDGHM4Z7	5	Greatly recommended. I haven't dropped my iPhone yet but my wife and I each bought one and we are very happy with the quality.
R2CGSQVZYC9VUH	5	Five Stars Very very very much satisfied.
R39UPSUUYV6E72	5	Feeling so fly like a G6! Get this case!!!! This is and will be the only case I put on my G6. I love this case its strong and sleek. I have dropped my phone 3 times since owning it and I have not noticed any cracks on my phone nor on the case! I got stickers and put one on each backing and switch them out each week. I love the gold, silver, and slate color. The phone fits perfect in all my pockets. Geez I can't say how awesome this case is!!!
R2YKPNAGRGN1BN	3	but not so great on hot days Functional enough to see the phone for Google Maps, but not so great on hot days. Great for keeping the phone cool, however not so great for driver and passengers. Didn't cool off the car fast enough, because it blocked of one a the middle air vents.
R22ZZYSI9MUDG8	4	Four Stars Look great but it easily gets scratch.
RJ36C3A3O6DMG	5	Great as expected They are great.  I now have a charger at work and a long enough one next to my bed.
RHG13XMWUWUJO	2	Cool Case is cool, but not great durablity. I haven't used it much, but it is nice for someone who would rarely use their phone and wanted a slim protective barrier.
R19XLBSCML7U1D	5	Five Stars EXCELENTE
R1KCQ210U4FIBU	5	I am always getting bored with my phone cases I am always getting bored with my phone cases, so I'm always trying new ones. This one caught my eye right away with it's bright green color (my favorite) and black trim. The black trim actually provides a nice gripping material to hold my phone. It was nicely packaged and very easy to put on my phone. It seems very sturdy as well, which is always a plus. It isn't very thick, so it does not add a lot of weight/thickness to my phone. Its bright color let's me easily find it in my huge purse, too! :) I would definitely buy again.  Disclaimer: I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased review. All comments and opinions are my own.
R1E2NPTNVQIFKR	5	works well Installed easy, and nice clarity. Very happy. Haven't had any drops on the phone yet to report how well it works.
RKSJDF4SXM6BP	5	Five Stars Very pleased with the battery.
R13UYBGOCW6OFH	5	Five Stars Everything ok
R1DHYHZYFHGKD2	4	James Bond wants one of these. Very cool and comfortable. Very discreet--the most visibly subtle Bluetooth headset I have seen--James Bond will be buying one of these. I can hear well, and the person I speak to also said they can hear me clearly. I just received it, so I will continue to test on more phone calls. I will update my review if anything changes.
R1BCQFATI0I2GE	5	Extra charging port for your car! It charged my Note and iPhone with no problem.  Great when you need an extra charging port in your car.  I received this sample in exchange for an unbiased review.
R3G0QP6ETJ3MRC	4	Four Stars good
R2OPA7MIEIFKPG	3	Three Stars Decent product.
RQQKQ92Q1RZ7D	1	a little over 4 months Received cable 4/15. A short time later the end piece had to placed in a specific way in order to charge my phone. Cable completely stopped working 8/30. cable looks nice and seems to be heavy duty but nah.
R2RJZGNYPVRWPQ	1	waste of money Broke down after a few weeks
R36QIKBFZVW0KC	5	Slim, sturdy and waterproof The LEVIN Waterproof case is exactly as depicted in the photos and described in the sales promo. It is sturdy, made of ultralight hard PC plastic and Glass Screen Protector that works flawlessly with iPhone 6 Touch ID. The case weighs 1.64 oz/ 47.5 grams and is 0.4&#34;/12mm thick. The granular surface is slip-proof. All ports, buttons and controls align perfectly and are accessible. Package contains the case, an audio extension cable, a microfiber tissue and user manual. Setup is easy and intuitive.  I tested the case by placing tissue paper inside it and fully immersed it overnight in a sink full of water. The results confirmed that the LEVIN case is indeed waterproof, there were no leaks, and all tissue contents were dry. Charger port only fits the original Apple jack. The audio port requires an extension (provided). With the phone inside the case, sound quality is excellent. No damping or muffling.  I took my iPhone 6 (inside the case) with me on a boat ride this weekend and, for the first time, did not need to put it in a cumbersome plastic locking &#34;waterproof &#34; through which one cannot dial, answer a call or take a picture - all of which I was able to do easily with the LEVIN Waterproof case. I really like it and shall keep my phone well protected inside this case.  I received a coupon to purchase this item, but with no obligation to write a review. This is not a barter deal. I have no financial or personal connection with the manufacturer, seller or their employees.
R1WAWBP0L2842Z	5	Five Stars Best cell phone case.  Only improvement I would like is a latch so you could lock the phone int.
R3FLHBISS1524Z	4	Four Stars The case works fine and seems to be very durable
RGRXCUMTLYAR6	5	Short and sweet. Not much to say.  It's a 12-inch SAE to USB cord so you can charge devices with a USB cord.
R2PCWU5RSIFPUS	3	Almost perfect It works fine but one of the orange/red plastic holders keeps fallig off
R369G2TODWBEAN	1	One Star horrible quality, very disappointed in this. Donated to good will
R74CO3OJNXW4D	5	Five Stars Very good
R3MN05X8RXZDK3	5	Excellent Camera The Camera works great! The cameraI was shipped on time. I love this camera and I also love the price!
R395PU6KFPD2NG	3	Short To short ground wire
R1Q4IKDO0QMFLE	4	Phone attaches quickly and easily and feels secure Received this as a gift.  Phone attaches quickly and easily and feels secure. Only complaint is the telescoping pole is pretty stiff and takes muscle to push in and pull out.
R1DXS7F7CNA61O	5	Great Case for the Price! I LOVE this case! It is not bulky like other cases, so you can still show off the thin-ness and beauty of your phone while protecting it at the same time. What I love most is the kick-stand on the back. It makes for easy propping of my phone when my daughter is using it to watch a video. While this case IS NOT waterproof, it is shockproof, so if you drop your phone from average heights, the case absorbs the impact pretty well. This case fits on perfectly with my current screen protector as well, so that is always a plus! I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
RAPL68DX3MUTZ	1	One Star A worst product, poor sound quality, the Bluetooth is not supported with many devices. I returned it.
R2TCRGNO41SX3K	5	The case is very sturdy, and all the ports and buttons align and ... Recieved in turn for an honest reveiw. The case is very sturdy, and all the ports and buttons align and work very well. I love the fact that the covers for the charger port, aux port and the silence button on the side fit very nicely and do not come loose.  Only thing that I notice which is not to big of a deal for me is the screen protector that is attached to the case. My screen protector shows like an oily pattern when the screen is off. Slightly visible when screen is on low brightness.
R3OIYWKGM1OTU8	5	Five Stars Good
R395UJHJY2LK4V	5	Five Stars Great product....love it & arrived much sooner than stated......
R2FW5GUL3AQBW2	5	Was looking for bluetooth sport headphones... considered ... Was looking for bluetooth sport headphones...considered beats but didn't want to pay the price. Saw these and the reviews and I was sold. These were a steal a $18!! Ended up ordering some for my wife and a co-worker
R1W7QRDJOR6HG6	3	Three Stars Micro USB ends die quick.  Not much use out of them before they bend. 3 stars for price
R1STULM112U1M0	5	Fast delivery... just as described. Fast delivery...just as described.
R1YKXWRJVC9SQG	5	Five Stars Excellent product
RTA25MYI5SFHV	1	Pretty much of the time It takes you the long way around. Pretty much of the time.... I'd wouldn't sell it to my worst enemy!
RW22MAHDSPQO	4	Very nice case, but clasp magnetic not strong enough to ... Very nice case, but clasp magnetic not strong enough to handle my cc additive and money.  Had to return, but sorry to have to do so.
R3GZCXEMYTJT4Y	5	Five Stars Nice screen protector.
R3T1CCIZNGGE0L	5	Five Stars GOOD STUFF
R2ZDD7QJF59NY4	4	Sound and mic work great, needed to add my own earpiece to work for me The sound is great, and I don't get any complaints from the person on the other end. The earpiece that came with it didn't fit my ear well and I couldn't hear with it, so I used a yurbud piece to put over it instead. Now it's perfect for me! I like how easy it is to use, and the battery life seems to last for a while. Great headset!
R3PP7M39QCP1DI	5	Five Stars Easy to use.
R3QBX73GDCN4AY	4	Four Stars Worked to my expectations.
R1F5B2C8AA18HK	3	In general it is a good case. However within the two days of use ... In general it is a good case. However within the two days of use the red polka dot color began to come off from the strap. All other designs are still in prestine condition.
R1AI88YGLBO6PV	1	no protection The glass bubbled between both of the iphones and screen. We were not able to seal it or reset the glass.
R1PDB1QVMN135C	5	This is a great case. I love that it is fully enclosed ... This is a great case.  I love that it is fully enclosed with a built-in screen protector.  No problems with tactile sensitivity or anything else on the screen after almost 2 months of using it.  Protects really well and is a very nice looking case.
R1MKIKQJVID04C	5	An Excellent protective case for iPhone that doesn't cost a fortunre I had begun dropping my iPhone more regularly lately and was looking for a more sturdy case, but I didn't want something too overwhelming.  The i-Blason case fits my needs perfectly. It is reasonably priced, goes on very snugly and doesn't interfere with my use of the phone.  I would strongly recommend it.
R1ML9PFCO6CP5Y	5	Five Stars Compact size and work well. Also, shipping was very fast.
REPHHMN6ZNIH1	5	Its pretty easy to assemble and works well as expected Its pretty easy to assemble and works well as expected. There's nothing much that can go wrong when its just cardboard.Compare with Oculus. Its economical, mobile and works. There might be implications for cost effective VR uses in education as well as showing a mock up of a 3D model to a client without using bulky equipment.
RKEYVHH4RIL09	1	... synch with the car DVD but the volume was terrible!! They were able to synch with the car DVD but the volume was terrible!!
R27659T9HAICVW	5	Good buy works well, unfortunately my ears are too small for it, but it does work.
R1Q4MND5ZISAPF	5	Five Stars Excellent product!!!
R3L3R3I17VFU4O	4	The sound is good, a little muffled for my taste but good ... The sound is good, a little muffled for my taste but good enough for training. However, for me personally I found them painful to put on more than an hour. Thus, I took one star out.  Other than that the battery life is as described, switching between devices is a breeze, very light you can hardly feel them while training.
R1UXXUSY7Q6KA5	5	Simple strong case Nice simple case, very protective back.  The rubber around the outside is a little tough making it a struggle to press the power button, but it's gotten more flexible over time.
RRFK2G5UKYBSL	5	Great case. Fits really well and comes with screen ... Great case. Fits really well and comes with screen protector. I like the design and even though case is only a bumper all the buttons work perfectly. My phone color is Gold so it matches prefect. I am very happy to get this at discount price.
R25GM23ZB3GL8O	4	5 is kicking no problem family member no complain everybody is happy I am happy thank you keep up the good ... This 5.5 is kicking no problem family member no complain everybody is happy I am happy thank you keep up the good work Mr blu
R3NBHWZKRBM2QL	4	RCA is good Brand I received a good product, I recommend it for novice users who want to start with smart phones.
RUI46BAH93M0O	5	Five Stars Great
R3N36SXKG4KJI6	5	The perfect phone case, hands down. I've used Spigen Slim Armor cases on my last couple of devices, and recommend them to everyone that asks about my case.  Great fit and finish, adn the kickstand is a nice touch.  You'd be hard-pressed to find a better case, and with Amazon's pricing, you can't go wrong.
R22OL2XR28THBO	5	everything else is great. Battery life not as expected. everything else is great.
R29XHZPLLVBC7B	5	Five Stars I love it, is everything I expected...  :)
R15PSC1G3G686X	5	Five Stars good
R3CTAIOXRUFAI3	5	Well made and good protection for your I used it until the new Grinch cover came in. Will start to use it after the first of the year. Well made and good protection for your phone
R3A3U11HDJ0B3D	5	Great product minus the blinding blue light if that bothers you Been a big fan of all Anker products and this one is great as well.  Just be careful if a blinding blue LED light bothers you. Customer service is top notch, will continue to buy anker.
R3KW8KBIFXLGOV	5	Five Stars I love it can carry everything I need in it.
R3LMQ3FJ65FGLU	5	Five Stars Pleased with this case.
R2Z576SIILUQ7N	4	Four Stars Does it's job well.
R3L8FDG6I8AWFB	5	Five Stars Great durable case.
R2W3I5Q3BWACI5	2	Fell apart the first time I used it. The ... Fell apart the first time I used it. The white part just fell to the floor in pieces leaving the cord silver. Also the neck,  where the cord meets the head, is frail. As of someone started to cut it off! It works though.
RV9FZDJ2LJXR1	5	love it great product
R3H7JO1EOYR1IV	5	Five Stars Love it. Fit perfect, color is great.
ROYAHQHU0OIP7	5	Easy to apply Works just as described. Easy to apply.
R1FXFNP3UDQZYF	5	Five Stars good
R2RFBJUWG690KX	4	Four Stars Good product fast shipping
R1FZ6CB1SMP2Y5	5	Five Stars Great Product, easy to use and sounds great. Would buy again.
R15RNRSG9I9PXC	3	Three Stars Thought item would be less pliable but protects watch well
R3SD9K3UHZU10E	1	One Star Magnet not stong enough to hold phone in it well enough.
RR7VXEUJCC6HB	5	I was very satisfied with this product and I was more than satisfied ... I was very satisfied with this product and I was more than satisfied with its delivery because it came earlier than I expected it to.
R3OQNIOWHZ103E	3	Three Stars The mesh seems to be more durable than the black rubber tips.
R3E8OICORNAYGZ	5	Perfect Replacement It is just like the factory one I lost.
R1SV6GCCNP2V14	5	Five Stars Worx.
RN9US2X24PBD	5	Five Stars Great product!  Arrived on time
R15NNB2B2QFBE	4	Good Protection Bought this for my husbands phone.  Love the cradle, but it's hard to snap in and out.  I figure it will loosen with time.  Had my iPhone in the same  case and slipped in a pool of mud (in the dark).  The phone went in the mud and it was totally protected, especially at the bottom.  That sold me.
R1DBAJ58P0QRU	5	Five Stars Exactly what I ordered and expected. Thanks.
R23Y9U8I1NSAEF	3	This case works well as a belt clip, but ... This case works well as a belt clip, but there are too many design flaws with the case. When the phone is in the case you can't push the down volume button. The sticker on the inside of the case started coming up within one month of use from getting the phone out of the case.
R32Y7AQKORN0EV	5	Five Stars Perfect fit. Looks nice a sleek.
RU40WUK6SUYFN	1	Worked great for a while No problems at first. Wish the rear camera had a better image, seems a little cheap, cannot see at night (added brighter lights to my truck for backing up). Front camera is great, good HD quality.  Worked for about 8 months, now it will not turn on. Tried to contact supplier with no luck.
R39OQWWKBJUR12	1	One Star It didn't fit right it was making my phone take a lot of photos 😡
R2PF7I0QYJTQIU	2	No worth the 8$ Too much static
R1K4RVCA5D7987	5	Five Stars Excelent!!!!
R12JHP5PYNQQ8I	5	Five Stars Great
RTWGNKXTKURCM	5	Love this product Love this product!! Not only will it protect your whole screen from cracking, but it somehow keeps the screen less oily.  I love the feel of it when I'm typing and  makes it easier for me.
R1A3ASNQ3HRLL9	5	Good product, 10 footer rocks I love the 10 foot cable, 😄
R3FJNYYHIIYO73	5	Five Stars Works great
R1AA9JUERYL3P8	1	Not 600mAh The wall charger advertises a capacity of 600mAh. I thought this would be great for giving my smartphone a small boost after the wall charger is unplugged. However, there is no 600mAh inside the charger - it is just a plain wall charger with no capacity reserve. Disappointing and not as described.
R162D6L5VTOKPX	5	better than otterbox which I had prior Everything & more, better than otterbox which I had prior.
R3INU2ZWZ429DH	1	Cannot find a cover for it anywhere, hard to ... Cannot find a cover for it anywhere, hard to text with long finger nails and it froze when speaking to rep at Tracfone and now lost all my contacts and pictures of my grandkids, lost everything on the phone! It is being replaced by Tracfone but information on the phone is gone,
RIB6U7S9MLTU6	4	Recommend but with caveat Works well but announces &#34;connected&#34; VERY loudly so be sure not to put in the ear buds until a couple minutes go by! I have had people tell me they can't hear me so well on these. However, other times, I have phoncalls without problems. Overall, recommend.
R2AFKXW2BHGY7K	5	Five Stars Love it
R1KQGK9SNP0IIM	5	Five Stars great
R1GDBLVM07FIZR	2	The case itself cracked very quickly, and popped off ... The case itself cracked very quickly, and popped off my phone, and the rubber part around the camera lens hole popped off too. It's okay, but wouldn't get it again. I switched it out maybe 6 months after buying this.
R1C72OWQ80HBAL	5	Great product I bought this to hold an iPad Air 2 in a Lifeproof case. It works perfectly.
R2TBEFULPPEF6C	5	Great case The case is wonderful, I get compliments on it all the time . I tell them I got it on Amazon. It's working out excellent for meI would suggest anyone buy this type of case if you carry your phone in your pocket
RXYRPSZMFAOLA	5	Five Stars Da best
RDPFNU3SH8WNL	3	Easy Setup, Good Comfort, but Bad Sound Quality Setup is easy and comfort is pretty good, but the sounds is pretty bad. Super heavy on the bass to the point that any music or voice (i.e., podcasts) are very muffled sounding. The in-line mic/control piece is pretty awkward/bulky as well, but I guess they need somewhere to put the battery :)  The price probably reflects what you should expect out of these, but if you're looking for more long-term headphones, I'd either wait for better technology or spend some more on a name brand.
R3D5E3ELXWLPMR	5	works great! no issue with occasional water splashing or the ... Use this in my kayak for fishing/paddling trips all the time.  works great!  no issue with occasional water splashing or the like.  Charges the iPhone pretty well but will use a lot of the speakers battery for that, just FYI. Just spent 3 full 10-16 hour days tearing off and re-roofing my house and this speaker was playing the entire day (on about 1/2 volume) non-stop each day. I did recharge each night but the fact that it can go 12+ hours on one charge at a decent volume is very impressive.  Sound is great too if its not at 100% volume (no speaker I've used sounds good at that level).
RU20F7PITGAAT	1	One Star the metal clamps will scratch up your vents. I've used it for only a short period then stopped.
R14MKWRJO5XSXQ	2	Broke within one week, was replaced by Amazon and ... Broke within one week, was replaced by Amazon and has been working since (about 3 weeks). Does not seem to be the same quality as Apple, though.
R1ARHQQ0WW2KMK	1	The edges don't lie flat on the phone. The ... The edges don't lie flat on the phone. The screen immediately got dust under all the edges. Didn't last more than maybe a few months. They should just make it smaller, so it lies flat. I bought a new one by a different company, and it lies flat.
R32V8SZ3JUO4EI	3	Three Stars Made pictures cloudy.
RUSG9F48BH44R	5	Five Stars Love this case! So lightweight and lots of colors to choose from! Tempered glass is amazing!
R1YJXUAXO9WYTM	1	Wrong Screen Protector! Twice. I saw the previous reviews and was very excited to use this product. When I was trying to do a rough fit on my phone was confused because this screen protector was simply not fitting on my M9. A quick look at the box solved this problem. &#34;Compatible with Amazon Fire Phone&#34;. No problem, just let amazon know they gave me the wrong product, with comments that the box was for an &#34;Amazon Fire Phone&#34;. Couple days later, same issue. Does no one look at comments? Don't waste your time with Volt.
RXRAJYDN6I5B5	5	Just as fast as the wall model Charges the phone very quickly in the car
RI7U0XW4ZVSR8	5	Love it Works great for my Love it Works great for my needs
R31FFDEOYZVHSW	5	Five Stars I am extremely pleased with the product!  An excellent accessory for my cell phone!
RT048WC5UR6TD	5	Simple to use, accurate. Has courses pre-loaded. ... Simple to use, accurate.  Has courses pre-loaded.  Uses buttons instead of touch screen.
R30OGJ15FF8YL0	5	Five Stars good
R2SSO1FRVQA6WT	4	Good but low volume Functions perfectly, although sometimes hearing it becomes difficult becuase the sound is not clear enough it should have more volume
RSN5OTU2BRILC	5	Five Stars Love my new case!!
R25O21HERJGVBF	5	Five Stars Love the watch.....
RLSQ1SCPUUWV6	1	Very cheap copy of the apple adapter. Lasted less ... Very cheap copy of the apple adapter.  Lasted less than a month.  When I got around to trying to return it, it was too late.
R24MH9MFUDEMF1	4	Adapts to almost any phone and very easy to use This product will absolutely keep water out.  Sometimes when opening water droplets do get dropped inside and remain inside however it never damaged my phone.  I kept a paper towel inside to absorb all the droplets which worked.  I was not however able to use this product underwater as the touch screen does not respond when the phone is underwater so no underwater images unfortunately.  Adapts to almost any phone and very easy to use.  I also love the strap which allowed me to wear the phone around my neck.
RZEUX8GL1XE79	5	Worked just great. Used it two weeks here in the US and a week in Germany. Worked just great.
RRCGSSEK9QQVM	1	Only good when your trying to watch movies at work No protection. Only good when your trying to watch movies at work.
R28NIO2T6UHXF6	5	Easy to install and the app is great I now have two of these switches. Easy to install and the app is great.  I love the integration with ifttt.  I schedule the front porch light to automatically turn on at sundown and turn off two hours later.  Great smart switch!
R3LMUB08B2OCF0	5	Great Really nice battery pack. My phone is around 3000 mAh and it gets 3 full charges so I am going to assume that it is truly a 10000 mAh battery.
R1AFRBOZ7WJ92N	5	Can't live without it ! Buy this right now! If you don't love it, I'd love to know why. This thing is the best one out there and i've tried and had to throw out 4 cell phone holders already because they were total garbage. This one is the best! It suctions to the wind shield like crazy. It has not fallen off once in the few months i've had it. Not even remotely loose. Snug as anything on there. And, there are multiple ways to adjust the arm; towards you, away from you, right left, up, down. The phone can either sit on the little ledge at the bottom and then is ratcheted in tight on the sides with the braces or if you have your phone plugged into the car charger you can just flip up that little bottom ledge so it's not in the way and just use the side braces. It's so easy and fits snug. My phone has not accidentally fallen out of this thing even once and there are no little rubber parts or foam parts that can melt off due to the heat melting the glue. (i've had ones in the past that had these). This is all plastic and it's perfection! I want to buy 2 more just to keep on hand in case the thing does break somewhere down the line. I can't live without this thing in my car.
R1TFWMORWR93JE	5	Recommended! Great sound, good battery life.  You need a FM station with no signal but if you do definitely pick up!
R4TL0HJ2BECPM	5	Five Stars Fit the 5C perfect great case
R2ABJ9M8ZABL2A	5	Five Stars Works great and stores all the necessary items
R3G2LBFUCS48MD	5	Very clear sound Great product, very comfortable to wear and very easy to configure, after pairing for the first time it connects super fast, I just have to turn the headset on and that`s it. I have asked people that I have called on how is the quality of the audio and they says that it is very clear I can hear them very clear as well. Shipping was super fast and I definitely recommend. great product for the price.
R2YMZDHGDWQIAV	1	Beware of fake reviews! It may take you a few minutes, but do yourself a favor and read all the reviews for this product. I assure you it will be entertaining, but more importantly I'm sure you'll agree that at least half of them are fake! I had a good laugh, but I won't be purchasing this product.
R2H7YXGP351UPD	5	Five Stars Great product and fast service  Looks good on my wife's phone .
R62P4E0Q7IWBE	5	Good Value USB cables vary in quality in a few important ways, with the most important being the quality of the connectors and the stiffness of the cable.  Stiff cables tend to break more easily than flexible ones, and poorly constructed connectors can make a cable stop working within a few uses.  The cable on this MYOHO version is flexible, if a bit thin, and the connectors are well constructed.  I would expect more from an expensive cable, but it is a good value at this price.  I will update my review if the cable breaks prematurely.  Thank you to the company for a review unit.
R2XNX6MXD7OHJ9	5	Five Stars Just as described, no defects whatsoever! Will buy from you again!
R1X0H3AH9F73LN	2	Two Stars It was fine now I don't work at all
REYZZ7SAMMWBF	5	Five Stars Excellent accessory.
R3OUT6I3DR4J0I	1	Misfit ! Not appropriate for cell Blu 4.5 camera opening located in the wrong area!
RZ7F3TV7B0JUE	4	Quality product Weighs a little more than I expected & isn't as compact.  However, it holds a charge & does the trick. Nice to have away from any other way to charge things.
R4A4PTV4HLQD6	5	The real deal! I've bought other &#34;lightning&#34; cables in the past...but these are the real deal!  Can't get over how fast it charges my phone!  Cable quality and the 10' length are fantastic.
R3B4XME4MTMAVA	3	Does not work for me China stuff
R27UPVSG6WLF8B	1	Item arrived after expected date. The item is cheaply ... Item arrived after expected date. The item is cheaply made not worth the long wait that it takes to get to you. I have no idea if it is actually water proof because I'm not willing to take the chance and test it. Buy at your own risk.
R2MM4UJQOUUEH6	5	Five Stars great
R1ZD4T94Z2SILN	5	Works great. Easily to do if u knw how to ... Works great. Easily to do if u knw how to follow directions. I followed a YouTube video. Installed in less than 30 and works great.
R2UWPFS71HOSY9	1	Instead I purchased the Samsung S4 battery case with the wireless receiver already attached and it works like a charm Unfortunately it didn't work with my Galaxy S4 phone; so I had to return it. Instead I purchased the Samsung S4 battery case with the wireless receiver already attached and it works like a charm!
R18K2I104OX33F	5	Nuvi Cradle for Garmin Nuvi 52 used with Ram Tough Claw Using with Ram Tough Claw to mount GPS in RZR side x Side - working great and holds Nuvi very snuggly while riding rough trails and roads. This unit will definitely not come loose.
RVDZZNGWWH6W3	5	Five Stars Very good quality, excellent fit of the phone into the holder. Looks very good, like leather and more durable
R1WHJIZO2GZAAO	2	Don't buy this headset unless you have a tiny head. The product is OK, but it squeezes against my ears so tight that I cannot wear it for more than 10 minutes.  Not a good design.  Don't buy this headset unless you have a tiny head.
R1KDN4B2SS8EXO	5	Beautiful Useful and easy to carry
R1RRRF31QNYS0	5	Five Stars Great
R90F6CCX2FLJN	5	Best charging cord ever Best charging cord ever!!!!!! Not only do I thoroughly enjoy the length of this cord, it does charge my phone a lot faster than the factory cable that comes with the phone.
R3DBSTR1DLUIKU	5	Love ir Great product
R3Q766NZFXY7ED	5	This is the charger to have in your glove box ... This is the charger to have in your glove box of your car or boat. All you need to charge this charger is the sun, no matter where you are you can usually see the sun. 
RJFYV33K2C43T	5	I took a chance on this and I really like it. It is durable and more streamlined than ... I have always used Otter boxes.  I took a chance on this and I really like it.  It is durable and more streamlined than my other cases.
R2BJTMM5HYK6WW	1	One Star Came broken very disappointed
RHSHG8QC1RJAZ	2	Two Stars The sticky part loses its stickiness cases the holder to fall
RTH4R5FPO4NF9	5	Fits great and does its job so far Fits great and does its job so far. I wish this had a screen protector, but its exactly what we needed.
R1165V022PVX7E	1	One Star Broke within a few weeks
R9FCB1CII104C	5	Five Stars Great.  Love it.
R28VGJXISVMY0F	5	Purchased this for my dad after he took his phone ... Purchased this for my dad after he took his phone for a swim without a waterproof case. He says he loves it!
R2MCAA5TSWO1W2	5	Happiness is a Beautiful Cell Phone Case This was purchased for a friend. She loves it.
R3CJ1NIO9ZDQ8D	3	Good one time use Defintely test it out first before you put your iPhone in it.  It leaked the first time, but after I got the air out of it first, then it was fine.  It's a little cheaply made, so this is really only good for a 2-3 times use.  Overall, good for the price and for a one time use.  I threw mine away after our trip to Hawaii.
R2FJUS920SHHQ5	1	Takes of the case of the phone. It takes the cover off of your phone when you take it off, pretty annoying actually.  I wonder if I'm going to damage my phone when i put it on or off.  Other than that it's fine.
R2TPXLPNUM8GXK	5	Perfect! I love it! It's a must have if you never want to damage your phone. I've had one for all my phones. Would never not have one. Falls out of my car from my lap and it's nothing. It's perfect!
RY74T2VKCS2WZ	3	Fits my S5 perfectly. Only problem is the thing ... Fits my S5 perfectly. Only problem is the thing is HUGE and is award to wear at the gym.
R2L4Z04D4O3FYO	5	Great Cup but find in retail str. $30 overpriced I own both sizes but didn't buy on amazon, due to they were not carried at the time.  I just bought my 12 oz.  I can say from using these since December, I couldn't be happier.  I take it on the boat in Ga summer,  the stainless steel is hot to touch on outside of cup but I have ice and my tea isn't watered down. My husband sits my coffee next to my bed around 5am.  When I get up at 7 or 8 I still have hot coffee. Also he will fix my 16 oz with tea and sit next to my bed in morning's and I drink it most of the day.  At night a cup is fixed for me snd in the morning I still have a drink thats not watered down. My coke doesn't get watered down quick either. Yes, these do keep your coffee Hot but don't expect.it to be streaming hot in 4 hour's.  But I will say. It will keep your ice (there will be some melting its not a freezer) to 24 hours depending on where your using it at.  No problem with leaking in any of them. Do not have the stainless steel taste,  I have another bubba that is stainless steel.  Do not like that one and took it back. This has to be a good product for me to write this long of a review.  Too bad Amazon doesn't have a seller on here that sells them for reasonable prices 19.99 and down, which us what I've paid at other stores
R19W9VS2C6C3QS	5	This is the second time I order this screen protector ... This is the second time I order this screen protector. I constantly drop my phone in its face and this protector probably started to get a little damaged around the 20th time I dropped it. But it did its job and protected my actual screen! There wasn't one scratch on it
R2AHN3Z9VPNLYM	3	No sim phone Great phone, however it does NOT have a place for a sim card. Not happy with the false advertisement.
R1MFTNN6SBCFXR	1	Would not recommend plastic edges where the phone sits chipped off and ... Would not recommend plastic edges where the phone sits chipped off and I've only had it for a month.
R1J1UVY9VIYHCW	5	SELFIE STICK Loving my new selfie stick! It's very handy to use. It's connected to your phone and it's easy to use!
R1KG9NRHOAZPFA	5	Five Stars Works great
R3UYVWIEPIOYZP	1	One Star Came with parts missing
R3R8L2G1ZONLMP	5	Fantastic!! It fits perfectly Fantastic!! It fits perfectly, was delivered on time, and looks great. Snagged my sweater a little but so far so great, otherwise.
RA7267FUSX5TX	1	As soon as I tried to put it on my ... As soon as I tried to put it on my phones screen it immediately made huge bubbles that wouldn't come out. I ended up just throwing it in the trash.
R173DIOKRH8H2K	5	Great Buy Is a great case all around. Very slim and durable.
R1C2X5601WYA3O	5	I love, love it I received this case as promised.  I love, love it.  It fits the phone like a glove, top quality through and through.  I love the color, the look and the feel. I have several cases for my phone but this one is in a class by itself.
R2EC7NJGEEABOW	3	Just okay... this phone case is alright but it gets dirty really easily and is hard to clean. It doesn't come with a screen protector either...
R13QE4GMRWH1QF	5	Works well No problems. Works well and the blue light is cool. Packaging was great.
R1NRXEPZ7UM0GK	5	Five Stars great
RD61C42FNRU0T	5	When this one came in he put it in his phone right away and it has worked great and will hold a charge Got this for a replacement for my sons phone. His wouldn't hold a charge anymore. When this one came in he put it in his phone right away and it has worked great and will hold a charge.It had a 75% charge on it when we got it in the mail. It fit his phone just like it came with his phone.
R2PC4AXJHZJZS3	1	Junk Junk, lasted about four hours. Won't turn back on, hopefully they'll send me a new one, or money back
RH1ZVJ50B0F6E	5	I've bought 5 cars and this one is by far my favorite. I have two Exactly what it says, I've bought 5 cars and this one is by far my favorite. I have two!
R461UJNBX44SR	1	DONT BUY THIS The picture clearly shows the protector fitting the entire screen. However it barely covers half. And it looked like poor quality too. I returned mine.
R38T43KZ41LYA8	2	Not a long lasting battery It works only a little better than the original battery which barley lasts the day without even regular use once it has been charged..no problems with on time delivery
R3KM3U7Y2Q3G85	5	Five Stars its good
R3KJUDDBKQHNKF	3	My phone fits fine and it has been durable and the key pocket ... My phone fits fine and it has been durable and the key pocket has worked great for me. The only Cons I can find is that the ring used to connect the extension strap pinched my arm and after a while of running I had to stop to align it and then keep running. I drilled two small holes on the plastic ring and then sewed the ring to the original strap to prevent it from rotating and no more arms pinch.
R2P4NLKQOIR8LU	5	no surprises these are useful for small projects, the connectors work fine and i don't have any issues with the construction of them. good value, you get exactly what you expect from this product.
R1PVLL265EFLL2	5	Nice Very nice and sturdy feeling, the film that comes with it is removable and I replaced it with a glass screen protector.
RIUTRESXFQVIM	1	One Star does not charge the battery  i think it is broken
R3U1RZFAORONHR	5	constantly charged! Always nice to have extra USB chargers in the truck!  How can you go wrong?
R3ORD2IP0QBXAH	5	love it! Love it!! Perfect size, awesome design, very practical, and perfect fit.
R2VKOQ8VK3Q2NC	1	Pretty much crap. This unit is awful. It is extremely cheaply produced, the walls are thin plastic and fragile, as it arrived all cracked. The unit connects to my bluetooth, but continually pauses the music or begins to make random horrendous white noises over the music. All together, it is just a terrible unit. Don't waste your money!
R3B4S7JNWW44CH	5	I love it. I have a 2ft one for my ... I love it. I have a 2ft one for my car and 6ft one for home. Works great and is stylish at the same time!
R37MS7RSLL8XL1	1	One Star Does not work with a brand new 2015 Chevy Camaro.. Disappointing...
R5TQMDMGBELEB	1	One Star Stopped working after a few uses
R3H3PVEIWEBXM5	5	I didn't think this one through... This seemed like a good idea at the time...but I have NEVER used it!  I don't know how anyone would actually use this thing.  Oh, it works the way it was designed and is strongly made!  It's just not practical at all!  I've giving it a 5 star because it does what it says it will do.  I just can't see how anyone would put this on the windshield and be able to drive safely without a HUGE blind spot!  Maybe put it in the back for the kids to watch movies or something?
R2E5CAK6ANV3NC	1	One Star Didn't last. The cheap ones sold at Target for $5.00  last way longer.
ROHH9DVKSMTAB	1	I loved these headphones great sound ni cracks with volume up ... I loved these headphones great sound ni cracks with volume up all the way, but they just stopped working today no more than 10 min ago. Nothing happened I unplugged them then when I plugged them back in 10-15 min later nothing. So so so so very disappointed.
RTFP6GNYLGYWL	5	Five Stars worked great and it was cheaper then wal-mart
R3H5ARENNNJR34	5	great for work Had the watch for a couple of weeks now and it is a must have for me. Works well with my Samsung Galaxy S3. Did have to change my messenger service to Google's to read the full texts. Easy to respond to a text via voice. Controls my music and the display is nice. I just wish the battery life was better and there were more covers for this watch. Overall, I'm pleased with my watch.
R1ZMLGD5LUNAQ7	5	Wonderful GREEN product, USA made This is a truly great GREEN product!  Unlike plastic phone covers, the eCo-cover doesn't slip out of hands or pockets per its &#34;rubbery&#34; feel, but made from CORN!  Baby safe BPA free makes it ok for our grand-babies to chew on and handle.  So we protect our phones, grandkids, and the environment all at once.  So cool.
R3RCRAJUNYXLJO	5	Perfect water protection for your iPhone Put my iPhone in this and took it out on the water in a Kayak. The pictures were perfect, and I could easily make phone calls and receive text messages.
R1PV609XT0BFAQ	5	Charging Is Now Much Easier I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. The product is of fine quality, is extremely durable, professional, light-weight, and is very short in comparison to the huge 2-port USB car chargers. This charger is unique in that it is extremely compatible and prevents over-heat by stopping immediately when the charge is complete. Since, I am using my phone all the time - I usually tend to run out of battery by the afternoon. This charger is very cost-efficient and speedy. The charger itself is very easy to use - you just have to plug it into the socket attaching a USB charger from the USB port to your phone. I noticed that it charges quicker when the phone is off / wifi-3g is off, and so I feel its preferable to use it that way - for better and faster results . Very pleased. A+! I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
RZJB359FSUCFU	3	vGet what you pay for really cheaply made
R1K6NJ3SZ9YV6I	5	Five Stars Love this product, small and works very well. Love the low profile.
R1YM9IS5SQR07M	5	Perfect for the family van This review is for: Car Charger, Benks 3 Ports USB 5.5 Amp (2.4a 2.1a 1a) Smart Universal High Capacity in black  I received a sample for my honest review.  This charger is very compact so it does not protrude too much from the port. With three ports, we can keep all our electronics charged up on the go without fights in our van. This charges our iphones and ipods quickly without any connection problems. It feels well made and sturdy.  No problems so far.
RGDL6826CXERN	2	Great battery right up until it nearly exploded in the phone. I ordered these batteries as replacements for my wife's phone. A month outside of the eligible return window one of the batteries swelled and stopped functioning. Hopefully I can find a more reliable vendor to order a replacement for the defective battery they sent me that won't nearly pop inside her phone.
R2KFWRC1LHJ915	5	Responsive and just great! We use Square on an iPad in an Otterbox to check guests out. It's way easier than signing with a finger. We used to just buy the cheapest ones we could because the rubber tips would break in dry weather or after a particularly heavy handed customer. But the last set we bought we so unresponsive and the rubber broke so fast I started looking for another option. It's so frustrating trying to check someone out and switching through all the styluses before finally giving up and telling guests to just use their finger. These are so wonderful! I was hesitant about the metal mesh on them but our iPad cover is fine, absolutely no scratches (at least not from the stylus). All three write nice and smooth and are very responsive, even through the plastic cover. And I love that I can just replace the tips when they break instead of having to buy entirely new styluses. We tape feathers on them so it's nice not having to reattach the feathers when the pen wears out. One of the tips busted on the edge the first day which was a little disappointing. But now after a month of heavy use all the other tips are holding up just fine so I think that one was just a fluke.
R1FU4GX9L4ADPY	5	5 Stars!!!!! Arrived in 2 days I was so excited and this case is perfect! The camo on the back is so smooth and doesn't peal off worth the 8 bucks!! Would definatly recommend and would buy again!!
R12W1SE5PG1XMB	5	This things is AWESOME. Fits great and it appears to be able ... This things is AWESOME. Fits great and it appears to be able to protect it no problem. I can even use my Samsung Wireless charger through it which I could not do with another style. Not having to take the case off every night to charge is a bg bonus. The kickstand appears to be metal in the photo. It is plastic. Still works but I fear the mechanism that holds (Plastic Bump) it into the case will wear out and the kickstand will become useless and have to be ripped off. We will see though.
R2IYMGLEMQ94CK	1	Don't waste your time or money Didn't fit phone at all, very cheap and poorly constructed. Don't waste your time or money.
R2D8T0YVE5X2KE	5	Good product Purchased this for my daughter.  She is very happy with product
R3VC1M23Q30OVR	5	Five Stars perfect product and shipped fast.  Thanks!
R1JFKB708HH4G1	5	excellent buy, and excellent seller to do business with Well made, durable, excellent buy, and excellent seller to do business with.
R35HYE60OJ944R	5	earphone review very great quality
R32FGAQJP1UYR8	4	Incredibly cute Totoro case Incredibly cute Totoro case, his face here cracks me up! This held together fairly well in the 6 month time-frame I used it for, the picture didn't get scratched off or anything. Decent price as well.
R1E23HT7DRVFOW	5	Excellent features and audio quality that business professionals need. Audio clarity is excellent.  I haven't had a dropped call since I started using this headset.  I'm am told by people on the other end the call has excellent audio as well.  The headset is a little large and takes a little time to get used to or it did for me.  I wear glasses and that may be why it took some time but I am very happy with the features that my old bluetooth headsets didn't have and the call clarity and reliability they did not have either.  I really like the single use buttons as the mute was frequently unusable on my other headsets but a piece of cake with this one.  As to talk time it seems to be very close to what they claim, I seem to be getting somewhere between 6 to 7 hours between charges.  For someone who uses a headset professionally this headset is well worth the extra coin.
R2JQOCLSOBUDWR	5	Love it love it love it Love it love it love it!!!! One of the best cover. A bit shallow on the sides, but the jelly material hugs the phone enough to protect it. I highly recommend this one.
R2R6IYR05E64TZ	4	Haven't had a chance to use it yet. But ... Haven't had a chance to use it yet. But it arrived ok and is fully charged and ready to go.
REBWFJUX0BWEC	5	Five Stars Mom actually uses it.
R362TU49R6R7MP	5	Simple and works great Got this to cover a tablet we bought for my nephew and it works great. He is autistic and doesn't usually like these things on but he has no problem with it, he actually likes it.
RSYIM4GUQ23KI	5	Sturdy I purchased this Avantek CD Slot Car Mount Holder for my husband who drives a lot for work & uses his phone for gps. This is nice because he can do it hands free. The magnet is bigger & much stronger then others he's had in the past. Being able to tighten the flap to get a good secure hold in the cd slot is nice, especially with larger phones that have thick protective cases that make the phone heavier. With the heavy duty magnet & secure slot mount you don't have to worry about the phone falling off while driving. The only disadvantage with this is it does block the view of the clock & some of the buttons one the radio but that is still better then the others that connect to your air vent & block the flow, they don't hold as well as this one & living in Arizona in the summer you need all your vents. So overall this is nice sturdy product.  I received it at a discount in exchange for my fair and unbiased opinion.
R2V658PKX099E3	5	Five Stars Fit note 4 perfectly no issues with this
R2K70IPQXES1M5	2	Battery life was okay... but the build ... Battery life was okay ... but the build quality was horrendous!... on both batteries the flat cover for the bottom of the batteries came off the first time I put them on the included battery charger!. Needless to say I sent them back and got me a refund.
RFB540K4RZPB4	5	Great quality and very sturdy material Fits perfectly, lots of extra room for my other cables and earbuds. Great quality and very sturdy material. Protects the headphones wonderfully!
R2S5B38V0RNKIZ	5	iPhone spends 10 minutes at the bottom of a river and survives! I dropped my iPhone in a river this weekend, after searching for about 5-10 minutes for it I found it buried in the mud about 3ft below water. I was still panicking until I hit the home key and it turned on like nothing had happened. I've dropped this thing a couple times too without any damage to the phone. There are hairline fractures in the plastic but apparently they haven't compromised the watertightness of the case. Sooooo happy I put this case on my phone!
R28GH61QFTZV6E	1	dont buy this crap Piece of crap. So tight. Doesn't even Barely fit.
R29ST1DHCC6DLC	3	Good for casual use, not great for the gym. Pros: 1) Great sounding earbuds 2) Great price 3) Music/Call control 4) Decent BT range 5) Good sweat/waterproofing  Cons: 1) Ear pieces fall out of ears constantly (tried all fittings) 2) Hard to adjust properly for comfort. I wear with wire under my chin as behind my head makes ear pieces fall out even more. 3) Takes a long time to charge 4) Battery life isnt long enough (4-6hrs tops)
R2C8VKO6U7J10	5	Five Stars I just love this case nice and sturdy compared to otter box it's great thanks
R2AHPPSG36OJG6	1	I received a bad part after putting on it starting separating from the ... I received a bad part after putting on it starting separating from the base and had to pay to get a brand new screen after already buying this one
R2HYABL0M3ZPKQ	5	Five Stars This is a great product. Would highly recommend . I have 4 of them. They are the best chargers .
RVZ8LCG2FA4PM	5	I love this screen cover I love this screen cover. It  installs easy an protects my screen as advertised. I would recommend it  as one of the best.
R2C2VWFU8FX1Y6	4	Headphones work well. I use them for three hours ... Headphones work well. I use them for three hours every other day and the battery has lasted well.  They charge quickly.  Its been much easier to turn them on and off once I got the hang of turning them on and off with the left earphone in my ear so I could hear the alerts.
R1TXH8NE5B2HR8	5	Five Stars Very good
R25LAG64KCGFV1	2	Two Stars Not all that exciting
R111T7XB3LMR3U	1	Very bad quality Very bad quality. It broke very easily because the extension was glued on. I would not recommend this product.
R3BLXGU6Q7DDPK	1	Biggest POS I have ever bought in my life! ... Biggest POS I have ever bought in my life!  Waited too long to install so couldn't return it.  Remote doesn't work, eject button broke on first day and DVD player skips on every bump.  Sent it back to Pyle (AKA pile!) After paying 50 dollars in shipping got in back and had all the same issues within a week.  Time for a sledge hammer and a $250 loss!
R1M451L0M5Y6XD	5	Five Stars Just what I wanted !!!
R2OIHKX8U7DT17	4	Great protection! Make sure you get a case that ... Great protection! Make sure you get a case that protects the screen edges. I wish I knew that prior to purchase.
RYRCE0YXISHKO	3	Good phone case but I cannot turn the button on ... Good phone case but I cannot turn the button on the side from silence to ring with the case on. I have to remove the case to do so.
R2XZ3459AKDKI7	5	Excellent bluetooth emmitter and receiver Excellent bluetooth transciever. Beautifull sound with my headphones.
RAI9NDSX912WT	5	Insert Your Active AT&T Sim Card and You're Ready to Go! Received this phone the other day and it's exactly what I needed.  It is a refurbished phone but it's in excellent condition.  No scratches or visible sign of use.  Came in original box with all necessary accessories.  All I had to do was slip my already owned and active AT&T sim card (from a broken phone I was replacing with this one) into the slot and voila!  Back to business as usual.  Didn't need to contact AT&T, unlock or register anything online, etc.  It just works period.  And is set for service in the United States,  east coast to be specific.  Thanks for excellent service and a perfect product. Please be advised that you may want to double check but I'm almost positive that this phone will only work with an AT&T plan and not T-MOBILE.   I was told that the Skyrocket version of the Galaxy S2 was exclusive to AT&T.  I am confident that it will 100% work great on AT&T networks but if you have any other cell carriers call them first and ask if the Skyrocket can be activated on their network.   I'm pretty sure the answer is no. Hope this helps anyone interested. =)
R1J0JRUMY90I1N	2	It looks pretty cheap in person It looks pretty cheap in person. Doesn't look like it would protect my phone either. You get what you pay for.
R36LB8ZNFB25UL	5	Five Stars Great product, got delivered quickly and with no issues! Highly recommend!
R2MH2ELBP5KZ7H	5	Five Stars nice case will order again in future
R3JIZ0PPLW5JDH	5	Great sound and bass Perfect for a computer desktop or gaming set up. Loud enough to fill a single room but not much larger than that
R211G7M6WOU0XE	5	A must have! These things are wonderful.  We have at least 6 now, one in each car along with a few around the house.  The flashlight is very bright and works great!  When I need a flashlight I look for one of these before any of the other flashlights I have.  These are particularly useful when camping.  Use the flashlight in the evening then plug it into your phone to charge it back up over night.  In the morning we recharge them from the car and they are ready to go again for the next night.
R25ET8432VBTZC	3	Not the best, not the worst Not the best, not the worst! Amazon tends to recommend this with 440 MHz profeng radios, you WILL need an adaptor! They are PL259 this is a wee little one!
RRGK6QJXWG79F	4	It's great if you tend to drop your phone alot like ... It's great if you tend to drop your phone alot like me. It's very durable and it does glow in the dark somewhat.
R2KTOBXTKO03FP	2	Two Stars Not a good material I could made a better one but for the price I guess it's ok
R219DFPEMH1NOO	2	Cheap and flimsy This is a very cheap product that felt weak the moment I picked it up out of the package. The sides felt like they would break away from the main screen and screen felt less like glass and more like plastic. I ended up removing it and taking my phone into a repair shop to get a new screen put in that has been much better. I would recommend a different product or just paying someone else to replace your screen for you.
R6KSQBMAOGOFC	1	One Star I just received this product, however the screw that came with didnt fit inside. It is really disappointing.
R1FYGVKHDKG0TB	1	buyer beware! Great GPS but the program you need to register and update maps will not open and run on most computers....save your money...do not buy!
R2NE5VQVO38H7I	1	Total piece of crap- use your iPhone. I got ... Total piece of crap- use your iPhone. I got lost out of Boston Logan. This thing can't be trusted. My trusty iPhone worked. What the hell was I thinking?
RLZOKCSLXKRMI	5	WONDERFUL LOVE LOVE LOVE IT
RHFA72LTIQE3D	5	Just What I Wanted My sister-in-law found some of these at a flea market.  Since I am always losing my regular stylus my husband suggested that I also look for some that attach to the phone.  I was happy to find these on Amazon.  They arrived very quickly and work just fine like my larger stylus.  I love all the different bright colors and I really like that I can attach them to my phone.  I'll probably never be like the younger people who can just text with their thumbs.
R2T788H1KD21Z1	5	Five Stars Great product, protective and useful.
RXI1O9JXC7BL0	5	Five Stars gooooood
R21GOOHJMH13GD	5	Five Stars Good product
RGXGYFYVXZRBI	5	... non glare screen protector and while it does add better viewing in highly lighted areas and in the sun ... I have never had a non glare screen protector and while it does add better viewing in highly lighted areas and in the sun it does not have the Anti-Fingerprint and bubble free application.  FROM THE DESCRIPTION......Features: Matte, Anti-glare, Anti-fingerprint, anti-scratch, anti-ultraviolet, bubble-free application, ultra-clear transparency, ultra-strength, and improves handwriting recognition. I still have to clean it as much as the ones that are not non glare and myself and someone else tried to put it on several times and althought we got bubble retuction down each time we applied there are still about 4 little and one a little larger bubble. All and all still happy with the product though, better than the last screen protector I had and a great value for the price.
R1SUAT3O7UN06S	1	Attractive, But Too BIG Advertised to fit wrists 135-195 mm.  My wrist is 153 mm, and this band was still way too big, even with all four links removed.  Returning the band was trouble free, after I called Amazon and complained about me having to pay the return postage (Amazon credited my account with the return postage).  The band, itself, was very attractive with the Space Gray Sport Watch.  I would have kept it had it fit.
R3UDMLPZO2E4S6	5	Five Stars nice
R3J0Z3TAWOBKMC	5	Five Stars Good product and easy to set up.
RPULC80OMNBKS	1	Garbage Product didn't work waste of money
R8NXHBKTNCVNU	4	GPS is a close fit There is a ridge on the bottom that partly blocks the rear charger port on my Garmin GPS.  However, I just managed to shove the Garmin into position with the cord attached.  The holder grips it firmly and doesn't slide around on the dashboard.  The last universal holder I bought had little plastic gripper fingers that broke.  So far, this holder seems to be a more reliable performer.
RGOT3VXKJEYOR	4	Slightly heavier than i thought it would be but that's ok ... Slightly heavier than i thought it would be but that's ok. Haven't really used it much yet but i'll be taking it to work with me this week to try it out. Takes a while to fill to 100% which is understandable.  I've finally used it and i've found that it loses power just as fast as the item charging!  My Note 4 has a 3220mAh battery and it seems that for every percent i gain on my phone, I lose it on the charger! Let's hope this is just a fluke.
R29A2LZTAHV84O	3	Three Stars The cord stopped retracting after the first time I used it... otherwise it charges the phones as expected...
R1UE2CQ66QDO40	2	Not for me the most inconvenient nuvi of the 3 that we have had.  wish I had my old one back LM40 (was easy, sweet & simple). On the way to look at the 55lm manual again but really shouldn't have to after a year of use.
R2E4NL7G15YZTR	5	Great phone, cheap and better than Nokia Lumia 822 Great phone ,cheap and better  than Nokia Lumia 822.That one crushes sometimes for no reason.!
R2XTA3GU6GH4MS	5	Fantastic ,plus bonus 2nd cable ;) As good if not Better than the one that came in the box day one. How Anyone could rate this poorly is beyond me.
RHYFWXGDKVI0K	5	Great case Great protective case, cheaper than life proof, have used case for under water photos and just in the shower.  Slight loss of touch screen sensitivity but not enough to complain about
R2MOEMHGWIVM2G	1	Waste of money The case didn't fit the phone properly and the buttons didn't line up. Waste of money.
R535KHEYJ0ZDZ	5	the design does not wear off like many other cases I have bought in the past Case fit perfectly, the design does not wear off like many other cases I have bought in the past. My favorite case by far and would recommend to anyone who likes Fairy Tail.
R21EW79EHXE6CQ	3	Edge is useless Fast phone, thin and lightweight. The edge screen isn't practical, the functionality it does have is useless, and often holding the phone results in the screen sensing more than one finger on it because of the dual edges. Don't waste your money, just get a S6 or note 5
RM2MA7X6RY7PJ	1	not worth it Not worth it honestly, says it is scratch  resistant but it's all full of scratches, they're hard to see but shine light onto it and you'll see them everywhere. Dirt and whatnot goes through it so if you buy it don't expect it to seal and keep your phone clean also edges stain. Now it is a faded yellow and has blue due to my jeans. As far as protecting it it seems decent, I purchased a glass screen protector so that has mainly been keeping it together, recently dropped it hard and screen protector slightly cracked, if I didn't have it on I feel like it would've damaged the screen. Other times I've dropped my phone height was relatively low/soft drop.
R24E07M0A9RQTD	5	Five Stars Fit and worked well, get price.
R2DMK9PS5CQPS0	5	Five Stars Fits perfectly
R1V25TGQ56ZI7A	1	Other than that it would be nice.. I've had this screen protector on for less than a week and it has already began cracking on the bottom left edge. It is line up perfectly and not hanging over the rounded corner and I have not dropped it.Other than that it would be nice......unfortunately I am sure it will continue to crack and split since it has started already.
R3VLEYWFEF15J2	5	Great product! Very easy to apply.  Clear instructions.  All tools needed are included.  Adheres by itself with no bubbles
R1H8W1BDRU6MKH	2	Too early to tell, to be continued.... So I have had my device for all of 6 hours......can't say that I am overly thrilled. Received this the heart band and the color slides for an overdue birthday gift. My first observation is the small is clearly not small enough. I can slide one whole finger into the band and that is it on the smallest hole I get to, leaving two holes open because the device itself is so wide I can't get it any tighter (see picture). I can't figure out if there is a specific place I am supposed to tap on it because I will tap it in five different places before it wakes up. What I do like is that it does not look like the obvious Fitbit most ppl have. But know I am wondering with the bad reviews from the app, should I have just gone with the majority????? The color is very subtle, but appropriate. I will give it more time. I do like the text messages, the move texts, etc. that is pretty neat.
R30KBHFZCQ8V99	1	One Star This was terrible, I do not recommend buying this product. False advertising.
RQMU5XXF8H65H	5	Five Stars Great!
RQRO4GJGSNGW4	3	... that wasn't what I got however it is a good card but just make sure if you are ordering ... This cord seems to work okay for me the only problem I had was that I believed to order the 5 foot cord and I got the 3 foot cord instead I had I had the 5 but could check off on the order but somehow that wasn't what I got however it is a good card but just make sure if you are ordering the 5 foot cord that's what you get
R3HG3NYK0TGA88	5	Five Stars works great!
RAKANMCGWUB52	5	Five Stars Nice and durable! Love the design and color. The stand is a neat gadget to have as well :)
R2G9O4BJZM12C2	5	Works great and the price was right Works great and the price was right. The 2 different charge rates (one 1amp one 2.1amp) are a nice feature.
R27HR8HPBVB4T8	5	Nice phone cover I wouldn't recommend dropping your phone in a public toilet, but I did.  I grabbed it quickly, after it totally submerged, and it actually kept working.
R1GP68PULS4OV	5	The ONLY cassette adapter worth buying!!! ... Anything else is a total waste of money.  Sound quality is high and the cord is very durable.
R1CHCTNTWZX3KH	5	Best made and my second purchase for my Daughter Best made and my second purchase for my Daughter.Excellent reception, noise reduction and fit. You can't go wrong with this one.
RZ9FW4N46TWLL	4	Good product These arrived right on time. I feel that it was a good value for the price. Not sure how long they will last but with 5 more of them I'm not too worried.
RVJQHQ9S7XQWV	4	not used enough for a good review. I am confused about calculating a route. It tells me there are sections that the motorhome cannot travel yet it apparently does not route around those sections. I do like all of the motorhome features that are built in. I have not used it to go on a trip yet.
R2P2X69BGLJQUF	5	Five Stars great
RW0O9OCT9PKM1	4	Four Stars Love it!
RLK6W8O9MHGZU	5	Does what is expected Does what is expected
R1VHYGP0TG5W1A	5	Fit perfect and the install was a breeze Exactly what I needed. Fit perfect and the install was a breeze.
REKA6GY4JET1R	5	loving them, I got the black one also. loving them , I got the black one also .
ROCP9WX048RE0	5	Finally found the perfect one charges both my tablet and my cellphone. powerful yet lightweight. now if I forget to charge I have the perfect charger. have bought quite a few different chargers,and this is the perfect one. Thanks Amazon for the right price and the speedy delivery.
R37EF1LEY3M24L	5	Five Stars great item
RM2Z3L6J6LH6C	5	Great product. I wish I had ordered one years ... Great product. I wish I had ordered one years ago. Works on my old Droid Bionic. Gives me all day use. Bought 2 so my wife would not have to charge her battery except at night. Extended back covers fits perfectly and the screen protectors and wipes were a bonus. Actually my phone is easier to hold now that it is thicker. Buy one. You will like it.
R19TXWRWYWPE3N	5	Five Stars MET ALL MY EXPECTATIONS AND GREAT PRICE FOR A BASIC TOUCH SCREEN RADIO
R16KEIXRUFOL9E	4	Four Stars Was very nice for the price.  Fast delivery.
R2YIJXGWF6VWSX	5	Five Stars Works Great!
R1X3MD0B4VK5XG	5	Five Stars Very satisfied with product and service.
R12U2GPAYW9A68	5	Five Stars Easy to install
R34WZ2V9VMW1UX	4	More information on safely prying out the battery without damaging your circuit board I now have an iPhone 5 with a new lease of life with a good battery.  As well as carefully reviewing the good instructions and video, I would recommend that you search youtube.com for &#34;iphone pry damage&#34;.  The riskiest part of replacing an iPhone battery is damaging the circuit board around the battery when prying off the battery.  While the instructions provided here show the &#34;safe&#34; places to pry, other sources suggest only the case edge should be used.  I also recommend doing this in a warm environment, we did this in a hot room on a very hot day and the higher temperature very likely softened the adhesive and made the prying relatively easy.  It takes a while from the case side and there are some rather unnerving ripping like sounds as the adhesive gives way but it all worked in the end.  A good product at a great price.  I take off one start because the pentalobe tool was too big for the screws on my iPhone 5 - a Nov 2012 Verizon edition.  I don't know if the pentastar screws got bigger in later editions but coaxing these screws out at the start of the procedure was the most difficult part of the whole exercise.  The screen removal and even the battery prying were quicker in comparison!
RG55LF6L4POIY	1	Awful fit for Samsung Galaxy s3, and cheaply made Hated the way it fit my Samsung Galaxy S3. It seemed to have a lot of wiggle room still.  My main complaint is that the case I received covered the flashlight and it was very hard to use the side buttons.  Plus the stand seemed very cheap,  broke within days so the stand kept popping out. I felt like my phone wasn't very safe in this as well. Wasn't good for my phone at all.
R112B3S5MPLYAM	3	Now I love the case I'm wasn't such a fan of the texture of the case. It's really rough. I ended up covering the case in epoxy to make a smooth finish. Now I love the case! Super sparkly and cute!
RAOGSGABA8F1C	2	Stuck button My button is hard to press. Can't get the led to turn on. Sent an email, hopefully they'll respond. I may have received a defective product.
R1HWA30SM1XPRY	5	Five Stars GREAT ITEM
R17PC9EYVFV00U	5	Durable and handy! This is a great alternative to an Otter box case, my husband is very hard on phones and hates Otter boxes due to the bulkiness of the cases, he has dropped his phone many many times, but this case has held up perfectly! Also the kick stand makes for easy video watching while feeding a baby. Lol
R24CGMRTT7RIA9	3	It's a good case, but it's not made for Xperia Z1 ... It's a good case, but it's not made for Xperia Z1 because the ports are not accessible, so you can't charge or use headset with the case on.  I give it 3 stars beause it protects the phone well.  Perhaps it fits other models better?
RGAPC9V570JMH	5	Works well Easy to use, simple set up.
R160ZG4P7ACT6R	5	Good fit - easy to put on Wear it almost every day.  Good fit - easy to put on.  Stays in place.  Love it!
RPLE1P67BVCJ4	1	One Star Didn't work. Had to return.
R324KJ9WK9D9DD	4	Best value for a protective case, but could use some extra grippiness. Magpul cases are always great value for the money, this was no exception. The one thing I take away a star for is the slight slipperiness of this material, though I'm comparing it to that of Speck's Candyshell Grip cases which are my overwhelming favorite. Wish Magpul would design in some extra grip (stylish as a gun case, of course) so that I'd be more confident my $1,000 phone will have a fighting chance of staying in my hand or where I place it.
ROHHB7DHOOWXO	5	Rugged, Flexible, Eye-Catching Very useful - clip your cell-phone in this and you won't have any difficulty finding it!  Easy to manipulate.  Grips my i5 securely, even in it's case.  Easy to carry, seems robust.
R1RTAPS6A7FALV	4	Get ready to put electrical tape over the LED for bedside use This item is fine, but why, OH WHY does it have an LED on it?  Let me explain...  I'm guessing most people charge their phones, etc., at night. I'm guessing a lot of them, like me, have their charger by their bed.  And I'm also guessing most people want to sleep in a more-or-less dark room.  Well, TOO BAD, because rather than looking at your device to see if the charger is working (which you will do anyway, to make sure the cord works and is plugged in all the way), this charger, by your bed, has a nice, bright LED on it to tell you it is working.  Even sticking it in a nightstand drawer gave the outline of the drawer a real special-effect, &#34;E.T.&#34; sort of glow.  Okay, fine, it's a small problem—a piece of electrical tape over the light solved it—but I'm continuously baffled by things like this. I have hearing loss, and the electric hearing drier I put my hearing aids in at night has FOUR LEDs on it. Can't even keep it in the same room with me if I want to sleep. I could read by it.  I'm sure Anker put a light on this to try to be helpful, but honestly it seems like it's not really paying attention to the most common use case? Or perhaps &#34;charging at night on your bedside table&#34; is an edge case?  Otherwise, it absolutely works. Rant aside, I'd buy it again.
R1I9FVWZFATCKQ	4	Good durable case for the price Nice durable  case.  The volume and power on/off button very hard to use.
R2X8A388UWLOYB	5	Very good buy IMO I bought this case trying to enhace the cosmetic aspect of my Iphone 6 Plus, i was using a magpul case before this one and let me tell you it looks gorgeous.  Top notch quality but be careful when taking off since it looks fragile too.  Very good buy IMO.
R3LCAPDFSZG03T	2	did not work for data transfer Worked great for charging but did not work for the data in my car radio
R1QK6TZ19FWXRJ	5	Yerp Duh bomb diggity.
R1VW71VUJAJ61J	5	Perfect! Great product, perfect protection for an expensive phone.
RFVK3R8I28I14	5	Five Stars Well made product which is working well so far!
R2ZC75T2GTC0CG	5	Bubbles No More Easy to appy (bubbles really do disappear like magic!) .  Prompt shipment was also appreciated.  I will definitely order from this seller again.
R2M8IBS07SROR0	2	The case is really cute but once you put two ... The case is really cute but once you put two cards and your phone in, it is difficult to close. Also the phone isn't tight inside the case.
R3HU45PY6GBAIG	5	Five Stars Great case.
R19T4C467IYBWW	2	Two Stars it is not harnes cable
R3IAOX2CLFNX12	1	One Star Garbage product. Did not protect phone at all.
R1RPOJ3GY3OPON	5	perfect More than i expect excelet very happy with it Its powerfull fast big screen and touch And the price is the big deal
R1QTWRVLQQMDJZ	2	Good computer, cheap packaging The watch works as is promised, but the casing and strap is PoS.  I only had the watch for a month before the strap broke.  Samsung refuse to refund me and 2 days later the casing that hold the straps broke too. It's a shame because the watch it's self is good but now I wasted $ on a pocket watch.
R3HFVLIUEXKQ4Y	5	Fantastic case! These cases are fantastic. They hold up well and fit my iPhone 6 Plus perfectly!
R3DHKY42I2L08J	3	Its a pretty color but I doubt its ever coming off Took about an hour to get the plastic part on after waiting almost a week and a half for it to come. Its a pretty color but I doubt its ever coming off.
R29RHAE484H3W8	5	Five Stars ok
R7XTMA44IJOCJ	5	Five Stars super technology at its best.
RKVRR7C6084W1	5	Excellent screen shield! This is just what I was looking for - a durable, inexpensive, made-to-fit screen shield. Installation was straightforward thanks to the clear directions. The shield has been on my phone for 7 months now and still looks new. Fingerprints clean off easily and completely. Still no scratches. Does not dim or distort the display. I'm completely satisfied with this product.
R13V1WYTF8Y3YS	2	You will need to purchase double sided tape in order ... You will need to purchase double sided tape in order for this product to work. Adhesive page is worthless. Directions are also not clear as to where to separate the broken glass. Do not assume that it's the seam in the phone's edge. You pry the glass off from the very top edge of phone.
R2LXAQWV38IAIM	4	Great buy! So far, I love it! Perfect for office settings. Very discreet. Smallest bluetooth that I have ever had. Battery life only runs about 3 hours of music play, but for this prices, it may be worth buying two to get through the day :)
R1NTMSOD4EGR8M	5	great battery life. If u talk a lot on the phone wile driving this is excellent. Great batt. Life, comfortable, and plaenty loud to hear wile driving in ur semi truck. I only have to charge this head set once a week and I talk on it for hours every day.
R1KCX5WQPNDS7G	5	Five Stars Good purchase! A bit unfitting but works good enough!
R3PT0ZQ9JE8SXZ	4	Very good looking, not sure how well it protects I like the look a lot.  I had an Otterbox but could never find my phone because the case was black.  The case fits well.  I did crack the glass protector screen and am not sure it would have cracked with the other case. There is  no way to really tell but I think this offers a little less protection, is less bulky, but is much nicer looking.
R2IIA0HDPV8J3X	5	Five Stars Great deal! Brilliant application. A monkey could do it perfectly.
R3C3BZE2KRM7R7	1	Dissapointed My case won't even snap on to my phone...
R3M4D402OXOUN0	5	Great Apple Lightning Cable Replacement I replaced a failing Apple lightning cabe with this one and it works great.  The connector is the same size as the Apple connector, so it can be plugged in without having to remove the case I use.
RMV4DM9QVVVIY	5	Able to use the same number right away when switching ... Able to use the same number right away when switching from an old cell to an iPhone by modifying the existing SIM. Skipped the whole porting hassle.
R2ARVN4NWAJ65V	5	Five Stars Great product at discount price. Seller delivered as listed.
RN0M6PGJ5HB5O	5	Great and Inexpensive. Fast charge.
R3VLFE32G8CGGA	5	So happy now... Works fantastic!!
R29PFAZ5VOWHIN	3	Served it's purpose Yes this case served it's purpose, however it was inconvenient for taking pictures (which really is to be expected with this type of case). The lowered review is due to the fact that the edges of this product quickly started fraying and the case discolored fairly fast, there is no good way to clean this product).
R1ORTRM4SXWOFH	5	Love Amazon! Great job with this product! Love this product! Came right away...and was easy to put on...Perfect fit for my phone!
R199BNCC8Z0WZ6	5	Is a very nice item, is practice Is a very nice item, is practice, save the phone any time. The price is normal for it. I like so much. Thank you amazon for delivery faster in my address.
R1K0V92QYV08YH	3	I ordered it for use with my S6 but it ... I ordered it for use with my S6 but it won't work with my Otterbox installed, so no my wife has one in two different locations.
R7M7IGQOYQYS2	5	Five Stars This thing is awesome. Easy to apply and extremely solid, yet somehow not too thick...
R1GCJ4FFY2UW6N	5	Works as advertised. No issues on my 10. ... Works as advertised.  No issues on my 10.5 S.
RD3UWIDP3GMHS	5	good buy When put on correctly, it works perfectly. It fell into place and it didn't kill the clarity of the screen.
R2AU52UWDH1EUQ	4	Nice case. Nice and slim, haven't dropped it yet but the inside liner seems like it should protect it from 2-3' drops just fine. I like the design and would recommend this case to anyone except and Eagles or Seahawks fan.
RYNLPAZLJ2PMM	5	The case seems much better than the Fre case with a more rigid back After 2 years, my Fre model case was falling apart.  The rubber was tearing around the sides, the switch tab for the mute switch broke, and the plastic on both the front and back was warping from the heat of the phone.  I wanted a waterproof case, so I figured I would try the Nuud model.  The case seems much better than the Fre case with a more rigid back.  The use of a stick-on screen protector instead of the Fre cover is a world of improvement over screen viewing ability as well as touch control.  The raised edge around the screen takes just a bit to get used to, but it it certainly beefy enough to maintain a good seal against the surface of the phone.  I have no intention of getting the phone wet, so this case is just-in-case protection and appears that it will handle the task well.
R27BA7JX5N5U7X	5	Five Stars easy install. good fit. still attached even after 4 months of use.
R3AWQWGAI3E0NO	5	Great! Enabled me to hook up my entire downstairs to one system. Connected my entire downstairs to this which in turn is connected to a Sonos Connect.Amp.  Perfect sound through out the entire house.  Enabled me to hook everything up for a moderate cost.  I also love the ability to deselect speakers from the front.  I also didn't notice a difference in sound.  Great product.  Super easy to setup.
RWSV5RIJ8F7YS	5	Incredible unit for the price. Works like a charm, remember folks, update update update.
RLPMOM4O7BJHD	5	Great Anti-glare screen protection I bought this about two years ago. Today (August 29th 2015), this screen protector is still on my iPad and works just fine and lasts on the screen pretty much forever. Easy installation with no bubbles (just simply follow the rules). The sides have lifted up, but it still protects my iPad screen and definitely reduces the glares from excess sunlight.
R2A3PYRQS1QWCG	5	Perfect. Just what I expected Perfect.  Just what I expected.
R205CED54MPQW0	5	Five Stars My mother loved it and it came in a. Timely manner
R2X6QIDVFNBZ08	5	Five Stars excelent
RATTY0AQBRP69	1	They did charge just fine but will not connect to the bluetooth on my ... Unfortunately these are not working for me. They did charge just fine but will not connect to the bluetooth on my iPhone 6. Granted I did purchase them on sale but I did so because I do not need anything fancy, just something to allow me to listen to music etc while I am out for my morning walk. These are going back.
R2OFGGLPX8OU8J	5	it definitely protects your phone and great customer service This product is a must, it definitely protects your phone and great customer service!
R1OC0M3SZEQGBY	1	Don't waste your money! Says its compatible with an iPad 4, but it will charge for a few minutes, then I will get a message that this accessory is not compatible with my iPad. All 4 cables do this. Wasted $12 on this junk.
R3OM5BE3TDN395	1	One Star I would give this a zero if I could. None of the cords worked, absolutely awful product.
R1D3NR5GREEXXJ	5	Great case for a nice price I've been a big fan of a competing case brand for several years and had not heard of Verus until recently.  I'm glad I discovered them, though.  This case is superb!  I really dig the hairline texture on the back; it adds style to the case and gives me a good grip on the phone.  The only complaint I have is that the corners are the hard plastic and not the TPU rubber.  I'm just afraid that the plastic will crack if I drop my device and it lands on a corner.  It may hold up just fine, though.  Hopefully I never have to find out.
R2DFC1EWIZ3YOP	5	Anker makes GREAT stuff !! Great USB power.  Charges all my tablets at once, quickly too.
R3DIYKMDG9TQIZ	3	Three Stars Jawbone Charging cable breaks quick. Not just this brand but others as well.
R167DOTLLIJBTX	4	Four Stars The color is really nice and I love how it protects my phone
RW04RPQF2SLJI	5	Five Stars Amazing product with affordable price
REKCCPWP8NP5W	4	Love it. Good Came fast. Love it.  Good quality
R2U5API633D7QV	5	Great Cheap and  convenient
R1JXVB3JPIZY9F	5	great arrived quickly, great device
R10BUZQE8O463Z	4	Great case Great case i got this as a gift for a friend it perfect for credit card also if you want extra 20.00 for free check out the link http://www.mynetspendcard.com/?uref=8005772755
RWUMN9H0BN8T8	3	GXT1000 are way better for about 1/3 the price GXT1000 are way better for about 1/3 the price!!  These claim to be &#34;Military Spec&#34;.  But out of the 15 my company bought about 6 of them have broken on their first drop. ( I have had the GXT1000 for a few months now and apart from a few scuffs they are still holding up way better than the 5000s)  Pros:  The sound is very crisp! The lithium battery is awesome! Water resistant. Midland is a wonder company to deal with! They really back their products.  Cons:  the antenna is not attached very well.  Those 6 that broke on the first drop have broken either the antenna and or the power/volume nob.  The mic must also not be that great because when someone is speaking using one of these it sounds very low on all radios (both GXT1000s and GXT5000s and other midland models that others have on our crew).  In conclusion; if you are not going to be working in the rain or near water, or if you don't mind charging your walkie every 12 hours (of heavy use).  DO NOT GET THIS MODEL.  You'll get a way better bang for your buck with the GXT1000 model (don't even think about the 2000s either! Midland doesn't even sell those themselves anymore..)
R2IR5YACJ8Q4YV	1	Defective headset! Product arrived on time, but failed to mention it only works for specific phone systems. Also the microphone had no capable function of working as it was defective
RCDMU7C7PDQ6S	5	I love them very much I bought three sound pods in the kickstarted campaing. I love them very much! The sound they produce is amazing. I use an IPhone 6+, but have also used other phones in it. They come very handy when one desperetly wants to hear music! I take them to camping because they don't use energy; I'm using two, I keep one in the bathroom and one in the kitchen and use them everyday. Totally worth it.
R1Z5MXM07O02ED	5	I installed this into my Jeep Grande Cherokee and it ... I installed this into my Jeep Grande Cherokee and it works perfectly. 99% of the engine noise was eliminated from my speakers. Very simple to install.
R2XYAIM0FM955P	4	Give it a try Definitely recommend it, the battery last long, clear conversation.
R2VXS79NL5EGTI	2	Sounds great, easy to use but the remote hardly works Sounds great, easy to use but the remote hardly works! I also have the MW1 and it only work about 40% of the time. Extremely frustrating!!!
R32WC6HZY7QKGJ	4	Four Stars Better than lifeproof which muffled my voice.  Liked waterproof of LP. But this works great
R4JQA4WJ4DRX1	2	Sizing/Sound Issue Unfortunately these ear-buds don't fit my ears, though they come with many different sizes you can try from.  I also noticed that the audio would cut in and out when only four or five feat away from the device.
R1WSXWR4G62ETA	1	Not a real Otterbox Do not buy this product if you are looking for an actual otterbox.  Although this product says  &#34;Otterbox&#34; it is a knock off and I could tell from the moment I opened it.  The plastic is thin and feels like it would easily be broken, the rubber is too hard and not stretchy at all.  The back even says made in china.  Real Otterboxes are made in the USA.  I will not buy any product sold by this seller.  To add flame to the fire it took over 3 weeks to arrive, and it was complete junk, I hope this seller is shut down for fraud, and faces charges for ripping off the Otterbox design and name.  Shame shame.
R1R03JSBYBYGEJ	5	works great Everything worked out great! good shipping.it arrived the day they said(it came early in the day) It works witht-mobile.you just have to buy a sim card. But it comes with a charger and to my suprise some headphones that sound great.
RBKCQNOVSSYBE	5	Five Stars Works wonderfully!!!
R1ARCFSWF0SOAF	5	Five Stars Prefect
R3S7RQSHJNWJTI	5	A great deal. Some people tell me they hear a ... A great deal.  Some people tell me they hear a slight echo.
RXP0385GYLM9B	5	Multi-purpose This case is perfect when you need to streamline your purse, and yet need essentials, such as bank card(s), cash, etc.
R36MCJSB0SBWX1	4	Four Stars Good product slightly cheap looking but sturdy and well designed.
R1U8QYRTXWXLE	3	Nice mobile phone mount This works well but it's a bit shaky. It may be more stable with a smaller phone but my IPhone 6 Plus just wobbles a little too much. I like it because it's extends longer than most other window mounted devices making it easier to reach in my Hummer.  I recommend this to anyone looking for a phone mount that extends longer that your typical mount.
R2BHRTYT6859CF	5	Five Stars Can't live without these now
R1SRKGR05WFOBI	3	You get what you pay for. The headphones work as wireless headphones. Sometimes they will disconnect randomly and i'll have to turn them off and turn them back on for them to reconnect and it's kind of frustrating. I removed the over the ear plastic because it just was more uncomfortable than helpful and lately it has about a 5-10 second delay from when I press a button to the action occurring. It's not the best pair of wireless headphones I've ever had but they do what they're supposed to. You get what you pay for when it's $20 so I'm not really complaining but I definitely wouldn't buy another pair unless I had no choice.
R1ZPSNW3G0NZU1	5	Five Stars great little cell phone holster.
R3NK0DMBLCO8ME	5	and a good value. Crafted to clear all S5 openings well Works as advertised, both horizontally and vertically, and a good value.  Crafted to clear all S5 openings well.  I am satisfied.
RKTGX2UCLTKOY	2	Two Stars I love the case but the first time I put it on my phone piece cracked on the side.
RJPR55QBV6JZA	1	Mislabeled batch? I installed the lens before realizing how small it was. It's an almost fit. But the cutout doesn't even fit around the button. I checked the label, and it says &#34;note 4&#34;, but then I noticed a different sticker on the front of the box that says &#34;S6&#34;. I think I have the wrong one, and from some of the other recent reviews, I suspect I'm not alone...
R2X1REUCE9TUG	5	Five Stars Nice head unit with a lot of features.  The RMX11M wired remote is a nice addition.
R149MX9KP4CPLP	5	Five Stars No more searching for a plug outlet while on vacation!
R2J73C4D79BICU	5	Five Stars excellent product!
R2ESLYBQ6BTCBX	5	Great case for great price Love this case. It fits and is of good quality.
R6MD7FQQ1JBYG	1	Not good. I used it only several times, the thing broke into two pieces at the joint of the bottom. Not good.
R2UY257PD4IUZ5	5	easy to install keeps my device safe wash with cloth ... I received this product in exchange for a unbiased review,the shipping was fast and packaged securely the instructions were easy to follow and this screen protector fit my device perfectly. all ports and speakers work properly, fingerprints are easy to wipe off. i put on a case right afterwards and the screen protector didn't interfere made of durable materials and keeps my screen safe from damage. I have dropped my phone several times since and I also keep it in a large purse nice price for the durability and quantity
R2H9JKK3SFMLL9	3	Three Stars Nice cover for the back but doesn't do anything to protect the front.
REYYRSR5S2G8	5	Great speaker sounds is awesome [[VIDEOID:56cad5d204e99f886c1ff956caa5204a]]HiFi for just a small size, when i received this Bluetooth speaker. i am already expecting that ill will just be like a phone when i play music because its too small fits my palm honestly although i am much impressed on packaging seller definitely got style. as soon i connected Bluetooth on my LG phone and start playing music darn what a HiFi, the bass and treble of music is great, I am surprised.I tried it on Micro SD card and it works too. with the small size i can bring this on parks to play music, pocket size so i can keep it on my pocket too. battery life is around 8 hrs of continuous playing, i did test that because i hook it up on my phone playing lullaby music for my toddler next room. good Bluetooth range, i don't need to get up to bed and change the lullabies song. Easy to connect on Bluetooth, once your phone Bluetooth is ON just turn on the Bluetooth speaker, i am sure you will hear a Bluetooth ON\\" then pair your device. Once paired you can start playing music.  Highly Recommended  I received Bluetooth Wireless Portable Speaker by Argon technologies for FREE in exchange of my unbiased and honest own opinion review.
RCPZ4LNPEWXHJ	5	Perfect for running Perfect for running, does not fall off your arm and both my iPhone 6 plus and Note 3 will fit in it.
R2L9Z799BCTD2R	5	Five Stars All I can say is great product
R1JWHBYMTU5F12	5	Five Stars Good quality screen film! The glitters are really pretty.
R19UGCOJ6GRW16	5	Five Stars Perfect fit! print on case was slightly less brilliant than expected but still a fantastic case!
R32P6DPH02C79I	5	Five Stars Just perfect
R1X5R5KEMYRWW5	3	Three Stars Could fit the phone better
R3BGOS0S34ZHL6	5	Five Stars Very nice as described
R3VJ338NN3Q9YD	5	Five Stars I recommend excellent product . All very good
R1T3EA9U4OQ0TA	5	Connectors feel solid and the cable is nice and flexible About the nicest charging cable I have bought in my many years of android usage. Connectors feel solid and the cable is nice and flexible.
R1AFZ612MHP8OM	1	Nice cable but it doesn't last. I wanted to love this cable, but it stopped working within a month. The cable it replaced (different brand) is frayed but still works. This K-ble charger is completely in tact but won't charge my phone anymore. Disappointing and a waste of money. Maybe I just got a bad one. Hopefully others will have better luck.
R3C0OQVX17W636	5	Great Good looking case
R2XQ76VTD015M4	5	Love it! Looks awesome in person Love it!  Looks awesome in person!  The extra bulky/size that's added to the phone is itself is justifiable for the added protection.
R5QACPGDLNHY3	5	Five Stars Absolutely a perfect phone for the price. Love it!
R3RCVG2T4TWT5K	3	Three Stars nothing much, just a mount
RPP1CBQ8AF18Z	5	Five Stars Awesome for the beach!
R28ULZLRNTKFM2	5	My New Favorite Case Awesome case. I love it. It really gives a more refined look to your phone, and meets all expectations.
RF47I4DOSJ5J2	5	Great Buy For The Money! The USB Charger RAVPower 24W 4.8A was a great buy for the money. With it pushing 24 watts of power and the dual 2.4 amp ports, it was just what I needed to charge up my ipad and iphone in a short amount of time. If you're looking for a fast charger at a great price, look no further.
R1GR6NG56QRY38	5	Five Stars works good interesting fits great can't tell its there easy to put on
R2QOCDG33EOE7C	5	I love the case it feels good in your hand it ... I love the case it feels good in your hand it don't slip out and it  protects the phone nicely I have dropped my phone twice and it seems to hold up to no dings
RAMZ1LW67090C	5	Excellent case, waterproof for sure This case has proven itself to be completely waterproof. We went kayaking down river and my husband was using this case with his iPhone 5s when he got flipped out of kayak. He lost his phone in the case because it did not float. In a little less than 24 hours we received a phone call stating the phone was found and it was working because find my iPhone gave them my number to call. The phone sat in case under water for almost 24 hours before it was found and still worked perfectly when we got it back. The only con is that we should have bought a floating wrist band to attach to it so it would not have sunk. Very thankful for this case for keeping our phone dry.
R3GG18S1DNDZ4W	4	Four Stars Solid arm band, a bit big for my I phone 5, but definitely get the job done
RPEWIW0WGDFMI	2	Excellent protection... so good it fails on other grounds. As a protective device, this is an excellent case. However, the case is so &#34;airtight&#34; that I miss 25% of my calls because it will not slide out of the holster/clip. The rubberized cover surrounding the actual phone has a high friction co-efficent with the hard case that holds the phone to the belt that pulling it out when being called requires both hands. The result is missed calls or buttons being pushed by mistake.  There are some places where a Fort Knox case is impractical... this is one. In the end, the rubberized section of the case is beginning to stretch and soon I will need to replace it.
R3GXPJANFB63H	5	works just fine. From 20% to 100% in about 2hrs It is charging my Samsung NOTE 2 and S4 without a problem... works just fine. From 20% to 100% in about 2hrs. I am happy.
R2FVG2OB0387DS	5	Nice product! Works great with all my devices. Small size a plus.
R1986DQX0JDAQH	5	Worked Great! Perfect for my trip down the Chattahoochie
R30S4F3C3F8UY4	5	Five Stars Works  great.
R3BW61UKCDKI4Z	5	Five Stars Fits nicely, good video to follow
R2AZ7AXQAVUS52	4	Four Stars works good with my phone
R3TFF15D4MJDED	1	Don't waste your money Terrible quality. Cheaply made. Cheap packaging as well. Case came cracked/bent. Not recommended
R2G7BF7W7DZWUO	4	Great Product This product is pretty nice. Feels great in the hands.
R67A1J0QHLM5A	5	Five Stars Quick turnaround, just as described.
RG70NFJZJC8XX	5	I I bought one pair to test them out.  Turned around and order 3 more for Christmas gifts!  Best $10 and free Prime shipping I'll spend this holiday season!
RBQLSQ7UO60VH	5	Five Stars excelent cuality
R1L7OLPYRO0DLH	5	Five Stars Great product
R2UPEKTHG1Z7UY	1	One Star the touch is not at all good and the phone is very slow
R1CW2VQQR1WVKP	3	Disappointed I have ordered several of these and have recommended it to 5 or so friends.  No more.  The cradle that holds the phone gets weak and the phone &#34;droops.&#34;  On the two purchased most reticently, the ball that fits into the back of the cradle to allow positioning has literally broken off.  As for the charging unit, the fuse inside seems to burn out rather quickly.  I would suggest looking at other products before purchasing this one.
R13EJZ85EAF0VV	5	Five Stars The best phone case I've ever had!!!
R2QSMLDJSUI7U7	5	Nice phone or tablet stand. Works as intended.  The slot through the middle is a nice touch for keeping a power cord attached.  We use it for a 10&#34; tablet in the family room.
R26PYHNMENCQVQ	3	Three Stars I though it was the crystal one
R1CW241TWBJ0GS	5	It is very easy to install It is very easy to install, and so far so good.  Holds the phone perfectly (Note2). No issues at all, and got exactly what I expected. Very solid piece of equipment.
R3QQS0OF7A4XG1	1	Don't buy these!! These head phones sucked wouldn't pair and if they did the sound was crap
R1XAUT0M7UY8HP	3	Three Stars can take some time to find the right fit on my head.
R141SESG2P0N00	5	Very satisfied! Fantasic charger.  Charged iphone 6 and galaxy s6 simultaneously from 0 - 100 in about one hour.  Also, it's really small and sleek. Love it.
RS1VSVP58LLES	5	Five Stars very pleased
R2VDF37WGM2GED	5	Purses Please Now all I need is an Iphone cover with purses!!!
R3IRWAVO1VY0WT	5	This is a VERY nice product that came in useful as soon as it ... This is a VERY nice product that came in useful as soon as it  was charged. PERFECT for my needs at work and on the road. Beautiful design and feels &#34;good&#34; to hold as well. I would recommend this to anyone that needs a power boost for their devices that allows the device to charge and be used at the same time (at least with a phone anyway!).
R1VZAQ9R3M9XG	5	Nice band for Apple Watch Sport Very nice product, especially for the price.  The build quality is good, and the included resizing tool works well.
R2CUUB859ZA7S3	5	Great Replacement Battery Authentic replacement battery for the Note 3
R6NGBSW5FIQGI	5	Fits well and looks great! Wonderful cover. Absolutely the thinnest cover that I've ever seen, and I have been receiving great comments from other people about it as well. I really wanted a minimalistic cover for my iPhone, and no doubt this fills the bill.
R2AJZ89K94DZPK	5	Five Stars I love it!!
R1OJKY8BQYN2QM	5	Five Stars Good
R3193W1G0NM430	5	Five Stars Love this:)
R123O7BFGQI9TK	5	Fast car charger with a retractable cord and an extra usb port This is my new favorite car charger. I love that it has a retractable cord. It also has a second usb slot so that you can charge a second item. I plugged my phone in to the retractable cable on my short trip home from work (about 15 minutes) and it charged my phone 5% in that short period of time. My previous charger would only maintain my phones charge on the same trip. The retractable cord is the perfect length for the card and it retracts smoothly, so it seems like it will last for a long time. This is a great charger for the price. I highly recommend it.  *I received this product in exchange for my honest, unbiased review.
R205LA06RBYAZT	4	Works with problems Works OK but bad closing flap. Doesn't close all the way
R3JN2PF61JQGEX	2	Two Stars Clip broke within 2-3 weeks of having it
RW0ASSMVQTD3V	1	Not good quality I bought an original one from apple store for 22$. I needed another one as back up to keep in the office, so instead of buying it from apple store, I ordered this on Amazon for less than 5$.  NOT A GOOD IDEA. It does't stay in place firmly. Move laptop a little bit and the screen is gone. Avoid it if you are planned to use a display port for an important presentation. You don't wanna get embarrassed :D.
RLWY8QKKB35D7	1	Finish wears off easily The case fits well on the phone and looked great when I first put it on. However, after only 2 weeks of use (my phone is carried in my purse and has bever been dropped) it looks pretty scratched up and the textured soft finish is wearing off. The exterior finish had not held up well to minimal use and I'm very disappointed in this purchase.
R1GBCFHRI6FYWN	3	What you pay is what you get...a regular quality phone The charger cable lasted for only 2 months(it stopped to work suddenly, in perfect conditions), terrible quality, and after that, I have to use a Chromecast cable, which is not the same, it is terribly slow to charge it.  Some applications will crush or not work as the iOS version, for example Audible not only crush but it makes the operating system as well. Waze looks and works terrible at Android(not sure if this only happens in this phone of every single Android)  It has plenty of ASUS useless applications. It is ok for its low price, but you will not get the quality of an iPhone on a ASUS Zenfone(just in case if you are a iOS user, do not switch to Android)  The screen material is also very low profile, my Zenfone 2 got a scratch from... basically nothing, bad quality, I got to buy a temperate glass for it. Any way, consider invest $200 in another smartphone
R2IRVIQCKWMQNZ	5	Love it I love the watch! Getting my emails and calls without having to carry my phone in my hand is so convenient. But you have to be within range of your cell phone
R17O9PUDD4QR8H	5	Happy Fits perfectly no need to buy a new radar.
R140VK5QTHFYQD	1	Poor quality and not worth the money Poor quality and not worth the money.  I feels like cardboard.  The only reason I am not returning it is that it will cost me $6 for shipping so I am only getting $3 refund.  I do not know how this product got so many 5-stars.
R1A8PU3L3XKXCV	5	Great product and works awesome So happy with the glass cover. I had a lifeproof case on my iPhone for two years while I was under contract but it was pretty beat. I wanted to keep my phone and get a new case and screen protector. I love it it's so clear not big and test I have dropped my phone and the glass isn't cracked. The phone is good and the screen protector is still perfect. This is my new go to product when I do decide to upgrade. The only downside, is on the iPhone 6 there is a space between the screen protector and the edge of the case. I'm hoping they will update and fix that
R3TGZEZYBYU5EJ	4	Does seem to wake me up For me the effect seems more obvious with the wake-up energize sequence than with the calming effect. I have primarily used it for the mid-morning slump and afternoon slump, however, it won't counteract a true sleep deficit.
R1UTL8XCQBGWOO	5	i love this case it fits great. Very Good case
R2VPGZR2IKJKB3	5	I LOVE IT I ordered my case and wasn't too sure about it because some of the comments but I LOVE IT!! Yes is so good got it right on time with two day shipping and in top of that that it comes with a screen protector and a pen for easy texting. I will recommend and it makes my iPhone more prettier.
R2WGF9C79PACLU	4	Great case for the money! Great case! Just wish it had it's own magnet to automatically turn phone on/off upon opening/closing. Otherwise it works perfectly for what I need it for.
R25VCKXAMEYHML	5	Easy to Install This works great, I bought one from the cell store for $25 for my Samsung S5 and this is every bit as good.  I was a bit nervous installing myself, but was easy to do.  So far no air bubble issues after 3 weeks of use, will update if there are future issues.  The Tempered Glass is a MUST for cell phones.
R20J8JNDP3WA14	4	she love this case I bought it for my wife, she love this case.
R38ENS7HWJ4T9Z	1	Will not hold charge after a month Like many other reviews, my set will not hold a charge after about a month of use. When they worked they sounded great &#60;assuming my phone was close enough to send\receive signal&#62; for music. I did get the audio drop out here and there when I was biking but it was never anything too bad or that would require a reparing. Forget about using these for a phone call since no one could ever hear me clearly when trying to use the built in microphone. Unfortunately now I get to throw these away because I am not able to charge the battery. Save your money and buy something that is better quality.
R2Z1SPCFO0YWPB	5	Great selfie stick. Stylish and easy to use! I've been wanting to buy a selfie stick ever since it became popular and now I am happy to buy and use this particular selfie stick. Since I got it I was very impressed and I feel like it is a very high quality and nicely stylish product. It is also very simple to use even for me (I am not technical type) and work with my iPhone with no issue. Overall, I am satisfied with the product and honestly I couldn't find anything to complain about at all. Thank you for this great product!
R36521EXR5K1IH	1	KEEPS RESTARTING THE PHONE I bought this because the price was right and it did not look too bulky.  However, the case keeps the power button down and the phone keeps restarting as a result.  Not even worth returning, so I am just out the money.  The materials are okay, and the clear plastic was neat, but obviously that is irrelevant given the power button pressure.
RNYXY3O3678NI	5	Missing strap The phone case was beautiful but I did not get a strap for the phone as pictured on the screen if you can,can you plz send me a strap for the phone case,  Thank you !
RISX5KFPA42AL	1	Doesnt work well at all thru via cell its real ... Doesnt work well at all thru via cell its real hazy watchingh anything off of phone ... dont buy it
R3NQLLCGT4LGFS	5	Five Stars very nice
R24BMEHX5EWGEY	2	Not great - Wireless backup camera system Pretty disappointed. I installed on my 33' motorhome. It seems like any little thing causes it to fuzz up the image (static from the wireless reception.) It's cheap and hopefully as we've all learned, you get what you pay for. I just didn't feel like spending several hundred dollars on a system. It'll do but if you want a reliable rear camera wireless system, this isn't the one for you.
RTBBJ1D7K6ANR	1	Wrong tools The pentalobe star screwdriver is too big and can't be used to extract the screws near the lightning charger. I tried calling &#34;customer service&#34; twice at 206.607.1333, no answer, &#34;The voicemail box is full, please try your call again later.&#34;
R2HEOO9REN8QNE	5	Great Product! Easy to put on and works like a charm.
R3MPBK5GHFNTXA	5	It works as advertising. It works as advertising.
R9AR34IRGVYBT	1	NO STARS Very unhappy with purchase. Case did not even fit my phone (galaxys5 ). Buttons didn't even line up and case look like it fit and iphone.  All info said this what i ordered . Had to go to Verizion  store and purchase a case for a much higher price . I will put that one in the junk box and chalk it up as lesson learned . Sorry VERY UNHAPPY !!!
R3D02VPGEXDNR1	1	Doesn't Play MP4's!! I bought this as a present for my 8 year old daughter. I spent ages downloading MP4s to put on it but the only video formats it plays is .AMV and .MTV...Good look finding those. Even when I downloaded a converter; it still wont recognise the files. It's hard to work, it's very quiet and it crackles. I thought I'd grabbed myself a bargin, but I was wrong. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
R2QSJ3820U3NXX	3	I think this would work great if I did not have a case on my ... I think this would work great if I did not have a case on my phone.  I have an Otter Box case which I think is too heavy causing the vents in my car to sag and the phone/holder to slip off over bumps.  I ended up going with a dash-mounted holder because of this.
R2FYN2J0HQ5P9K	5	Excellent Product Fit my iPhone 6 like a glove.
RDGDZLL202K27	5	Looks beautiful! Very happy with it fast delivery, Looks beautiful! Very happy with it!
R251J3HXFPW8GY	4	Four Stars Great device however, it's kept kicking me off the Bluetooth.
R18KL9CCKNLRT	5	Legit The real deal!
R2V69SX5J7ZBBQ	5	Five Stars Excellent Thank You..
R2Y4AH0G3MIS3F	5	Five Stars Neat addition for my vivofti2
R2DITROZRZLQ3M	5	Great Product and quick shipping make this a win Great product, and shipping by Amazon.  Currently charging the following with no issues:  Android phone, Android Tablet, Iphone 5, Ipad Air, Ipad Air2.  Works great, and the blue backlight are a plus at night, but mostly covered once you plug your cable into the usb jack.
R2OCQSW4N9MANO	5	Nice wireless charger Works very well and is very stylish. You have to center the phone exactly on it though and confirm that the light changes from red to blue.
R20C0VKQQ38GH3	5	Great 6ft cable, reliable and great warranty A lot more durable than the original apple lightning cable. Amazon's warranty is also great. My cable messed up within a year and they sent me a full refund to purchase another one.
R2S8OSE66TLXTO	3	The cover is great. The belt clip isn't the greatest for me The cover is great. The belt clip isn't the greatest for me, it always pops off of my belt while I'm working. I do construction so I could be up higher than a phone could handle the drop so I don't use it any more. Just put phone in pocket.like I said cover seems very durable
R26RF8H3N8PLB5	3	But it works fine. Its a little cheaply made compared to the old kenwood decks. But it works fine.
R2YHYQP19LQ07U	1	I don't recommend it. It's tough and looks nice but it does not protect your screen if it were to fall face first. The case sits flush to the front of the phone which is the most important part. Nothing else seems worth it in comparison to the biggest flaw it has. Wish I could return it.
R21I6QLCQGJ7I0	5	Highly recommended Excellent battery pack, huge life. built very well and feel solid. I picked it up as a lightning deal for $14 and have used it for almost a year now.
R164UFSRWB1ADQ	3	Great while it lasted....but only lasted 3 months before breaking I purchased this item in May.  It's late August and it has already broken (the plastic suction cup that makes it stick to the windshield broke off of the back of the mount.  It was a great product while it lasted....but it does not appear that I can return for a replacement any more.
RIA1DB9TAT951	5	Selfie Stick Bought this to take on our trip to Alaska.  Thought it might be fun to use.  Hoping to get pics of ourselves with the beautiful scenery in the background.  Worked great.  It was light and convenient to carry around in a back pack or pocket. It was pretty simply to use once I got the hang of it.
R2X8A78O0D9VHP	4	I am impressed that Wildtek honored their warranty and reached out to meet my needs. This came with a lifetime warranty and broke one day after the 30 day return time. I cannot find a way to return it either through Amazon or through Wildtek. I am highly disappointed in both companies.  After posting this review, Wildtek contacted me and honored the warranty. I appreciate the effort made by Wildtek and will recommend the company to other users. I
R2WYKBQS8OR08O	5	PERFECT DASH CAM ! I returned my garmin dashcam, and change it with zero edge , and i am very happy with it..some has problem with mounting /keeps on collapsing but i suggest MOUNT IT ON YOUR REARVIEW MIRROR, check this item (iSaddle CH214) $9 in Amazon,  check it if it will fit your vehicle rearview mirror , its perfect on my Honda pilot.. I'll definetly recommend it !
R3LFLNVLBZ92HC	5	Well Made Case Sturdy, looks great, takes a few days to get use to size. Nice product.
R55DRX2C4V37N	1	Junk Flimsy junk don't waste your money, they say they fit the 1999 vw but they don't, I actually found some localy and when I compared them they were not even close.
R2KQ87E9YOJ3HX	5	Must have These are a must for power users. I have 3 total!
R20G0Y2W1C9VE2	4	Great case, ok screen protector, no SDslot opening, but with alteration its the perfect product because the case is great. Great case.  Not so great screen protector.  I don't like the included protector because it doesn't stay stuck to the screen, so air pockets form and it has a &#34;bubbly&#34; feel when you're pressing on it.  Also, it doesn't have a slot for the microSD slot.  So if you want to add or remove the SD card, you have to take apart the case.  I'm going to use a razor blade and cut out an opening in the plastic for the SD slot.  I find the case difficult to separate/install/uninstall.  I broke my the outside half of my first case from removing it and reinstalling it several times, but I was probably pretty rough with it.  I think its a great case, super durable when installed and looks nice.  I've dropped my phone several times on hard surfaces and its still good as new.  Good edges for phone calls and holding while typing.  My wife has same phone and she has another popular case and its ok but this one is better.  IMO, best idea is to cut out the original protector and buy an aftermarket one, the kind that 'sticks' to the phone's screen.  Then re-assembled the case and it's perfect.  To remove the included screen, I used a razor blade and an old rag with some paint thinner.  Used the razor blade to cut off the screen and scrape off the glue from the backside of the case's edges.  Then removed any residual glue with the rag and a little bit of paint thinner.  Took about 10 minutes.  IMO was totally worth it.  No more bubbles and can use any screen protector you like.  Case gets five stars, but overall four because of no sd card slot and included screen protector.  Still best case out there IMO even with the extra work.  I've bought two of them now and have tried three different cases and still think this ones the best.
R1C2ZBAAMK8TXV	1	Terrible. Plugged it in and it doesn't work Terrible.  Plugged it in and it doesn't work. Garbage save your money.
R1UK180QXHI2NZ	3	I would like to see some sort of secure closure piece on ... I would like to see some sort of secure closure piece on future versions. The flap doesn't always close flat on my phone automatically, so I have to set my phone down upside down, which defeats the purpose of the window.  I do love the color though (although my fiance says it's old grandma color. Hah). And I like that it's thin. Time will tell on how durable it is, as I've only had it a couple days at home. As I go out and about or to work, hopefully it will hold up. :)
R1TLX55R7Z5XUR	5	Much Better Than Expected I believe this phone has what I have been looking for. It's super affordable and feels durable and hasn't caused any problems for the couple of months that I have owned it. For the price versus the specs, this phone is by far worth it and every peeny involved.
R5RZYQ544OBTQ	4	Four Stars Fits my iPhone 6 snugly.
R2AILDBUZVBAYL	4	Works great the cutouts are a little off but nothing moving ... Works great the cutouts are a little off but nothing moving it a little further to one side won't fix.
R1KUP9AH2XP3R3	5	Five Stars These are great! Have 2 of them!
R13IO1IVY8QDNR	5	Slick look. Very happy. It really allows the edge to be seen and looks really slick on this new phone. It's not very heavy either.
R3764PE440NH56	2	Two Stars What are the SPECS?  SCREEN SIZE etc.....
R1AYD01JASOD9S	5	had my plastic screen protector for a while and decided ... had my plastic screen protector for a while and decided to replace with this, as long as your screen is free of any lint or dust this protector should stick to your phone perfectly! i didn't had to squeeze any bubbles out . also the products that comes in the package really helps with the cleaning.
R2WO6ETLIVIXPL	5	Five Stars Great cables. Do their job and the right angle connectors are a plus.
R33M440KUZDPZC	5	Great Gadget! I received this type C HDTV Adapter cable, and it was great! just to specify the cable doesn't fit the 13 in MacBook. The quality of the cable is very durable, it's a definetely must have item and I highly recommend this product. I am greatful to have had purchased this item at a discounted price for my honest and unbiased review. Enjoy! (:
R2L1JIAHIUY1N1	5	Five Stars Great Product
R3BDT47JQDJQ93	3	Uncomfortable They work great, but not the most comfortable ear buds in the world. I bought them for TV watching, but have decided to only use them while mowing. Cuts down on noise and I can tolerate the discomfort for an hour while I mow.
R2P8V7VC3319FK	5	Five Stars Great little set up.  Does what it is advertised to do.
RFYWAT1E5XM25	3	Excellent Quality better than expected.  One week after i received it, I dropped my $800 Iphone 6 and not a scratch in my phone or cover. I thought being it was a plastic cover it would crack but didnt.
R2FDXEL1XQ7GDB	1	One Star The worse i've bought ever
R37PK3YC5A1REO	5	very comfortable, and can even fit my phone with a ... It's lightweight, very comfortable, and can even fit my phone with a thin case on it.
R2RYWU0LVL4XAT	5	Exceptional Bluetooth This bluetooth performs exceptionally well in all respects. 1.  Fit and comfort. Exceeds my expectations in both categories.  Bluetooth comes with three ear buds (small, medium & large).  It takes a few minutes to get the hang of putting the buds on and taking them off the bluetooth but you can then experiment with all three to find the right fit.  At first I tried to wedge it in because it did not seem reasonable to expect it to stay in unless it was wedged in.  This product is designed to sit in your ear.  You do not need to put it in like a cork.  For me it fits perfectly with the bud facing back and slightly down.  Very comfortable, I can literally leave it in all day with no discomfort.  Buds are very soft and pliable 2.  Range-excellent.  I can leave my phone plugged in and walk outdoors 3.  Sound quality. Very good. Can be used to listen to books or music but good buds or headset would be preferable for music. 4.  Battery and recharge.  Very easy to recharge with the charging station.  Recharge lasts the full 6 hours and only takes 90 minutes. 5.  Bells & Whistles.  As with other plantronics this one works with voice commands and announces callers by name from contacts Highly recommended, does not fall out of your ear and does not need to sit outside of your ear.
R2BPWYIC6PYQTE	5	Five Stars Excellent - as usual with Amazon - never been disappointed!
R8CDA5TYT9RWB	3	Three Stars Code not working
R36DA8VUVS1AAC	1	I ordered these to install in the front fairing of ... I ordered these to install in the front fairing of my Kawasaki Nomad. I wanted to see if I would get a bit more base and directed music flow as indicated in some forum posts out there. I had to trim a bit to have them fit which was OK but otherwise they did nothing to the level or change of the music. Nothing more than molded foam.
RPSS6F532AJJW	5	Awesome Product!!! Great build quality and lightweight. I love the case and cable it comes with because it makes it really portable. I charged my phone with it and even had enough power to continue charging my controller while playing games on my PS4. I might be buying a few more.
R17K3LXV8ON2ZN	4	Four Stars I haven't learned how to fully use it 😆 But this is awsome wonderfull_ th you.much thsnks
R3QA3DU3B209YG	5	Great item for the price. Just as described, light weight and did the job for my 11 year old to wear to summer camp.
R37EA0PX9XK43U	5	Five Stars it was a perfect ,great.
R2SFS943Z9SLSX	5	Great case Great case, easy to put on and take off. Nice that is flat so level app is quite accurate. It is nice having the clear back so you can see the phone itself
R3QGC6OC1RVOKI	5	Good charger Charges fast.  Minimal heating.
R1GMUZWW1XRQA	5	Five Stars I really like this product. I feel more secure handling phone.
R1IB15EP2Y094J	3	Three Stars WORKED OK!
R1MYTNBYWS7ZIU	5	Great product The nylon cable helps with that nasty problem of breakage and it's a great color! I received a discount on my order for a fair review.
R1RJLB6FXE694J	5	perfect gift Bought it as a gift to my wife for her new phone.. She loved it.. And I often see her using the pockets for cards, when she doesn't want to bring her purse
RKPCU6XORVBOY	5	These are the best I've found I've tried all sorts of bluetooth headphones for running, including some of the more expensive ones. These are the best I've found. They are extremely comfortable, the volume is more than adequate (many bluetooth headphones have volume issues), the batter life is good, and they are easy to use. I had an issue with the pair I received and I was rushed a replacement pair. It was an excellent customer experience. If you are a runner, these are perfect.
R2HZ3AE5GIY05V	4	Easy Installation and Love it!....But.... Easy Installation and Love it!  Sound quality is perfect.  HOWEVER, I have experienced the unit locking up on numerous occasion since installed less than a week ago.  It will randomly stop responding to controls.  The music continues to play and change tracks, however, I'm unable to change tracks from the handlebar controls and if it switch to another source [i.e. FM, AM] and try to switch back to CD - it won't.  Its like my radio doesn't see the unit plugged into it anymore.  If i turn the key switch to Off and then back on, I am then able to switch to CD and control the unit again.  Anyone else experience this?
R2A5R0A4BP77QI	5	Five Stars Excellent quality and 100% iPhone compatible.
R39VMB9ZPIZPED	5	Five Stars Good quality at the price.
R23214AXKS4SKA	5	Five Stars My daughter absolutely love these, they are so clear and have so many neat features she loves.
R1HELYG7YWA5LI	5	Five Stars Fits perfect....just hard to put it on
R3ZZ4ZMEVUVTZ	1	Froget it if you use Iphone or Mac . Does not work with iphone 4 OS7 or mac )S 10.8 .
R3RTLYUGYOHTHE	5	Five Stars This was a great buy, have one shorter cable and one longer cable, gives me me more uses.
R1YK3MPYT5XLWU	5	Buttery smooth, and pretty tough. I seriously love this thing. If you're worried about the friction added by some screen protectors, look no further. This protector is buttery smooth. I haven't compared to the phone's bare glass, but switched to this protector from a softer plastic protector (which came free with my phone). I couldn't be happier with the improvement (and I wasn't expecting it to be so noticeable). And unlike with the other protector, I don't see any signs of scratching (even after a few weeks, the old one was looking sorry--better than scratches on the phone's glass of course).  This works with the [[ASIN:B00I3UWEIA Galaxy S5 Case, Spigen Slim Armor Case for Galaxy S5 - Electric Blue (SGP10753)]], there's only a slight gap between the protector and the case, so coverage is also pretty good.  Note that this is a flexible but fairly hard plastic material, I believe &#34;ballistic glass&#34; is a synthetic (real glass is too rigid to stand up to much punishment).  When mounting, I suggest lining it up with the screen protector's backing still in place. Use scotch tape to attach the bottom edge of the screen protector to the bottom of the phone, lift the protector off from the top (without disturbing the tape, or else it might become misaligned), do any additional wiping/cleaning, then remove the backing and lower it back into place.  Update 1/12/2017: I've been using these regularly for awhile now. They've cracked a couple of times, probably saving my screen from being damaged, and I'm on my third one now. I drop my phone a lot, sometimes multiple times a day (usually from just a couple of feet off the ground). These screen protectors plus the Spigen case have kept things mostly protected, although one bad fall put a ding in the bottom bezel (which is not touched by this screen protector).
R3AEQEV7NQM69K	5	Five Stars Fantastic Value
R3UCKGQMOCJRGC	4	Four Stars Good quality
RCPBXC9AHSLVN	5	Five Stars Very pleased
R1AGZIGHQDSNSJ	4	will buy again Good product. I drop my iPhone all the time, so far it has protected my phone about 20 times!!! Not bulky & not ugly to look at!
RWYA1GW3D0CEL	2	Not wild about this product. After being in the ... Not wild about this product.  After being in the sun for a few hours, it appeared the panels began to delaminate.
R3J68W6NJNV2KQ	2	I would have given 5 stars the beginning, however ... I would have given 5 stars the beginning, however now I can not use them. Whether I am on the phone or listening to music, all I hear are muffled sounds. I had to order a different brand. Plus these don't stay in your ear all that well
R2DF1OH2UFDBAU	3	I am very happy with my purchase and would recommend this brand for ... I'm loving this handlebar holder. It fits perfectly. I am very happy with my purchase and would recommend this brand for other phones as well.  Update: After almost TWO MONTHS of road use this phone holder broke off its base. I guess the normal road vibrations just took a toll on this holder. I am going to have to take away 2 stars. What a shame. I really liked this thing!
R1AZDX8FZI05LP	5	Nice low profile adaptor with two USB connectors This low profile power adaptor provides two USB connectors so we can charge two phones, phone and iPad, etc.  I like the low profile -- when you don't have anything plugged into it the cover on the power plug folds down almost closed (I have another non-low profile adaptor and it sticks out of the power plug like a short hot dog)
R1VP55OAYBI52J	5	So obviously I want more to share this awesome little device with peoe I love I bought my Jawbone Up Move at Costco. I went back to buy another for a friend And 2 for my daughters! So obviously I want more to share this awesome little device with peoe I love.  Love that I don't need to charge it. My fit bit was a pain in the butt to charge and wasn't accurate when the battery was low. I also love the app for reminders and advice. Don't LOVE the food tracker but I am truly using this for the activity monitor. Keeps you aware of just how active we really are - and you can also move more if you see you are low for a days goal.
R1U2VHUTZ2DG3D	4	Four Stars Pretty & Sparkly
R1ZWO0X6YWAG1U	4	like a mic at karaoke night Bought back in April.  Yes occasionally it does make high pitch noise, like a mic at karaoke night, but it is not often and it does stop on its own. Yes, it is a BIG case, but the iphone6+ is a BIG phone!  Yes, the rubber nubs that close off the charger and headphone areas are a pain in the butt and it is best to open them using the little chili pepper thing that comes with the case. Yes, they eventually broke off, so the phone is no longer waterproof. Yes, I have dropped it at least 7 times while in this case, No it has not suffered any damage during this time. Yes, the stand broke off last month, so it only lasted around 4 months of constant open close use. Yes, the chili pepper clastic thing is stupid, but it does work as intended, and i have had it tied to the core that it came with to hang off the corner. No, i have not lost the chili pepper this whole time. NO, it does not easily slide out of your pocket, front or back. Again, i think the phone size is more of an issue there, that the case. YES, you can use the thumbprint option, and it does work well, until month 4, it has started to wrinkle up and it takes a few tries to get it to read your print now. Can't give it a 5 since it is falling apart now, but giving it a 4 because it was $30 and it has lasted almost 6mo and has protected my phone form falls.
R39OYUIKZSQHN8	4	Good value in this space work well although no instructions
R3SFC1JNUQZ5FC	5	Five Stars Works great
R3QHKFCLUDI2OE	4	Mehh Would be 5 stars but the case is already lifting from the seal
R1WLIHKHGO1INC	4	almost perfect This is by far the best selfie stick I've come across.  It's very well constructed and easy to use.  I had just one failure.  The small coil spring that clamps the phone keeper slipped off its perch.  I haven't been able to retrieve it.  However, I found that rubber band is a easy fix.
R1QT6FB0ZAOVK1	5	Five Stars great product
R2CYF9NMH2IKCP	1	One Star Horrible
R1YRHRJUF72P67	5	Five Stars Excellent product and value!
R3U22O4V3HD212	5	Five Stars Works.
R3LMA9URSTZKZN	5	Ravpower Products For Everyone To purchase And Use. Received product and it was exactly as described. The charger is well made and very easy to use. I am very pleased with my purchase. This is one of my 3 Ravpower products. I have never been disappointed with how well they work.
R14ASERECS4KQX	5	It charges quickly and I get 3-4 phone charges from it. I wish I would have bought 2 of these now. It charges quickly and I get 3-4 phone charges from it.
RXLF6RKPN5ZI9	4	Four Stars good
R2B2PEJCS99X2L	2	gets dirty very quickly and unable to Flimsy back...hard to get the case on my phone...gets dirty very quickly and unable to clean
R1HMMWWHHUT6DP	5	Five Stars Great little walkie talkies for the prrice. It will go through batteries pretty fast.
R3OAEVIAQXTFR3	5	Good quality A bit bulky (interfering with the view out the windshield) but works as promised.
RTING9SS2USOS	5	Works as advertised Solved my issue of charging my iPad, personal and work cell phone without a powerstrip. I Velcroed the PowerPort to the back of my nightstand and with some cable management, works perfectly and looks great without wires freely hanging everywhere.
R1XE2KS551SQ58	5	Love it's sturdiness! ! Definitely  the best choice . A great product at a great price!!
R23Q6Z3HONXOR7	4	I'd buy it again! I've had this case for 2 months. I've taken it out the case at most 2x. I love this case its durable and it's saved my phone from many drops. It has a smooth backing to it. It will slide off all surfaces when placed on its back. The silicone piece does grip to some surfaces when phone is placed face down. I haven't lost any of the diamonds and the color hasn't gotten darker from wear and tear. My only down side is I already need to replace it because the silicone has stretched out. I wish the hard plastic wasn't just covering the sides because it may have prevented the top and bottom from stretching out so much. The stretching does cause the phone to loosen out of the phone case all together, which in turn has made me have to take my phone out and put the case back on correctly more often. Annoying! I guess 2 months of durability and low cost out weights the slow painful death of my precious phone case.
RUM4BREDBAYDH	5	Five Stars 100% satisfaction
RTN25QDDBVZIN	5	Five Stars Great deal and fast delivery!
R3SX24EXHSCCUR	4	Baby's first iPhone I didn't end up using it in the rain, but my niece got a hold of it and it is the perfect mock phone for a baby!
R1JO7ZWEANDIO	5	Durable case.  Has good charge and protects from drops. Durable case.  Has good charge and protects from drops.
R3B05PJM6W9ZUP	4	Four Stars It works
R35EGVLLU8QORG	5	Five Stars Awesome
R1BETQG9F1859N	5	Very pleased with this transaction Works perfectly! Very pleased with this transaction.
R1G3DGTV8YZOJG	5	Five Stars Very good.
R1BL5XY5P5T4XF	3	Very well made It's very well made but not that easy for me to put on.  I have arthritis so that may be the problem.
ROYVYVCH5CEY1	3	Three Stars Love many of its features however it is slow and so are the downloads with it.
R2SW8SHSX63HG	5	Five Stars EXCELENT!!!!
R3SK0RPSQQ9TO3	5	Five Stars Great Little Product for the price.
R17R5XZG0331IY	4	good head set great sound quality; hold a charge;  not the most comfortable ear piece.
RH2J0DYJ5620Y	5	like it. Outstanding iPhone,like it.!
R3C24UGIFG2LW1	5	Nice Lightning Cables Worked as promised. I had one go bad and the seller did a great job of replacing it, no questions asked. A nice change from $20 Apple cables.
RTC4IF35N2X3M	5	Great love it! fits perfectly.
RFT0F1G1NCBD9	4	Four Stars good
R22N03VVUMECER	5	Looks great, can barely tell the film is there Looks great, can barely tell the film is there.  Haven't dropped my phone yet so unsure of the protective qualities.
R34RZWTK5SV9OU	5	Excellent reception, and clear sound I used the phone in India.Right size to carry around and needed no alterations.Excellent reception,and clear sound. Used for a month and quite happy with it.
R19X212Q910QO4	5	... for a trip to the UK and was very happy we did Bought this for a trip to the UK and was very happy we did.  Found a lot of the hotel rooms didn't haven't outlets near the bed so it was very handy to be able to charge with the external battery.  We have also found it extremely useful back in the states.  My husband likes to cycle and he uses it on his long bike rides since the Map my ride app drains his Iphone 5 battery pretty quickly.  It is on the larger side but that has not been a problem for us at all.  Our family loves it and my daughter just asked if she can have one for Christmas.  If size and weight aren't an issue for you I highly recommend this one.  For us, having more charges was more important than having a compact external battery.
R2V9LEEPD7G6FM	5	Definitely recommend Best case I have ever owned. Completely protects your phone from breaking due to shocks. I have literally dropped my phone a million times and this case does not fail at keeping me protected. Sincerely thankful.
R2CYUS4NB89ZYI	5	it isn't smooth like someone actually painted the thing and tiny frozen paint ... 5 stars ONLY because I want to be heard. DONT buy this case because it is not as shown in the picture. In this picture the florals color is hightened but when u received the package it's not. It's light and pale. Also, it isn't smooth like someone actually painted the thing and tiny frozen paint is stuck on it. It's a waste of money. Don't buy this!
R3E107HWYO57D7	4	I loved its protection Very cute case, I loved its protection . The only thing I didn't like is the charger doesn't fit in the phone with the case on.
R37I3PW77AXFR9	5	Five Stars awesome quality night light for this price point...
R1UL28QPD7TVVH	5	Great seller, great product Arrived on time and as described. Great product, thank you so much!
RXLEN7IA1YKAI	5	Five Stars Fits description
R1ZMTHL3JF2JR	5	I really enjoy this radio I really enjoy this radio. but the down fall is that I don't know how to program this radio. The price is great, and it's great for airsoft games or any other activities.
R18WCND1BEZB5B	4	Works great Plastic gets a little ruffled but still has great touch sensitivity!
R378LYBNWYEQWX	4	Four Stars Very great case, fits perfectly and looks nice and sleek.
R1G8BAF22DCY8V	1	Incompatible cord none of the 3 cords I received work with my iPhone 5.  No other cords I own have issues. This happens with all 3 iPhone 5 in my house. Too bad
R6Y43QH2HK6ZG	5	He is very satisfied. Son wanted this to replace his broken phone. He is very satisfied.
R1S8BHJW26INFO	5	Five Stars Just what I expected - works perfectly
R21HSSXIJ04QCX	1	Waste of money This car charger would not charge my iPhone 6. It said accessory not compatible with this device on my screen then I plugged it in and it wouldn't charge.
RKBWSBXEJJJOZ	1	This otterbox was a lifesaver but it broke late week ... This otterbox was a lifesaver but it broke late week when I wad just touching the rubber part. I was barely touching it and it snapped. I can't return it or replace it because the 30 days have passed :(
R108UFSUJBM41M	1	Broke after 2 weeks The metal bit that charges the ipad, snapped off in the ipad, about 2 weeks after we bought it.
R1PPFQARWCZTQ5	5	Five Stars Such a clean and professional looking case. And holds up extremely well.
R2GDRE8WL8WUZ0	2	Two Stars Did not fit my phone securely especially around the point for recharging phone.
R28LS92LGAFDWR	5	Five Stars So far these cables work well!
R2E0WC8K601OTZ	5	Five Stars Beyond my expection
R16CW6GIF2ZE21	5	This was the perfect upgrade to my Aux cord mess This was the perfect upgrade to my Aux cord mess.  This device paired easily with my iPhone and the sound quality is a notch better than I expected.  The controls have a nice form factor.  The buttons can be identified by feel, which is important while driving.  I was so impressed that I bought a second one for my other car.  Great value.
R29QYQRHHMAJK6	5	Five Stars They work great!!! The price is fantastic....
RXH6TMVUL0V90	1	had great battery life loved magnetic heads Would have given this item 5 stars, had great battery life loved magnetic heads!! However, headphones quit working right at 37 day. They no longer charge or power on.
R1NOVDL8STL0EL	5	Cool Case Great way to store headset !! plus it charges !! COOL
R1HVLZ9XG5XC0X	2	Two Stars It wasnt the same color in the picture it's more green if any thing.
R3BO3DMSAVZZR5	3	Caution: This is One Unit Looks good. Sturdy product, but don't expect to receive 3 different &#34;parts&#34; to this item, one of which is totally useless as the pocket opens but cannot hold anything. The space to hold the phone is so &#34;roomy&#34; that the phone can easily slip out and fall to the ground because there is nothing to hold it in place. In short, the photos are very deceptive, each one is taken at a different angle - everything is one unit. Clever marketing, anyway.
R3TOMVO8W9R0CW	1	One Star LG It worked OK but it need glue to make everything work right
R3K9C9HDVD6W2U	1	One Star ripoff
R19237XF8E1U8O	5	This was so easy to put on and fit my perfect This was so easy to put on and fit my perfect! I have been using it a couple months now and really like it. I have not dropped my phone with it on so I don't know how the protection in that way will be, I'm hopinh good. I had dropped my phone three time before I put this on it. I think maybe it had made my phone easier to grip. Does take up more room in my pocket but that's ok.
RELM1RNTB1P1	2	does not work will take it up with the seller ... does not work  will take it up with the seller.
RLWZWJVS37573	2	Two Stars There are better priced, more user-friendly products available relative to this product.
R11B9NYMKG24M9	4	The Maxboost website has a great video for how to install and the product included ... My previous glass screen protector (from another company) was put on my phone at the ATT store.  I was afraid that I would mess up if I attempted to change the screen protector myself.  The one I bought at the store would've cost over $30 if it had not been for my credit.  I was weary about purchasing a cheap glass screen protector. This screen protector has exceeded my expectations.  The Maxboost website has a great video for how to install and the product included everything needed.  Hopefully it last a while.
RN0LTGSIIY1X6	3	I would recommend buying a bigger size Battery life doesn't last long. I would recommend buying a bigger size.
RBQ6EVU3MFZ4Z	5	Love it Charges 3 phones at rated speeds simultaneously. I charge my Moto X, iphone 5s, and zenfone 2 all with this adapter and it works great. It gets slightly warm put when putting out that much wattage you can't really expect it to not heat up a bit. I recommend this so much I bought two.
R1EKDOI2K3VKA5	3	Three Stars thanks
R29PGJWOG1B2RM	5	Five Stars Great cords
R3HYYGE2TA4LPZ	5	Better then expected Great holder for my LG G Vista. Very durable and protective. Great price.
R259FY3LT9KG54	5	Five Stars good
R1T7TTURFS6J1A	1	NOT Standard Size Plug Just because there is no option for &#34;zero&#34; stars.  Like so many others here, I mistakenly assumed that a product labeled &#34;Perfect For: MP3 Players/Portable DVD Players/Mobile Media Managers&#34; would actually be compatible with those products. Nothing, repeat, NOTHING that I have has a 2.5mm earphone receptacle. Now I'm stuck with this piece of crap, because returning it costs more than the refund.
R3GVAGI93OTFRY	2	Don't try to readjust! It breaks! This works great, until you try to readjust it. Then the protector cracks. Overall if you can get the screen on well in one shot I recommend this, especially since the protector has a good 'feel' when on.
R2S77RX5X0WGV5	1	One Star Scratched very easy
R35151VT2Q34DG	3	its okay!!! or my arms are too ... its okay!!! or my arms are too thick for it !!!  I would give it 5 stars if it was for women or someone with thin arms.
R1WEP62JQ7BUU9	3	Works well enough for what I use it for (spare/backup phone) but has a number of annoyances. Works well enough for what I use it for (spare/backup phone) but has a number of annoyances.  Good: Solid construction, nice textured back for grip. Call quality seems okay. I don't use any of the other features like games, camera, bluetooth, etc so can't really comment on those. Battery life is great. Very small/portable, easy to throw in a spare pocket.  Meh: -Phone makes three loud beeps every few minutes when the battery is low, even on silent mode as far as I can tell. Haven't found a way to turn this off. --Web browser button on the main screen with no way to disable it. Could see myself accidentally hitting this and eating up prepaid minutes. Tracfone's data is pretty expensive.  Bad:  -The &#34;flip&#34; part of the flip phone snaps closed very quickly and forcefully and have more than once pinched my thumb in the top corners of the phone when trying to close it with one hand. -Tracfone charges you fractions of minutes for text messages, but only if you actually open them on the phone. On this particular phone, it shows you the sender number (or name if you have them in your contacts list) but *not* what time the message was received without opening the text message and incurring the minute deduction. I use this phone as a secondary phone where text messages are sent to both my tracfone and my email account, and a lot of times it's difficult to tell if the messages that end up on my phone are new or not (may have already read them on my email). Have wasted prepaid minutes finding this out. -Occasionally advertisements for extra minutes will be sent to your phone as messages. These look like text messages at first and your phone will vibrate/make a noise, but when you open them they're a special type of message and you're not charged minutes for reading them. But still annoying when the phone makes you think you have a text message and it's actually just a Tracfone advertisement.
RYP20NKB2X4QU	5	Five Stars Great quality.
R12JMX1V4KWNBJ	1	One Star Wasn't worth it.
RUQI8RN52Q0RK	4	First one was a dud.  Customer service was top notch... Update: 9/10/2015  A replacement was shipped by the seller unprompted. The replacement functions as it should.  This seller stands behind their product.  I feel confident that the initial unit I received was defective.  worked for one charge.  Now it will add about 4% to my Samsung s5 and it is dead.  Look elsewhere.
R2M42WJRMTWPXE	5	This is an essential if you have a Garmin, particularly for safety If you buy a Garmin, you have to buy this too.  Period.  YOU NEED THIS.  Ignore your innate desire to save money.  I had a Garmin before and balked at spending so much extra money on top of an already expensive purchase.  I thought the included mount (the type that sticks on the windshield) would be perfectly sufficient.  I was very, very WRONG.  This is not just a preference; it is a matter of safety.  The windshield mounts do not work reliably enough.  They fall off all the time, no matter how well you attach them.  I had finally gotten mine to stick and then was driving on a crowded highway when the mount suddenly came loose and tumbled right at me.  Potentially, this could have caused a major accident; luckily, I only swerved slightly as a result.  However, that incident scared me and convinced me to invest in a good mount.  Frankly, I also felt that if I had spent so much on the Garmin itself, all that money would be wasted if the Garmin committed suicide by breaking free from a windshield mount.  This particular mount is very easy to attach to the Garmin and also comes off easily when you need to take the Garmin inside for updating.  It has enough weight to it that even when you swerve suddenly because of an idiot on the road, the Garmin doesn't budge.  It's also nice being able to shift it around a bit depending on where the sun is shining in.  I think the safety considerations alone make this worth the expense, but the additional convenience and ease of use make it an even better purchase.
R3KE36HKNKGIYO	5	Best rated screen protector on the market wish I could give 10 stars best screen protector ever way better then the cheap plastic sheets we have all been using I will buy one of these for all my needs (phones ,tablets Ipads )
RTSZE197AGLEY	5	Five Stars Excellent
R6RWTJVJAAJXW	3	Not bad but not good either. 5 for 99 cent!  They are a good value for what you pay. But I no longer buy cheap screen covers.  Spend a little more and get a nice glass one.
R206A11KXOJQK8	5	Worked great and saved us lots of money as Verizon did ... Worked great and saved us lots of money as Verizon did not carry replacement battery for our phones. Would have cost us New phones.
R2OPMS2111QLDR	2	Eh. It said it wouldn't bubble. It did.
R2L6BEQFRPUMG9	4	Great concept, love having all the different cord styles ... Great concept, love having all the different cord styles all in 1 convenient cord. Took this traveling and it was so easy to charge our devices. My only grip is when 2 devices were plugged the charge was slow for one or not charging at all until the other device was fully charged. Wish you could charge multiple devices quickly at once but besides that I love it.
R27BEW0ATH2XT4	1	Did not work...Had to return! Did not work right out of the package. Had some dirt stuck to the micro usb port. Had to return......Very disappointing!
R3J5NBMEI4R0SK	5	Mommy doesn't need a glass of wine, I need a calm vibe I have been using the vibe for awhile now and I love it. It doesn't feel overpowering or impairing like energy drinks or alcohol or rx meds. I don't enjoy the side effects of either and tend to stay far away from them. Which is super important to me bc I am a stay at home mom trying to keep up with some really rambunctious kids but also keep my sanity. Sure, after a really long day with crabby toddlers I slap a calm strip on and feel like I have been sent to cloud 9. No glass of wine can do this, and I am so happy it's my own body's response rather than alcohol destroying my body. I leave the settings at 50% bc much higher I get the tingle feeling in my scalp. Otherwise, no issues. This thing is awesome!
R3SKNGH215ZCB5	4	Great Case but those with Ceramic White Back Beware! Great looking case!  Fits great and sticks out about an inch past the screen to provide plenty of protection in the case of a drop.  UPDATE: Revising to 4 stars because I have the Ceramic White back and there are small but visible &#34;polka dots&#34; that make the phone appear dirty (see photo).  Apparently all the clear cases do this but just a warning to those with the Ceramic White case.
R236NIP2NJ6KOS	5	Best charger ever I have been using this continuously for several weeks and am completely satisfied. This is a very high quality product. It doesn't heat up at all even when charging all devices simultaneously which include multiple I phone models, and multiple I pad models. It charges fast even when all devices are connected. It is hands down the best charger I have ever owned.
R37OPDQPXRPJH2	4	It is very safe and easy to install It is very safe and easy to install, comes with a clear instruction, plus all the elements to make a good installation; I did not like it a bit smaller than the monitor, and it was difficult to correct if you put evil.It is seen to be very strong, and will prevent scratches and falls.
R2GQXQ6NICRULI	5	Five Stars excelent
R3HW49IMBYN5H8	5	Five Stars Works great!
R30AOT2OOT69XB	1	One Star Did not work for me. My iPhone kept falling.
RJYK0MDI0GB8N	5	AA++++++ Thank you so much super fast delivery. Only took 2 day to get to my house.... and works gr8
R2V3MK8DPE5CIN	1	One Star Didn't work.
R373DR121UYLC4	1	waste of time!!! If you work out and sweat daily then these overpriced earbuds are not for you. I did not get mine from Amazon I got mine from Best Buy with a 2 year extended warranty and that was only a month and a half ago and they've broken on me twice already I feel like I spend more time driving to Best Buy then working out!
ROVTF1WFCJB5P	5	Good phone for West Africa ordered for colleague in West Africa, he seems to be enjoying it
R2OYYQYYN28T6Q	5	Five Stars Strong magnet, simple to use. Material made of metal and plastic, well made overall.
RMRJS4XH9HRIO	5	Five Stars Excellent product. Arrived quickly, setup was extremely easy and quality is clear. Using LG G3.
R3U3GFT5I0SDPK	4	... first I didn't think this case would be too good at keeping water out but boy was I wrong At first I didn't think this case would be too good at keeping water out but boy was I wrong. Works just as it should and item was exactly what was described. I gave this case 4 stars instead of 5 because you can't use earphones while the case is on. That is the only negative I could find about this case.  Also, I was sent this case at a discounted price in exchange for an honest review. Definitely recommend.
R3VS1F2ZPBWQKC	5	Five Stars ok
R2NGAWPBS2KILN	5	great price and fast As described, great price and fast shipping
R1CBFKU34PK47Z	5	Five Stars Note 3 and it works great
RVHIFK4DJ2DN4	4	looks nice on her phone Bought it for my girlfriend and she uses it all the time, looks nice on her phone.
R2IEPJGDLH5Z3V	1	One Star Broke within two days and got stuck in my phone
RVH7ZRC7QZGPD	3	Three Stars Not very compatible with iPad1
RQXZ9Z477MH0D	5	Awesome! Saved my Nexus 7 from being discontinued. Awesome! Saved my Nexus 7 from being discontinued.
R1W5GI7ZAPHEB6	5	Five Stars thank you so much
R1NCN9B6Z70VQN	5	Five Stars Just as exoevted
R355D7Y6YVTGIA	4	Four Stars good
R1132GROEETCR5	5	Five Stars Very Satisfied!
R2KGO7T83CYNOV	3	I suppose) then this case would be a pretty good case Case did protext against a fall or two, but it is too flimsy and sticks too much to be functional in someone who wears jeans that fit them.  If you wore some 90s jncos, (or had a purse, I suppose) then this case would be a pretty good case.  I am keeping it as a stand-by.
R2ZOWDIATDIUBU	5	Great case! This case is awesome, full protection at a fraction of the cost
RHFUXS71G8747	5	These cables arrived in easy to open packaging and was simple to assembly I received these in exchange for my honest review.  They arrived promptly and as described.  These cables arrived in easy to open packaging and was simple to assembly.  My IPhone 6 didn't have a problem connecting and charging with these cables.  They are thicker than some of the less expensive models I've owned in the past.  Love it and would recommend it to anyone.
R2QNPAQ0BXR31M	5	The phone looked and worked good as new The WeFix website had many tutorials.  It took some time but I was able to fix it.  There was one small piece which I couldn't figure out but I saw it in another video on the website.  After that everything went well.  The phone looked and worked good as new.
RIBJ1PV9D8NA6	3	Three Stars The stuff that I received was a great
R2WXWSOE0M460A	5	Five Stars Still working good. I think this one is better quality than what samsung uses.
R2EK77R7S8G8AQ	2	Two Stars The top and bottom don't stay hooked together.
R9JDACWS2ZHQR	5	Love it! Works as advertised. Very convenient.
R5TCR514FS3EL	5	Five Stars Very good design and much cheaper than you can find in Apple Store.
R2AIBZXGPDOO0G	5	Five Stars Great case! Thank you!
RRWCMHT2I1NPF	5	Five Stars Great. Love it. Thank you.
R1J5DYITLJX4XU	5	Five Stars This case fit perfectly and it was easy to put on. I love it.
R2ALKTI7VEH0DY	5	You won't be disappointed. It's the real deal.  Don't settle for a cheap charger that last two months.  This one does not flicker or lose connection.  You won't be disappointed.
R1W04KAG2GJ90Z	5	Great charger for a family with numerous electronic devices I bought this desktop charger for a cruise that our family took. The cruise line did not allow power strips, so this desktop charger worked perfectly and replaced the multitude of chargers in our home after the cruise. We use the charger for all our devices; iPhone 6, iPhone 4, Kindle Fire and Nook.
R30QHIZML4TFH0	1	Cables failed Two of the three cables failed to function within one month.  Not recommended.
R2ISAPJMTU1PW5	5	Good protection against drops Yeah it fits perfect adds great cushion if your phone drops and lands on it's corners or back, you should invest in a sturdy shock absorbant screen protector also
RCVOYZZCEEGL3	4	Four Stars fits true but can't use any other case on the top of it.
R3W55K8X7ULX7G	4	Great to find a battery for this old phone (I ... Great to find a battery for this old phone (I don't want to upgrade), but the new batt does not hold a charge as long as I would expect from a new batt.
R256DT2FNM3647	2	I had thought these were going to be great chargers for our phones and tablet I had thought these were going to be great chargers for our phones and tablet.  They aren't that great. I'm disappointed with them. They just don't charge or they charge mega slow. But for the price I paid, I guess I can't complain. I will say this though, delivery was fast and efficient.
R2FX2S9IVOOE4Q	5	thumbs up ive had these before i love them
R2J24PHU8VG05E	5	I love my new iPhone case I love my new iPhone case, it's exactly what I wanted. Delivery was so fast, I would recommend Amazon to my family & friends ❤️
R21PQ9MRNWVFDP	5	Five Stars Ok!!!
R3DJ72C0Q25J7K	5	Ballistic Cases Kick Ass This is the second phone I've purchased a Ballistic case for and they are great.
R3KINUOME76YLB	5	Five Stars Wife likes it.
R6W0GAOITS4CH	3	great concept The concept is great, but this case did not hold together very well. I bought it for my daughter and she had it a little over a month and it started coming apart at the seams and the plastic piece that actually holds the phone broke.
R1L2MKYC5C8YNC	5	good product delivered on time good product at a great price
R1XX9B5V9Z137M	1	Very disappointed. This was likely a counterfeit item Very disappointed.  This was likely a counterfeit item.  I bought 2 batteries. One could not hold a charge for more than a couple hours. The other had only about 70% capacity of a regular battery and a self discharge rate that made it unusable as backup.  I am disappointed with Amazon on this purchase.
RMWEOD74WBLQG	1	Terrible pieceo f junk Terrible pieceo f junk. Has never worked to actually charge a phone. Phone will occasionally make a 'hissing' sound when it seems like it is lining up with the device to charge. Battery level does not increase. Attempted to charge Nexus 5, 6, & 7 with the device and none would charge.  Avoid this.
R2MUNCXNVRNAYE	5	Five Stars a very good case for the price range.
RI4VGEPYRPF1Z	5	Saved my phones mulitple times - cheaper than a repair! Bought 7 for whole family friends!  My son dropped his phone TWICE - cracked the screen..  This effectively &#34;fixes&#34; the phone - just replace the top screen and this product helps &#34;squeeze&#34; the crack shut...
R1VKA547FR1PIR	5	looked like the picture shown on amazon Arrived on time, looked like the picture shown on amazon. No issues
R3U3N8YL4SU0LA	3	... not work as expected - but the company was awesome to work with The item did not work as expected - but the company was awesome to work with!!
R2PC689JEGF5HG	3	Ok Case. The case is OK. Didnt feel great and added unwanted girth to the phone.
R3FO98YSLF1MT6	5	Five Stars A very good cable.....works for both Samsung an and my iPhone. ..best
R3MFM81VFYD3HC	1	don't love it it didn't fit perfectly, my volume button doesn't work properly. It adjust on its on the volume and when I press on it it dosent work to turn up only to turn down.
R3OF2CADLSHQOW	5	Great Just as described A+
R2PHU62V1BHNYC	5	THE LARGE NUMBERS MAKE IT EASY TO USE AND THE RING TONE IS VERY LOUD GOT THIS PHONE FOR MY MOTHER AND SHE LOVES IT.THE LARGE NUMBERS MAKE IT EASY TO USE AND THE RING TONE IS VERY LOUD.SHE ALSO LIKES THE HANDY LCD LIGHT WHICH SHE USES TO GO OUTSIDE TO LET OUT THE DOGS AT NIGHT.IT'S RUBBERIZED BODY MAKES IT EASY TO GRIP,AND IT FEELS VERY STURDY.
R1LF0VCABWD6P	5	Excellent stand that looks good on my desk I have to say I am a bit impressed at the solid construction of this aluminum stand. It has a sturdy feel to it. It is adjustable for angle, making it easily viewable on my desk whether I place it on the low portion of the desk, or up higher near my monitor. The adjustment button is solid and holds well so it will not fall. The rubber feet give it good traction. It is painted with an &#34;Apple like&#34; color and texture so while it does not match my IMac perfectly, it is close enough where it does not look out of place next to my monitor.  The only negative is that I cannot charge my IPhone 6Plus or IPad while it is sitting upright on this stand. I can turn the device sideways while it charges. If there was room to have the cable attached while sitting upright this stand would be perfect for me. Yes, that is a minor issue, but this is a review so I am just stating my thoughts. Overall this is a great product.  Sample provided for review purposes.
R2EAPCIAHEPQW5	5	Five Stars Love it color AWESOME  :) :) :)
R27WL9ZJ8VH58K	5	Five Stars Love this case!  It fits my Samsung S6 great.
R1XY4XFGHR06MM	2	It is a very cute phone case with a really nice design, but if you're going for something that ... Phone case is very thin. It also is very smooth which makes it hard to not drop it every time I pick it up. It is a very cute phone case with a really nice design, but if you're going for something that is both cute and durable, I wouldn't recommend this.
R16BOYCT8AAUL5	5	Five Stars Great case, love the design.
R2QQLZM2CPYKPK	4	No Uber App functionality as of August 31, 2015 I love the phone except it doesn't have UBER app functionality as of  August 31, 2015. (I tried the mobile web version, but it doesn't work.  Error message says to download the app.)  Hopefully this comes soon, but for now I'm stranded.  I will update my review as soon as I find a solution.  I might be close.  I tried using the mobile website recently and it might be working.  I will verify as soon as possible (9/4/2015)  To research this issue, search for mobilityarena article uber-app-for-android-not-working-any-more-on-bb10.
R26LM8ROUFODR	1	One Star Didn't work as I expected. Hard to figure out charging and back up usage.
R2I97QBQLUV4TO	5	Five Stars Very impressed with this product. The sound quality is great
R1254J7QE8VB2F	5	It works great. Shipment was prompt and no problems The phone cover was purchased with the need of having more grip for my not so nimble fingers. It works great. Shipment was prompt and no problems. It serves my need very well.
RFHD13DZ81VZB	5	Don't Judge A Charger By Its Look. This mini-sized car charger can go along way! Being so accustomed to see chargers that are quite large - when I opened the package I was quite surprised by its size. And quickly asked myself how can a charger so small in size have all the functions that a normal larger charger has?   The ALBK Car Charger is quite sleek and professional in its design and is extremely light in weight - enough to fit in your pocket without even noticing. At the same time, having two ports with this mini gadget is extremely helpful as often times my family and I would struggle with the charge on our phones whilst travelling long distances - due to the shortage of chargers. I occasionally tend to use my phone quite often so this charger comes extremely handy especially due to having the fastest charging speed of 2.4A. This charger can also charge quite a variety of products including (iPhone, iPad, iPod, Samsung, HTC,Nokia Smartphone,Sony,BlackBerry). Another added bonus is that this charger is extremely safe as it turns off automatically when the charge is complete.  The question then arises? Why bother investing much into those huge chunky charges which take much of the room - when you get this charger which has speed, durability, compactness in size, safety, and convenience for a very affordable price! I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
R28QM72VBDZTQT	5	Five Stars Good product
R37VU04AVZV9R7	1	Did not work. Did not work.
R3AFIYSYUDXMW9	5	Easy To Do Radio Wiring Harness My husband is very pleased with this Radio Wire Harness. It simplifies the wiring of his radio in his new truck and he is happy with the ease of doing so. Highly recommend for the beginner wiring process.
R249XLWBOAK4BK	4	Four Stars yes
R1H6TIDQ3MBL9U	5	Klutz Approved This case is great! It fits perfectly and is super durable. I am a terrible klutz but this case is withstanding my life style with ease. Not too bulky either.
R15QJBGVV7NTDB	5	Five Stars I love it, just ordered a new one today.
R16VVVGJVQF7MI	5	Five Stars Works perfectly
R3O7JSKZ7UGSCS	3	Very wobbly but fixable under the right circumstances I use this for a Galaxy Note Pro 12 and it does fit fine.  The only issue is that, once properly mounted and the tablet inserted, this thing wobbles around like nobody's business. It was very distracting at first and I contemplating returning it.  But then  figured on ways to minimize or eliminate the unwanted motion.  I situated the tablet mount next to the center console on my 2015 Toyota Tundra so that the tablet itself is wedged in between it and the A/C controls.  That did the trick.  Not sure if that would work on other vehicles, perhaps i was lucky. I didn't try the Galaxy Note 10, but I imagine the wobbliness would be the same. The issue is the bendable neck, while very very rigid and challenging to form, has lots of flex and with the tablet inserted the whole thing becomes very top heavy and rocks back and forth while driving -- it was too annoying.  I'm going to keep it though since it appears to be working out fine now with the &#34;fix&#34;.  If you situate this freestanding, it will wobble.  Another idea I had was to bolt the neck down with a curved metal strap against the center console side.  That would have worked too but it was unnecessary after I discovered the wedge trick.  Update:  I bought the i-Blason case for my Note 12.2 and this mount holds it with that case on no problem.  So no issues with side there!
RXT4HQE79C4VG	4	Excellent quality that doesn't break the bank! Easy to put on the phone. Love the smooth texture that allows it to easily slide into my pocket, but allows no slipping from my hand. So far a very protective case.
RTZCI2K40XPEH	2	Horrible quality do not buy Horrible quality do not buy. Armband feels like its going to rip when applied on arm. Does not stay put.
R24J0A86UNK2V0	5	Compatible with iPhone ! As of today, this watch is compatible with the iPhone. Download Android Wear for IOS from the Apple App Store and pair! Enjoy!
R1GWXGKC9YML0	5	Five Stars Great!
R1XWPPVGFXWXTC	5	cool device. This influence bank is justified regardless of the cash you spent. I utilize it to charge my iphone 5s and it effectively charges it 2.5 times before getting depleted out. The DUAL USB Feature helps me to charge two gadgets together. Sunlight based Charging Facility can be made utilization when emmergency, cool device.
R2SQFJF8AV6CKZ	5	Five Stars Love wearing them around the house while I work or while I mow the yards!
R1AOVSC3Q06LWG	5	and the perfect size. Its not as diesel as it looks Case fits perfectly. Speaker ports were already cut out, and the perfect size. Its not as diesel as it looks, but its an ok case for the price. The holster clip is surprisingly strong as well
R2UV2FCQZBQSON	4	Four Stars I like it because it has a perfect price, a good quality and IQ technology.
R3BU4P3DB1Z3YJ	5	Five Stars Works great, would definitely recommend.
R3N0O1VSN5JCGH	5	and it is amazing. For the price you get way more than ... This is the third Moto e 2nd generation I buy. First I got 2 two for my parents and now one for my sister in law, and it is amazing. For the price you get way more than what you expect. Even when it is a budget phone it has features that easily knock the competition, specially on performance.
RVUG4Y04T78UK	4	I really like all the features and hardware of this phone I really like all the features and hardware of this phone, battery life is good, camera is good (not the best but gets the job done) The only thing I don't like is the software, this phone is not very popular so phones like the M8 will have priority even though this phone is technically newer. I stayed at kit kat because of many users that complain about lollipop, Other than that, I really like this phone, I just wish it was a bit shorter and smaller for a 5.2 inch display phone
RAK332PG902FO	3	No Increased Battery Life vs. Old Battery Honestly, I don't notice a difference in battery capacity / performance with the &#34;new&#34; battery vs. the one I've been using for over a year.  Wouldn't surprise me if these are actually used batteries.
R1QQE1SL57PCX4	5	Five Stars Excellent
R1KC7KS254PZTY	1	One Star Don't waste your money. It broke after few days of use. Not even a month.
R33MULAXNSD785	1	Does not stick It does not stick to my dash at all.  I was looking forward to this working great, but I put it in, and the next thing I know, my phone falls under my gas pedal.  Thank goodness I hadn't left my driveway yet.
R1J3FWOXKHL74H	5	Little pricey, BUT worth the $$ Nice, high-quality wire & molded connector design.  Very flexible (although I assumed it wouldn't be because of its appearance in pics).  Highly recommended
R3CFC3EHFDASFT	3	Cool. A little bit more cheaply made than I ... Cool. A little bit more cheaply made than I originally imagined, but cute nonetheless. Doesn't come with a wall plug, so you'll need to buy that separately.
R2CEJUR93CZTFQ	1	no where near the stated 20000 mah The capacity is no where near 20000 more like 10000 at best.  Fully charge it will recharge a note 4 three times and that's it.  But it seems to be a solid built and a looker.
R2X4X2DGRRADIG	3	doesn't charge and otg Works as OTG HOST but will not accept charging if a usb is connected like a mouse or flash drive.
R12QTV7JT9BVY2	5	great headphones My three year old loves these! I tried them on myself. They are comfortable and work well.
RK1H0NVJZ1TOL	3	the faux leather tears pretty easily. Good starter to see if you like ... The card slots are able to only hold one card each, the faux leather tears pretty easily. Good starter to see if you like to carry around one article as opposed to wallet n phone.  I plan on buying a good quality one next,
R37K8IJL8X6F7J	5	I like the material and translucent look It is protective and unobtrusive. The buttons on the phone all work well. I like the material and translucent look.
R1LZXGXB7KGYON	5	Five Stars Much more sturdy than I thought it would be! Fits perfectly!
R19IA0ZA96MWW8	5	Five Stars Love it
R2MNEW365HBRIJ	1	One Star Sent me the wrong size, so it didn't fit my phone at all. It was also very flimsy.
R2IAZQW0923V05	5	Five Stars Excellent product and very good seller ...
R3V4N9DTTV6MWZ	4	Inexpensive and decent quality Fit: I've always had issues with in-ear headphones staying in my ears while I run.  I didn't want to buy anything too expensive, so these seemed perfect.  They do a decent job of staying in my ears while I'm running/sweating.  Bluetooth Sound Quality/Range:  The Bluetooth range is pretty weak - no more than about 4 feet before I have connection issues.  Sound quality was a little better than I expected - but don't expect them to rival Bose/Beats/etc.  On a side note, they do a great job of muffling the sound around you - so I would recommend being extra vigilant while you're running with these or leave one earbud out.
RGFOWVXPMIPMQ	5	Five Stars Nice and very fast delivery
R1F084HYJ6CLYI	5	Works perfect. Works perfect on my LG G Stylo.
RUNARAK87E1O2	3	Overall...ok. I have now had this forerunner unit for just under 2 years.  Overall it is a nice product.  The size is not overly large on smaller wrists and it provides the key functions that I needed for running (Pace, Heart rate, Distance).  I have found the GPS to be very good with the initial signal grab taking around 1 minute.  It is also a good looking watch (which is good for at least 20/sec per mile!).  The light is very bright and makes it very visible in low light conditions  Now for the not as good.  (1) The alligator clips used to charge the unit are very finicky and have to be attached &#34;just so&#34; or it will not charge or synch.  The charging platform for the Forerunner 10 is much better and easier to connect (I also have a Forerunner 10). (2) The unit often freezes and needs to be rebooted.  This does not happen during runs but happens generally when you are trying to synch data or just charging (and then it will not charge which you find out right before you want to head out on a run.......) (3) The unit does not have an auto pause feature which would be handy running in a metro environment where streetlights are a constant stop/go driver.  I did contact Garmin regarding the units frequency of freezing and they halfheartedly gave me some things to try but seemed to indicate that was part of normal operation and instructed me on the reboot process..... (4) While this does have the ability to be used for riding, it is cumbersome at best.  As I said, overall it is a nice product however I think the competition (including internal competition) has overtaken this unit.  The Forerunner 15 seems to be replacing this unit at a better price point and has all the same features.  I would look to that before purchasing this unit again.
R3OR5X0K54GHCM	5	Works great for my Galaxy S3 with slim case Works great for my Galaxy S3 with slim case!  My phone never fails to charge (as it does sometimes when I plug a charging cord in)
R2X117O8JX8J88	5	Great buy Great alternative to those who have an older model vehicle, works great when you find the right station. Thanks
R3RS69ZBIJ8038	5	Five Stars Love my case
R3G5T45B6QL065	4	Four Stars It is a little heavy but fits nicely into a purse.
R1HJGMUZRF6MD9	5	Love my mophie juice pack Love my mophie juice pack, I work long hours and often use my battery pack.  I have dropped it several times and the case actually is quite protective as well !
R2TILMRKVYUBR9	5	Neko SUPER CUTE! And now everyone I know wants one, lol. It works with just about every case. AND it does not fall out.
RXNWYZYULJ66U	5	Five Stars It's a clip. That works.  As long as you make sure it fits your model Escort of course....
RXM1N2IYU3AC1	2	I really like the feel of this case it's not very bulky ... I really like the feel of this case it's not very bulky but it feels substantial and high end.  The wings are very unusual but cool. Until they broke and then the whole thing was extremely annoying. Its like the magnet wasn't strong enough to hold them to the case.  I wouldn't buy this case.  Product provided for review purposes
R29HA9G5HRDD4J	5	ATT LTE is working properly now! Like previous post points out that the LTE on ATT is not working properly due to ATT network can't handle MTU 1500 setting properly.  Good news is that it has been resolved by ATT and StraightTalk recently and the Z289L shall work fine now on LTE. Nothing need to be done by user or the device. I have tested this device in couple places at ATL, MIA, DFW and LTE works terrific!
R2XL0UW5U96NZJ	5	Five Stars Ordered as a gift.
R1LICPMUJ5OPC8	3	Three Stars Came quickly, fit OK
R3C8O6ITMUMNZ	5	Five Stars Awesome case multi useful
R3SLQZM6EYLE2H	1	Three Stars I have had this case for less then 5 months and both the plastic covering over the camera flash and the plastic covering over the main, circle button have torn. The clear plastic they put over those is very thin, almost like a Saran Wrap material, and not durable at all. This basically makes this case worthless when it comes to water protection and for the price I paid for it I expected at least a good year of use out of it.
R34U5UM5529EV1	5	Five Stars great camera just try it
R37WV0K020666F	5	Excellent product Fits my Galaxy S5 perfectly. Well made and easy to install. Openings for access ports are exactly right. It only takes a little more effort to open the charging port. Having the case on the phone makes it easier for me to hold it.
R27065VH2KL7OL	4	... it with my phone LG G4 and I didn't like it at all I used it with my phone LG G4 and I didn't like it at all. It charged very very slow compare it with the original charger from LG. -  I changed my rating because of Aukey stuff, they contact me and help me, also offered a full refund. They are really great even that the charger doesn't work well with my phone it works with Iphone.  Thanks Aukey ❤.
R2V0S0ZSC95ZKX	5	Five Stars Ok
RAPKL579NH9EJ	5	Extremely satisfied. Easy to apply, very durable, and the cutout makes it so you can put a case on your phone without difficulties. I ended up ordering another set about 5 months later.
R2O3IYUJIM3B41	5	Perfect fit Really cute and fun design. Love it
RYTZK7ZWWW53J	2	Two Stars broke quickly
R14S223YHF1YFO	3	Three Stars good
R2WOL9NT75LJFP	5	Five Stars GOOD CONDITION
R2GBDSFOAOUIK5	5	Nice Was a gift. Daughter loves it. Just what I expected.
RUPI95NM9BQAS	4	... wouldn't interfere with other button functionality and it works great. I really like this I actually ended up inserting it upside down in my CD player so it wouldn't interfere with other button functionality and it works great. I really like this.
R3KXCVWMGSDSZV	1	Not accurate cable, did not fit Nook as described ... Not accurate cable,did not fit Nook as described.
R1BNXUTDT69GHF	5	Omaker charger. I've had this charger for around 7 months or so with no problems.
RWIQAWTU69PD9	5	Five Stars very satisfied
R1U0DMPXTJDMT2	5	Five Stars Very pleased with these. I tend to break them, and lose them. So this price is great.  thank you
R38D0AD8FP9BXT	5	Five Stars delivered on time, works as described.  Use it for Apple products....
R3H760Y0O5EQ2T	5	It does little, but it does it so well Works perfectly for its very limited purpose.
R2JIBH578YH65F	5	Beauty with strength. The transparent case shows off the beauty of the golden color of my iPhone 6 plus. It is also strong enough to be protective. Affordable price too.
R2JPR286O039DP	5	Five Stars It work out great.
R37XJ6THKKDDUF	5	sound is great I have trouble with Bluetooth earpieces and never finding a comfortable fit.  I have always tried the on ear headphones or the ear buds.  This is my first in ear Bluetooth earpiece. I found this ear piece to be comfortable and easy to use, it doesn't bother me as much as I had expected it to.  It pairs really easily with my iPhone 6.  I just pressed the button on the Bluetooth in ear head piece for a few seconds, saw the flashing red and blue lights and I was able to see the device was detected by my phone.  Once I successfully paired it to my device, I haven't had to pair again since.  I had to test it to see the sound and how well it worked, since some Bluetooth headsets give an echo.  This headset did not give me any echoes when using it.  You answer the call by simply pressing the button on the head piece.  I had no static with the device and has a crisp and clean sound when using it.  I experienced no issues with the headset and I was able to walk away from my phone for about 15 feet before starting to experience some slight static and interference with the headset.  I don't normally walk away from my device while using it, but its nice to have the option and knowing that the caller on the other end will still be able to hear me well and vice versa.  This headset comes from chin,  so it is equipped with voice prompts in English as well as Chinese.  Since I don't speak Chinese, I do not use that feature and stick to the English language.  To switch languages, hold the button down and it will switch languages.  The device also has a pleasantly long battery life.  I have used it numerous times without needing to recharge.  I also don't use it very often which would account for the long battery life.  Overall, this headset performs as expected and is also undetectable with my hair down.  Its a well made ear piece that I got in nude.  Complimentary sample provided in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
R21Z1YQ8W762XT	5	Five Stars Super Sturdy! Very Happy with this purchase and we ordered more just to have a change.!
RB2GXQ78KZJJ2	5	Works perfect for me I have been Using this product for a week. --Installation is easy. --Screen response is perfect. --No Bubbles. --Customer service is great.
R10YWW0QWPD79F	5	Five Stars Love it
RANEZK98BEIGZ	5	Easy Setup Paired easliy with my iphone, and ipad.  Just need to make sure you are not covering the lights on the button to let you know what you are doing.  Comfortable and secure in the ear, but I have not tried to run with them.
R13Q61TQ0K5XXM	4	Really cool and handy but why have a wireless charger that ... Really cool and handy but why have a wireless charger that is connected to a cord. I think the charger should have a built in battery so you can charge the charger and take it wherever
R3KIQ4T0U3HEXQ	5	Great product just as described Shipment received faster then I had anticipated ! Great product just as described, couldn't have asked for anything more.
R27CERFBXWDD8L	5	The new Droid 4 phone works fine. I did not receive a SIM card with ... The new Droid 4 phone works fine. I did not receive a SIM card with this order, so I used the one on my old phone Droid 4.
R2OCKINWMBQ7XT	5	Five Stars Case is well made and fit perfectly
R1PXHZJVYFRGAR	2	Nice case but cannot use it and dumped it WARNING....Does NOT fit a 5S... too small. Nice case but cannot use it and dumped it.
RBGVNZDK5FW9T	5	Five Stars Very good.
R3IOOC9XQFINL1	5	Five Stars Better than the last tempered glass screen protector that I bought. This one didn't even crack upon installation!
R1PQRTOUZGZUXH	5	Five Stars I love it
R1N50DEX32OI8N	2	MISLEADING. Issues connecting with apple products despite claiming to support apple This is a great product. Or it would be. However, it claims to work with apple products but when I called tech support for connection issues with my macbook pro, they said it isn't actually made for apple products but for android, and they are working on updates for the iphone 6. Box clearly states it to be compatible with apple. They offered to take it back but we now know how to fiddle around with it to get it to connect with the macbook. So we just kept it as we like the product, and we keep manually reconnecting it. UPDATE- even with fiddling around, it doesn't consistently connect. We've been speaking on the computer phone on speaker, which is highly unprofessional and unpleasant.
R1H8BP39G57DYX	4	Wow!! Doubles Battery Life!! I received this product for free in exchange for an honest review. This case is very easy to put together. Basically you remove the back of your phone, as well as the battery. You then pop in their uniquely shaped battery and then put place your battery on top of theirs. Next you use their case to cover the back and the frame of your phone. Overall its a super easy process and it actually work!  Before using this product, I would have to charge my battery everyday (at night time). However, since using their battery, it has double, almost tripled my battery life. Now, I only have to charge my phone approximately every two days. The only thing I don't like about the case is the quality. It seems like this is the most popular complaint about the product. If they would just change the quality of the case, particularly the frame, this would be the perfect, most stylish product on the market.  Because of the quality of the product, I only use it when I'm at home. If I go anywhere, I normally change it back to my standard case. However, my final thoughts on this is that its a great buy and it really does extend the battery life!
R1SU70Y2UB141H	5	Five Stars love it
R3OEYC3S8G86D4	5	Good Got this Saturday and charged an iPhone 5 and iPad Air. Charged fast! I was happy with how soon it arrived and how fast it charged. Next day, after an hour and a half, my iPad battery went up only fifty percent and was not being used while charging. This morning after charging my phone for two hours it added seventy percent and still not fully charged. Probably defective. Will update how helpful customer service is.  8/31 Just got off the phone with customer service and they will replace the defective cable. No hassles. Great customer service.
R1OQRT8OS6ETJ	5	Five Stars love it
RX6UCI6DQP4NT	5	Mount this This mount is awesome. Holds iPhone 6Plus. Really nice for using GPS apps. I highly recommend it.
RVV5X4GLH3228	5	Five Stars Awesome!!!! Love it in my cobalt
R1OQG13U4U0Z0	1	I wore this tracker to my first water class today ... I wore this tracker to my first water class today. After class misfit fell out of band, and will not recommend
R3O8OHWDEI5RBY	3	I'm a student and i take notes on my iPad ... I'm a student and i take notes on my iPad and use the stylus to draw arrows and small pictures and the tips only last a couple days each. They gave me s full refund which was appreciated. The tips are hollow so they're just asking to rip through and scratch your screen with the solid metal base.
R1HMOGVMH6VZC6	5	Just what I needed It's great--holds everything I need and protects my phone in a case that I can fit in my pocket.
RXURIV4GF5315	1	I never sent it back like I should have Didn't really stick, I never sent it back like I should have.
R1XDBAI3F4DSNI	5	Not bad I like that it fits me really well.
R1NJ43G2K2QASU	1	Worst Support EVER and not very accurate Trip Odometer (Use the regular Odometer, if you can figure out how to reset it) Ok first off I'm a long distance hiker and train during off trips up to 10+ miles a day after work. Now that being said I wanted a device that was accurate (this one isn't) and reliable with SUPPORT! Every time I plugged this unit in the software wanted to update the firmware. GREAT! Of course that's a good thing but after 3 disappointing chats no one could figure out how to get it to actually work. I used the forums tried everything could not get it done it kept giving me the same error. I then would connect to chat and no one would answer even 10 minutes after saying hello and reviewing my questions which were simple. (How do I update firmware, How do I reset Odometer) I had a few other questions but their manual is lacking SUBSTANCE and makes you fumble around. I needed something I could open the box and start using. I don't geocache so that feature is useless the camera is a joke Hello 2003 called they want their camera back (why is this even on a gps?). My biggest grip is with Magellan their support was RUDE and constantly cut the chats off even if the problem wasn't solved! Their phone support was just as bad again RUDE and inconsiderate. For $300 I expect top notch support this wasn't a whim purchase. But I guess I should thank them since I went to a similar Garmin Unit i'm quite happy with support and more features. STAY AWAY from this device.
R342KE0MLP42O3	4	Four Stars Provides good protection and space to tuck in money or a credit card!
R3RY3S3RVYQV7O	5	Great product! This screen protector has worked great on my phone. It was simple and easy to put on.
R2K36DILICK8MC	1	Not as Advertised Did NOT fit the phone that it said it would. Very disappointed!!
R11SPO1SY9WGOK	5	Perfect accessory for every vehicle this has been a life saver when it comes to having to &#34;charge&#34; as we are driving from point A to point B. The G'kids are much happier when their electronics are working and I am less bored if my iPad or Kindle is charged. Plug this into your cigarette lighter and you are setup 4 usb ports and 3 DC outlets. These inverters have a tendency to get hot but this model has a great little fan that keeps the temperature down. The cord is ample length but if the cord was slightly longer it would be PERFECT. [of course perfect length depends greatly on where the cigarette lighter plug in is located] I would buy again [it would be great to have one in every vehicle] AND I would recommend to a friend without hesitation.
R2ZDH950ODTJQU	1	One Star Not good doesn't charge phone.
R3FV1Q36Y0B1IU	4	Case looks good and provides good protection Case looks good and provides good protection, and the stand feature works well. It could be improved by adding a hole or slot to the front flap so that the camera would work even with the front cover folded around the back. One weakness of this design is that it does not allow for car dash mounting. I found a workaround, but incorporating some means of doing this would be a great improvement as well. My case was shipped to the wrong location (an error on the part of USPS, apparently), but one irate phone call to Amazon customer service later, the error was rectified, and I got the case, albeit a couple of days late.
R2BYQZ28F1FHWQ	1	This rendered the phone useless. It worked for two weeks then it would not ring when a call came in.  Tried adjusting settings it did nothing to help then in the third week the 1,2,3 keys all stopped working.  This rendered the phone useless.
R2GUYZK08B9VCK	4	Wish it could have been put to use This phone doesn't come with much in way of setting it up, and it is so old of a model and so basic that it took me a bit to get things done.  There is also a section on the website that answers  some common things such as speed dial, being able to disable the lock button on side of phone.  I have tested it and sound is good/clear.  At time of purchase, my father needed something as simple as this to, we hoped, communicate by phone now and then.  Within days of receiving it, unfortunately his cognitive ability slipped further and he is not able to use the product.  Of course this is of no fault of seller and I will donate it.
R2618DT8I5UUAF	5	Very happy Quality product
RZXT5B5PO6YSC	2	Okay on initial install but seems to have worn out. Worked great when I first put it on a back in late July.  Now, it fits loosely and I expect wouldn't keep the water out if I dared to test it.
R1WKH4NCRGGP6I	2	it was great at first but it only lasted a few months it was great at first but it only lasted a few months.I should have expected this from the price.
R3VV31BSKX52WU	5	Five Stars I just love it for going places. Everything you need is all together 😊
R184W9ZCG8SVF1	5	Five Stars Charges battery really fast and easy to carry
R3LHRX3GLY4S1N	5	Emergency charger Charged up very quickly.  Haven't needed to use it yet, but ordered it especially for whenever power goes out as it can during our rainy season here in Florida.  I thought that Erika would hit us, but it didn't, thank goodness.
R3KWCW3FUEB2N3	2	NOOT This one This is not a protective case by any means. It is indeed slim & the corners snap flush with the phone. The sides (leather grip) does not extend around the phone. The plastic material feels flimsy & I don't feel assured that if the phone were to drop that the case would stand up to the impact.
R2MEVUU3QOGUVL	4	Four Stars It looks amazing
R1MAI6X7DCBVYG	5	Screen protector Absolutely love this screen protector
R2G22H5Q428U4H	5	Despite some reviewers concerns that this case was difficult to ... Despite some reviewers concerns that this case was difficult to install I had no problems.  It isn't as bulky as more expensive competitors but provides a similar type of protection.  For the price this case/protector can't be beat.
RFEUMEWI0CGKJ	5	Love them! I bought them in every color. They are great and look just like the apple band. Would love other colors too!!!
R23MVKAFG7LV2G	5	Five Stars Works as stated.
R3HXRA40SXTX7F	1	One Star Doesn't fit my phone very well.
RQI5WARJM9R7Q	5	Bought for my kid - works great, but not sure what the plastic back is ... Bought for my kid - works great, but not sure what the plastic back is supposed to do...it barely stuck to the back of the phone...
RTALXYAWSI5R7	5	Five Stars Terrific!
R17AR9K937VWYS	1	Don't get this case. Had it sitting on a bed two days after I got it. Come back in a couple of house later, to find it sitting on the floor, and te little cover that opens and closes by the charger a lot at the bottom of the phone, was broken off. Now a month later, have not dropped it at all since that day, and the sidings are starting to come off. Do not get this case. It is not worth the money.
R1GUDJ0L98NKYR	5	Solid wireless headphones Easy and fast to connect to my iphone 6. On my phone it tells me how much battery is left on the headphones which is a nice feature. Two gripes are that the batter does only last about 6-8 hours depending on how much you use the buttons on it - and there is no carrying pouch/case to protect them. Great for running or at the gym with no wires. Would recommend to buy.
R3UO5KG1Y0NE6I	5	Good product! All the tools given with the product is helpful if you use them carefully.  I used a hair drier and it didn't work enough to loosen the glue and i broke the lcd underneath. :(.  I'd suggest to spend some more bucks for heat air gun. The string broke since glue was hard.  They gave a spare string and that's nice.  In short,  Good product and clear instructions.
R1DRDCC7XYRJCN	5	Five Stars This product does it's job well. It charges my extra battery quickly with no issues.
R1V1862DL9DOGR	5	Five Stars Great case fits perfectly on the phone.
RZJ3PP10LEDCJ	5	It isn't pretty, but it works Used this on a trip to Mexico.  We even took it on our way swimming in the ocean to the hidden beach in Puerto Vallarta.  It did not get wet.  While we tried to hold the phone out of the water as much as we could, it still was submerged for long periods of time.  I highly suggest this cheap but effective case.  It isn't pretty, but it works.  To sample it, I filled the case with toilet paper and then closed it and submerged it i my sink for some time.  When the TP was not wet, I know it was safe to put my iphone 6 in it and take it to the ocean!
R64PKPXTSIDMO	5	Five Stars Great durable case!
R2N3XG9V1KPDN8	5	Five Stars I like this phone it is more that I was expecting .Amazing image resolution.
R1DWU7IJLTJWL5	4	The replacement policy was great however, and a replacemenr was shipped in just ... This is the second one I have received due to the first one falling apart just a week or so after receiving. Im hoping this one holds up a little longer. The replacement policy was great however, and a replacemenr was shipped in just 2 days.
R3SU2JL17YE2IK	5	Great Bluetooth Headset Great Bluetooth headset with professional processes and shipping. Very easy to connect to Bluetooth and the sound quality is great. I love using them when doing yard work around the house and when exercising. I did receive a discount and recommend these speakers to anyone that loves music has much has me.
R3HIM705KKAEW8	5	Five Stars Fast delivery and looks great!
R10SF7WWTMOQ0T	5	Five Stars Great case, protects BB Classic and not too large.
R2RA1OQC4A40X5	5	Five Stars I love this case
R6306JUDZADTM	5	Five Stars Great purchase :-)
RQO00PB1WIBQ1	4	Great product Its a great product.  I already own several.  I purchased this one because I wanted a lighter weight one to carry on a daily basis.  Its not much lighter then the bigger ones I own.  Not enough to make a difference.
R1E7QXT6YMPQUQ	5	Five Stars great one i like it
R15R7SL83U20GY	1	One Star Broke after 1 use.
R6D76Z4WSAFF5	5	Winner! This mount is sturdy, adaptable & well-made; my Samsung Galaxy S5 fits perfectly.  Very pleased with this purchase.
RCII90SNEX33A	5	Good choice Works fine, good price, very happy.
R3EISRTR7QLH2G	5	Five Stars Good original batteries, and worked as expected!
R17U5DIF5H8M9E	4	Four Stars Looks great!
R34ZZC9SLIYJ5Q	5	Five Stars These are really cool! I use them on all my devices that have cameras - computer, ipad, phones, etc
R10UMFRFCO60C7	5	Better than the cheaper fake leather cases. Love the leather - it smell like wonderful leather
R2KSIAHDJW30BD	3	cute design Super cute. Fits in my back pocket perfect though the material is PVC tends to crack easy. But love the design
RNT15IIQ4IAW8	4	The texting is really annoying, however it is a great little phone for ... The texting is really annoying, however it is a great little phone for basic needs. I killed my my more costly smart phone, and find that not paying data and just using the basic features is really all I need.
R2JMNEHV39PIM5	2	Two Stars Kills the battery super faster. with the blue tooth. even when it's in airplane mode.
R3ESPZ8NQH2MRC	4	Four Stars Works great for my Note 4
R3EDJLJPW7JFXE	4	Good sound quality, fun bright colors, and enough volume to drown out the world... I spend a huge amount of my time listening to music when I am working out, cleaning the house, or working in the yard. I own a ton of different headsets, but I honestly think this is one thing that you can never have too many of.  These are a really pretty bright green color that I love, especially since this shade of green just happens to be my favorite color. The cords are very vibrant and eye catching, so I love wearing these when I'm going for a jog in the evening if it is going to be getting dark while I am out. The earbuds are comfortable to wear and stay in place while I am moving around.  As far as sound quality, I have to say they are pretty good in my opinion. I'm not a person that is super picky, but there are great for my needs.  I found I can turn the volume up pretty high and there is a minimal amount of distortion. Keep in mind you do have to adjust the volume from the phone or MP3 player, there is no way to do this directly from the headset.  I received a pair to review, and enjoyed them. While I do prefer Bluetooth headsets overall, these are a really nice pair of corded earbuds. Good sound quality, fun bright colors, and enough volume to drown out the world. Thumbs up from me.
R1CALZ9HJRA6UX	5	Arrived on time. As expected. Thank you. Arrived on time.  As expected.  Thank you.
RVRJWJPL9305B	5	Awesome band for the price and excellent customer service Awesome band for the price and excellent customer service. To me, it honestly feels like the same quality as the iPhone bands. Will probably buy a couple more in various colors. Good stuff.
R3DA8OE9CLY7KY	5	A great product. I've dropped my phone hundreds of times ... A great product. I've dropped my phone hundreds of times with this case and it's still pristine. Plus their warranty service is amazing.
RTYH1ZJIAD04	5	Poweradd customer for life! Power add makes the best products!  This is the third portable charger I have gotten from them and this one much like the others charges my Galaxy quickly. I am a Poweradd customer for life!
R1GRDA94PQLPQE	5	Great Seller. Case was exactly as described. Great Seller.
R1NM3XY8417WBS	5	Great Charger Great charging base. Works well and is easy to sit phone on and charge. Some other bases are much more finicky about getting the phone in the exact position before they start charging. This one is easy.
R2EAW2XWXP1CKV	5	A must have! This works great. No one can  look over your shoulder and see what you're doing!
RSQU6GM689BR8	3	Three Stars It's really good product!
R3GR1PGCMZBFEY	5	Buy it! Love this case! Fast shipping with prime, the case fits perfectly and is tough enough for my lifestyle.
R2GYA7W2GUSEY9	2	Often indispensable, but occasionally flat out WRONG. Also ... Often indispensable, but occasionally flat out WRONG. Also, when I start it up it sometimes goes back to the previous search without being asked. (I would not get it again.)
R2DPMQP5VDFEK7	5	Five Stars These are great for my fitbit charge, and arrived amazingly fast!
R8WNSGITJ08UY	5	Five Stars great
R1WUJ5MX6IJVAW	5	Five Stars Slim case looks good kickstand works great.
RLWELTL3DIWP0	5	Five Stars Yes. Thank you.
R1YU7IJ1UGV6GM	5	Fast shipment and good quality! Get product! Fast shipment and good quality!
R33AO2OVRY98K0	5	Five Stars Good Product.
RFAQYE61T0NB0	5	I know - it's just a cable, but Love, Love, Love! Yeah, I know - it's just a cable, but Love, Love, Love! - where's the Love Button!? The Heavy Duty cable doesn't really crimp up or tangle so it's less likely to bend and break the wires inside - less likely for the cat to eat through it, too. Snug fit on connections on both ends. And with a six-foot cord, I don't accidentally yank it out of the wall when reaching to turn off the alarm in the morning. Without question - I'd buy another! Highly recommended :) If this review helps - gimme a 'Like' - I like to know if I'm getting through to you. Thanks!
R19399HV71P8IH	1	NOT HAPPY - DEFECTIVE BOOSTCASE I have owned a Boostcase before and loved it until the case broke, I reordered the new one and it worked fine for about 2 weeks until it started to fry my batteries. I could charge batteries without Boostcase on,but the minute I put on Boostcase it would kill the battery. So not only out of the cost of the new Boostcase but the two new Samsung batteries I just bought. So not happy at all with the purchase at all seriously DEFECTIVE!! HOPE TO HEAR FROM CUSTOMER SERVICE TO SEE IF THEY BACK THERE PRODUCT - WILL LET YOU KNOW........
R3PKF5IR2K11AU	5	This is a great power bank This is a great power bank! Two USB outlets, charged it up once in the month ive had it, used it 3 times to full charge my phone and it still has 50% battery life left! You can turn it off while not using it to conserve power!
R1HOM4B6BAV0QV	5	Great purchase Water proof test worked. Case fit my phone perfectly. All features still function without difficulty (fingerprint ID, touch screen).
R2ZW3FJ1YPB475	5	Five Stars Good quality
R2GZUTVPJVEALJ	2	Cheap, scuffed as soon as i put it on. Way to expensive for what it is and does. Scuffed soon as I put it on, huge white mark across the whole thing. Waste of money
R8UNT8KYD4DUJ	5	Great value! I purchased this for my wife's Galaxy Note 4. She wanted it to fit well (not too tight or too loose), and provide some protection from minor drops. The most important attribute that she was looking for was for the case to not add too much bulk to the phone. It's perfect, and the buttons are responsive with the case on. Well worth the few bucks. I was so impressed with it, that now I purchased the Galaxy Note 5 version for my phone.
R2RHNJ67149839	5	Life Saver A life saver on our vacation.  With phones and cameras and all, it would have been a logistical nightmare .. .or we'd have had to take multiple chargers.  I might even consider one with four ports for the next trip.  The only downside was that my wife does not like the blue light on when she sleeps.  I threw a shirt over it and ... problem solved ;-)
R2UO8G0VSD43KG	5	Great Cable to Have Around! This is a great thing to have around!  I keep this cable in my car.  I can charge my iPhone, my husband's Galaxy, our kids' iPads, our hot spot, friend's phones, etc.  with one cable.  When I use some cables, I get a message on my iPhone that the accessory cannot be supported.  That has not happened with this cable.  I was able to purchase this product at a discounted rate, in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
R61XG0G3CQVNP	5	Liked this unit due to the flexibility of media types ... Liked this unit due to the flexibility of media types it can play.  I'm sure you can find a better option, but it will likely not be in this price range.  The only negative for me so far is the display and the difficulty of seeing it in bright sunlight.  This said, I'm not sure I read a review of any competitors that someone didn't have this same complaint.  Sufficient power to satisfy most though it struggles a little to compete with engine noise, still not bad overall. Haven't used the Blue tooth yet so can't speak to that features functionality.  Look at the price and features and I think you can't really go wrong here at this price point.
R26SW3HI977OEH	5	Five Stars Best selfie stick
R23QSRKMOTVSQ6	5	Great Office addition Perfect choice for my desk at the office
R2I5B06WD8AW93	2	2 of 3 was working I bought 3 and only 2 was working.
R1XX1PEU672D5Y	4	nice  case Case was ok, not as protective as I was would like, but was not bad otherwise.
R2W3Q6AKBK299K	5	Quality Qi charger! [[VIDEOID:b1307f68c35bdad477763bb69225e146]] The TechMatte Power Pod 2 Qi wireless charger is a great \\"disc style\\" Qi charger.  It is a little larger than other ones I have tested.  (This is a good this as it makes laying your phone down on it easier).  The charger comes with a standard USB to Micro USB cable that you can plug into any USB port on your computer or laptop.  They do not include a wall adapter with this, but I have several and used one of my own with no issues.  Nice user guide is provided all though not really needed because it is basically plug in and use.  I tested this unit with a Samsung Galaxy Note 4 (with a Qi receiver installed), and had no problems with the Note 4 detecting the pad and charging (it does take a few seconds to detect the pad).  The build quality is nice, it is all plastic but I found no seams out of place and is put together nicely. Over all this is a great charger for TechMatte at a good price and I give it a thumbs up.  I was provided a unit at a reduced cost for my honest and unbiased review, I was not compensated to give a positive review my thoughts on the product are my own.  Luke @ Galaxy Tech Review
RKC4PRMU0NBXE	5	Five Stars Excellent
R6L7SD0YQLBXN	5	This product is very handy when it comes to charging ... This product is very handy when it comes to charging. The company makes sure that if there are any issues with the product in which they produce they try and fix it right away.
RBJTA7DIIKYI	5	Five Stars These cases are awesome...
R3RSR7NFWSDAYS	5	Definitely worth it! A good quality as a $35 glass screen protector I purchases at Verizon.
R2M5KX8LP0UZU7	5	Five Stars Just what I wanted!
R1OPPODDO6397K	5	I really like this case for my iphone 6 plus I really like this case for my iphone 6 plus. It was received when stated. It is very convenient and stylish.
R3GPBUV9JZTD2R	5	Five Stars Great product but mine got broke and I  need info to get it fixed ty
R1X9R9K1WMY0FA	5	Five Stars Grandson loves it!
R19AGJOT28OT4H	5	but once I attached this case all is good. This back cover does make the phone slightly ... Spend the money; don't use the cheap wireless receivers; mine didn't work; but once I attached this case all is good.  This back cover does make the phone slightly bigger and it will not fit the Otter Box Commuter Series case, but it does fit the Otter Box Preserver Series case & my Lockproof case; plus it allows you charge with the case on.
R13V0M17Q9SMBJ	5	Love these! These work great protecting my Apple Watch.  Love the variety in color and the screen protector that was included is great!
R28CDVTA6YORVG	5	My son loves this case. Shipping was very fast ... My son loves this case.  Shipping was very fast.
R3VUNXRST8508N	5	Note 2 Slim Flip Case I really love this flip case - so easy to use and remove.  Safety and secure.  All in one slim case.
R3POCCX3X7O6HH	5	Five Stars we love it
R1O4PLI75KKLQZ	1	Not liking this item It could probably be because I do not understand how to use it and the instructions were in another language.  It did not light up as it said in the shorter English version so I don't know if it charged right and it failed to charge my phone one time and one time it only worked a short time. Could I have a tip on what I am doing wrong? Plugged it into our phone charger and waited days for a green light that  never appeared.
RJP3U155FVXHC	4	Four Stars Nice!
R3L28QUACC8YHB	4	These work well, but one had a defective battery ... These work well, but one had a defective battery compartment latch. I am using a rubber band to keep it closed.
RQ6A9X05WJ4RL	5	iPhone 6 case Good price for a good quality case. It took a few weeks to arrive, but otherwise no complaints
RF7V36EX0BTXX	5	Five Stars dosent come with stand
R2O7B9VC00LPN1	3	Three Stars It's almost perfect but I wish they would make a genuine leather so it won't chip off.
R39MN0Q3UB6CMG	5	Love it I really love the case. When through our 1st fall a day after my case arrived and I can tell you now is I didn't have this case n screen protector I would be looking for another phone right now!!!!
R6GFCGGW27XI	5	Love it. Love it.  Fits my s5 perfectly along with putting other things inside of it.  Very versatile and I loved wearing it.
RHGD72OE2DRMD	5	THE BEST WATER PROOF CASE EVER! BIG LESSON: I live in Hawaii and I already got my iPhone 6+ wet (without no protection) when I went off to Samoa for work. Always have some sort of water proof casing for ANY phone or precious belonging you own !  Now that I am back in Hawaii and living exactly in front of the beach and it being hurricane season, it was definitely a MUST HAVE to buy some sort of waterproof casing for my new iPhone 6+ (since it got water damage in my other phone). I was not willing to spend over $70 for a Life Proof case. I have heard many bad reviews about that case from my roommates and friends that have that case and I ended up finding this one instead. For a BIG fraction of the price, I can definitely say that is 100% better than having a life proof case. (I bought mine for 9.99). After I received this case, I followed the instructions that were sent in my email about testing it out. I left a napkin in the case overnight in a bowl of water. The following morning, I took out the napkin and it was completely dry inside! So I went to the beach that same day and put my new phone in the case and into the water. I swam out in the ocean, did a bit of snorkeling with the phone and the case and by 1.5 hour of being in the ocean, my phone still ended up completely dry. This case doesn't block the camera in the different directions you put it in and it still takes nice quality pictures. I tried talking on the phone and using the finger sensor on my iPhone, but it wasn't really that great. But if you are ever going to be a body of water Quality wise, it is very durable and easy to wipe clean. I absolutely love this product and I would definitely repurchase this again. If you are contemplating on buying this or something else, I would highly recommend this product!
R3NLO9ZNVQD51D	5	Great price and nicely made. Great price so I ordered 2. We tried them and they're both fully functional with no problems. Nicely made and look identical to our Apple cables at a much lower price.
R1OVNSGEL31HLZ	5	Five Stars Perfect for Mumford and Sons Fan
RAXLMQ10VMYNB	2	The suction did not stay attached to my dash board ... The suction did not stay attached to my dash board, so the unit was always falling down, especially when my phone was in the holder.
R36CBACZ00G96T	3	Three Stars It fits but the hooks slip off and blocks back camera
R3AEMTPTP9IWSN	1	Find a better case, it gets dirty wayyy too fast and ... Eh. Find a better case, it gets dirty wayyy too fast and it's hard to clean.
R2NVGUZLLPAL3Y	4	Very nice low-slung profile that fits my Galaxy S6 almost perfectly Works just as advertized and charges faster than I anticipated, considering they are supposed to perform that duty at 60-70% of direct charging (probably my imagination).  Very nice low-slung profile that fits my Galaxy S6 almost perfectly.  Had it about a week, and no problems so far.
R3LPH1M39FEEU4	5	Amazing! Got this at a discounted price for an honest review. This glass really helps I've ordered it 2 times if it wouldn't have been bc of this glass I would've had a cracked phone. Amazing!
R1Q4I4CF3MQ11Z	5	Five Stars Works as expected.
R3940K9LEH9FMZ	5	Five Stars Received quickly and they are just what I needed!
R393H4HNRT5AD5	5	Five Stars Appears to be a guality product at an affordable price.
R30MBTLV88H9IB	4	Have had it for a couple weeks. works very ... Have had it for a couple weeks. works very well so far, although it doesn't seem to charge much faster than the original chargers. i will be doing some traveling in the upcoming months then I will know if it proves its value.
RQB348SYGCZ67	5	Five Stars The antenna fit my SR5 Toyota pickup 1994.  Thank you.
R1T3W4FBLQPR0X	4	Four Stars Love my otterbox commuter series case!!!!
RR8RAG180NZXP	2	but needs to be replaced in no time because all the little jewel thingy's fall off easily. It does what it's suppose to, but needs to be replaced in no time because all the little jewel thingy's fall off easily.
R2QGTJL4W1V9PW	1	thick, bulky I find this thick and bulky.  I like the silicon or jelly covers much, much better.  It also falls off.  keep looking.
R35RYTCQZU5ORY	5	Worked great. Looks like a new phone Worked great.  Looks like a new phone.
R3U5NIT8TJUKSO	1	They do not work with our phones as soon as ... They do not work with our phones as soon as you plug them in you get an error notice on the phone or they charge for a few minutes and then the error appears. Spend the extra money and but the apple product or they will not work properly.
R2I6UJGQXY9GGX	5	Another excellent product from Anker Another excellent product from Anker. Works great, very well made.
RLIPX2Y0EGJBB	5	Quality Product Great product, charges faster, lasts much longer than original battery.
R1JYIPZBRYTPWI	5	Great call quality and ability to go stereo is awesome. Music could pack a little more punch - great value overall. I received a sample for review and here are my thoughts:  This is by far the smallest headset I've ever tried and it works quite well.  Range is decent, sound is good on both ends of calls, and the ability to plug in the other ear is great.  It came with a plethora of ear pieces of different sizes and styles and several ear hooks if you don't like using just the ear piece (I found it works best with the swivel hook).  The call quality is good (almost on par with my Bose in-ear headset), but the stereo is a little lackluster.  It isn't bad per se, just a little tinny and lacks punch.  I wasn't really expecting more though from such small headphones.  I think the ability to convert them to stereo is what really sets them apart.  If you're looking for a single ear BT headset you can quickly convert to stereo for music and videos this is a great solution.
RQAU2KQV6WZVP	5	The LG Ultimate 2 LG L41C is an exceptionally great smart phone at the Amazon price (under $70 The LG Ultimate 2 LG L41C is an exceptionally great smart phone at the Amazon price (under $70.) and works very well with Tracfone.  I was able to transfer my previous phone number from my old Tracfone over to the new one along with all my minutes and activation time.  I would highly recommend this smart phone and Tracfone to any economy minded person who is wishing to avoid the high costs of long term contracts with major carriers.
R3G75C379GIGTX	4	An easy to use mount An easy to use mount.  Fits the handlebars well.  The safety cord that plugs into the earphone jack is a nice touch and has saved the phone from several plummets.  However, the ratcheting clip seems to be good for only half a year or so of near-daily riding before it starts to lose its grip on the phone.
RHQW8V0ITE33J	5	Protection. Works great on my iPad that my kids use everytime I put it down. I feel it is protected.
RBME1CA36FRX3	5	works great, and price was a great works great , and price was a great deal
R2ZEHMHI5SCJ32	4	worked as advertised for a month, now it doesn't Has only been a month and a half and product is not working. Very disappointed especially when you're expecting a quality purchase.  UPDATE:  Update. As soon as I left my review I was contacted by Anker. They were very helpful and I received a new iPhone 6 cord to replace the defected one. Customer serve is great and they truly fixed this issue in a hurry
R1D2GBJN63O75P	5	So cool. The case fit my iPhone 5S perfectly. I have no complaints about the product. So cool.
R2BIOHDU2AV2YN	3	Three Stars It ok only to charging to 80%
R32FE04CI5W2XR	5	Good Fit My kids think this is magic.  I have been using my Moto X 2014 and had a good experience so far with our first selfie stick. When my sample arrived to review, I was a bit skeptical but it works well and holds the phone firmly in place. Given I am not a pack horse, even though I am a mom with a purse, I really needed something light and compact and this fits the bill and most of my bags. Our selfie stick has held up well, even being handled less than gingerly at times by two little boys.
R30IZYEU5R8ONI	5	She love it. She think she all that now I got this for my auntie. She love it. She think she all that now.
R13AUB43PDKGXK	2	It was a good idea, but I was never able keep the ... It was a good idea, but I was never able keep the screen protector on. Brushing up against something would remove it.
R1TQUZ660J5432	2	Stay away!! It was comfortable to wear, but one of the tabs that secure the phone broke off after three days.
R39PAOCEAEY0OD	4	Unit works great, buy better charging cables Works so far. The solar charge as others have said would take forever. The cords that came with it are pretty junky but a usb charger cable is pretty inexpensive. I'm happy with it so far. My only complaint is how insanely bright  the indicator LEDs are. We had a power outage and I was able to see to get around the house just with those. Charging it at night, I had to put something over them for the blinking to not keep me up. I was able to charge my phone at least twice.
RYP1KTUI02EWD	5	Five Stars perfect fit for replacing my old motorized factory antenna in the old 94 accord.
R3O2NRNE2A78BU	4	Four Stars This worked very well in Serbia, Croatia, and Italy
R2C0Y4ZF861ZLV	1	These speakers are HORRIBLE. They are also pictured with a plastic horn ... These speakers are HORRIBLE. They are also pictured with a plastic horn but that does not come with them.
R3UKBCDJHWXUDW	5	Perfect! Exactly what I wanted!
R5182P89LOFQV	1	Don't buy!!! Save your money this cord worked maybe 10 times. The wire splits and is garbage!! And of coarse you can't return it because it a week past the 1 month warranty. Save your money!!!!
R11P5048B8E2X7	3	Three Stars No privacy
R1KEBX7GFHI3X8	5	Great MP3 Player with built-in speaker This has been a great &#34;first radio&#34; for my 7, 5, and 3 year olds.  It holds as many songs as you will want to load... what I mean by that is that the MP3 songs are ordered and displayed numerically only.  There are no song or artist titles, just a number from 1 to x.  The volume from the built-in speaker is more than adequate for in the house or in the car.  We have found the battery life has been good too (we've had it for 6 months or so).  We've used it on trips to let the kids take turns as DJ.  Even the 3 year old can manipulate the songs and volume without trouble.  Going down the highway in a minivan, it still sounds good even from the far back row.  We got it to let the kids learn to use an MP3 player, but searched far for one with a built-in speaker so that they were not damaging their hearing with headphones.  This is a really good product for the money, with the only drawback being that you cannot see song titles.
RQSFATNVDIK9Z	3	its ok,, but makes your fone freeze, ... its ok ,,but makes your fone freeze ,,if you don't belive buy it ,,I didn't think it would but I learned when it froze the first time ,,,is it worth it ? yea I guess ,I got cpl batteries now I never have my fone on charger just swiching batteries but takes a day to charge a battery on this charger
R1RCJIQVDIPYR3	5	Five Stars Great product strong and we'll bulit
R1XPI8HNZ51FLR	1	DIY didn't work Didn't work for me.  The instructions didn't have enough pictures for me as someone who has never done this before. I used a heat gun and thought I was doing it right, easy, but there was some sort of screen behind the glass that popped off with the glass.  That thing cracked and split like crazy when I tried to use the wire to separate it.  I assume that secondary screen was important since there was some sort of important-looking tab connecting it to the phone that disintegrated as I tried to remove the glass.  Ended up having to trash the phone.  There might be better instructions on YouTube or something, but I wouldn't suggest relying on the included instructions or really trying to DIY at all if you don't know what you're doing.
RWPQU7R2OLM9L	5	just like an otterbox just like an otterbox, without paying $$$ for it. Dropped phone plenty of times, didn't break or damage the case.
R2JE8O8KHNO1T4	5	It fits a need in great ways. It is sturdy and durable and should ... It fits a need in great ways. It is sturdy and durable and should last for many years. Thank you for this product...
R1H9472K591UQI	5	Five Stars Excelente producto
R1EI83BK4XVAVR	3	Smaller size needed If this was a little smaller it would be great but it fatigues my ear and I have to fiddle with it every so often.  I don't use it for phone calls so I can't speak to the call quality because I only use if for listening to YouTube, Netflix, etc.  I really do like it, just wish it was smaller or had a different size available.  If it could be made of a flexible material and not a hard plastic that would be nice too.
R3HQ032GET26LG	5	Five Stars excellent
RB3TF6DSZVL4X	5	Five Stars buttons work fine, sound is great with it.
R3CI5KV9MTXGZD	2	Avoid if you value your sanity Let me start off my stating my credentials:  I.T. UNIX Administrator Electrical Engineer Music/Sound aficionado  This is a 2000w rated Subwoofer with absolutely no RMS ratings, even from the manufacturer. I am pushing 350-400w *TRUE* RMS from a Kicker CX400.1 amplifier.  Within 3 Hours at low levels during the break-in period, poof, giant cloud of smoke from the back of my SUV. With my amperage and current monitors I calculate roughly 122w RMS being sent to the speaker.  Now, I was able to resolve this issue by removing the epoxy cover over the wire connecting the terminals across the speaker spider, and replacing them with movable copper coil wiring. Due to a MAJOR design flaw, the wires between the terminals and the voice coils are surrounded in heat shrink, giving it the single greatest point of failure that ever speaker manufacturer recognized in the 80's. However, after fixing these flaws the subwoofer has been performing optimally for 12 Hours now without another failure. I should have to fix ann obviously defective speaker just to have one work, but this leads me to my next gripe.  Amazon Customer Service: You Suck  I've made every effort to be fair in attempting an RMA and then canceling it, so as to prevent you from eating return shipping and refund costs, yet now I am being forward to your Claims Department for an overall review? Seriously? I have been providing Customer Service for over 10 Years and never have I gotten away with such poor treatment to any individual, be it a customer or a random person on the street.  This will be my last purchase from Amazon, and while I recognize I am only a single individual, I sincerely hope this starts a trend amongst all Amazon Customers who recognize that being treated like garbage does not fly with your paying Customers.  Thanks for the headache, hassle, and a fantastic experience.
RJ98DTGL78V6G	5	Awesome and Easy! The best one yet! Easy! As the title says this was the easiest protector I have ever put on. The instructions are pictures with text and very easy to understand which is a plus always. It gives you everything you need with an extra sticker to get those little bits that float on right before you apply. I like the tabs they give you so as to allow you to line up the protector and then stick them on and tab over the phone so you can fold the screen protector over and it stays lined up.  When I put this on I cleaned the screen with the supplied alcohol swab and then dried it with the supplied dry cloth I then removed the tab that protects the protector then stuck it on. Because of there process the thing just basically adhered it self to the phone. I bought two and the first one I didn't clean properly so there was one air bubble but with a little wiping it came out. It is very thick as compared to others I have tried and feels just like the phone screen instead of a cover. I really like it because of the way and that it goes on so easy. The fact that it is totally clear and feels just like the phone is perfect. I can't find anything wrong with this thing at all. The fact it is so cheap is another plus. Being that I just put it on I can't comment on durability but I think it will be fine because it is glass. I think I applied to both our phones in less then ten minutes and that was mostly cleaning time. Awesome!
R2K9XNZ80NMRAU	5	Five Stars Great product!
RCAT24U2NJ0AI	5	Five Stars Love it.
R1MQ3ICWE1VZQN	1	peels The picture is a thin film that peels easily, the case itself however is strong all around.
R11YYO5SLEA5LU	2	I have a case but no phone. New phone ... I have a case but no phone. New phone would not work. Had to pay postage up front to get the phojne taken back..So, now I may be stuck with a case.. My son needed the phone but now I am not knowing about another phone by mail??? What if this happens again.
R3T3WINCXU158O	3	... product did not provide much range which made it useless as a desk phone headset Unfortunately this product did not provide much range which made it useless as a desk phone headset.
R2JJ8QA0CAJ2N3	5	Awesome case! Great case. After spending over $20 for a crappy Spigen case, This is much better and looks cool too. I will buy another one for myself
RO0201L3G2P2	5	Installation was easy because the wires were already in place I replaced my non-working $20 back-up camera with this Pyle one. Installation was easy because the wires were already in place. Decent picture quality. Nice in daylight or pitch black night time. The only thing I noticed is it &quot;reacts slowly&quot;. My old one I had my Edge CTS monitor set for 2 seconds delay. This camera I had to set it for .5 seconds and it actually takes about 2-3 seconds to turn on. No worries. Seems to be much better quality than the last one I had. Hope it lasts!!
R3NDNAQJRYIEQL	5	Five Stars Nice product very good and prompt delivery will buy from 5his seller any time
R13LOO2RP0JBMB	4	iSens W1 In-Ear Lightweight Still adjusting to fitting of ear buds, much better results with changing out to a smaller set of ear buds that were included. Clarity of music is much better than with my previous ear phones
RXSQDOM7JTGDE	5	Five Stars Very good, it is perfectly design to protect the lcd display.
R1JXR97MXQWPZ0	3	Very pretty...could be easier to disassemble! Its a lovely case and really adds to my phone, however I think it makes my phone run hot. According to the other reviews here, it appears as if the case blocks signal and such, which could be making my phone work harder...hence it running hot. I've never had any of my iPhone's to run so often until I put the case on. I've had it for a few months and noticed my phone running hotter and loosing charge super often. I'm taking it off to see if anything changes. If it does, I'll come back and update. However, if it doesn't then this is another potential buyers may want to take into consideration prior to purchasing.  I have the case in rose gold, which is really pretty. Disassembly was a little hard, but once I got the hang of it I was able to pop it off easily. The case will scratch, but mines hasn't scratched too badly considering the daily wear and tear. Not a fan of the &#34;Soybeans&#34; branding on the back cover, could totally do without it!
R13J5FLJQ7RVBS	4	Works great,  while it lasts... Works right,  charges every time for me. The materials and workmanship is crap. The rubbber/foam that contacts the phone doesn't hold up. One day,  just driving along my phone & charger just drops to the floorboards,  scaring the crap out of me. One of the joints came unglued. Yeah,  they just used a dot of Superglue to keep some pieces together. I fixed it with some hardware so it's stronger than when I first received it,  but that's not the point. I shouldn't have to within two months of receiving.  Tl;Dr great deal if you have the talent/skill to fix what falls apart.  I would buy again.
RYNOIC2XOTTZC	5	The S6 as we know is a gorgeous device. I wish that I did not need a case for it... The S6 as we know is a gorgeous device. I wish that I did not need a case for it...  Pros: - Slim - Gives clearance if laying screen flat on a surface - Nice texture on the back, allows for better grip - Buttons / ports are not compromised  Cons: - Don't expect Otterbox protection - The rubber material can pick up fingerprints easily  Bottom Line: Provides good protection but it's meant more for aesthetics. For what it is, it's great...buy it.
R2U7HWYTDB5VTF	1	One Star Terrible period.
R1L75GRXDPG19U	5	Super Case!! Very sturdy case, I got this for my son because he is always dropping his phone and of course it breaks but I have a feeling he wont break it again with this rugged case!! It fits his phone perfectly too.
R1PHCAL0O9S0YV	1	One Star Not enough protection, would not recommend
R12QSHV29ZDW71	2	Two Stars It looks nice, but does not charge when my cell is on.
R2O5UQ713F3I2X	5	Five Stars What a great sportband for a great price.  Would recommend to others
RV8U2JLS69FWW	1	you get what you pay for Day one: Package had a different name brand on it? oh well. looked the same sp I kept them as they seemed to be good quality...Next day I used them at the gym and I noticed it was skipping songs. tried using to make a call and kept disconnecting. Sent back. No thank you
R392LYF1QOS6DU	4	Good for a backup HT. Receiver sensitivity not that great.  Audio output has a little hum to it.  Programming is a bit counter intuitive.  But, what can you expect for 28 bucks?  Going to stick it in my go bag for emergencies.
R1UPPJ4SKNNO6N	2	Worked well while it lasted on my iPhone 6s, ... Worked well while it lasted on my iPhone 6s, but the rubber &#34;fingers&#34; that wedge into the vents broke off after a couple weeks. Disappointing.
R1Z26CVDTDG8JV	5	Awesome cables, great price Awesome cables, great price
RNDD0RMW4O19U	1	Not a good make at all Opening is weird and it's hard to turn on
R2JY2Z27XK8W4H	5	Great replacement cord Works just fine.
R3SAKAC03KMAQU	5	Five Stars Grandson had no problems fixing his phone
R9O478PNB9241	1	Know what youre getting.. This only works if you have a signal somewhere for it to capture and send somewhere where you do not have a signal.  If you do not have a good signal at your home anywhere... don't bother it wont help.  Amazon only gives you 30 days to figure this out before they won't allow you to return it.
R1BT23W36W2XN5	1	No response from manufacturer I connected the device as instructed and then found out the website had updated instructions that were the reverse of what was included in the packaging. I tried to contact the manufacturer both by email and phone for additional support and received no response after a week of waiting. That said, I don't know the quality of the product but I'm not a fan of the manufacturer based on the experience.
R1PSCB1GCL46SJ	5	Perfect in every way... This is the BEST phone case I've ever had.  I should have gotten one in every color.
RAFXIZBCG0JH3	4	Four Stars Worked perfectly!
R2X5EXZ4HSX9R2	5	Five Stars Good product...meets my requirement
R1TOP7N7MYK5KA	3	works great in my mother in laws Dodge works great in my mother in laws Dodge.  But will not work on my 2013 Ford F150 Truck at all.  Good construction and holds the phone well.  If you have round air vents it will not work.  Has to be the rectangle with the square style grid.
R2UK1IWHCSIQZQ	5	The best iPhone 6+ temper glass screen protector EVER. Out of the two different tempered glass screen protectors I have bought, this has to be the best quality that I have used. I am the type of person that drops my phone often and the screen itself has protected my phone. The screen protector itself really feels like a glass, not some knock off kind of glass. It has definitely cracked since I had it, but I can say that it is of GOOD quality. I would recommend this out of the other temper glass that I am testing out as well. Id definitely would repurchase this again
R2LRFQCCZML407	5	Five Stars Great headphones work really well.
R2UE8GO774EOWZ	5	Five Stars Excellent
R1G4JBR03CKF59	3	Three Stars Side protection doesn't work. I had to remove them but front and back are ok
R2FTFY3ZOX92M9	5	Five Stars Good
R2AOFEE6OPXAF0	5	Five Stars I love it
R3UP1B2M2KD7IF	5	Five Stars Works better than i thought it would!
R93HP8A5ZBKCC	4	Four Stars As advertised
RO9LLBM9DS75T	3	Wouldn't recommend, there are way better choices Only one size of ear buds which are uncomfortably large. Wouldn't recommend, there are way better choices. On the positive side the battery life is good.
R1Z0IYF4PPRGIW	5	I love it. My favorite case by far This case fits my galaxy s6 perfectly and it is slim and sleek looking, I love it.  My favorite case by far, the best part is that it fits into my armband for my daily runs without having to take it on and off.  Love the fact that I can get the protection I want for my phone without a big bulky ugly case.  I received this product in exchange for an honest review.
RASNELPXWV8JK	1	One Star This product did not work it was a waist of my money
R1IK0FCFX5C21V	5	Great Fits phone perfectly.  Two piece set which can be intermixed with other colors of same product.  Bright colors, stones stay on back of case very well.  Great case
R1Z6OF8EVPS6NZ	1	Not worth it! I hardly ever respond to invitations to rate a product  but this one I had to. The first  week I accidentally dropped it and the cover broke off.Could not reattach it.Then I noticed that it does not charge sufficiently at all.i.e,it might charge maybe 50 % from a 30% deficit and that's being generous. It would have made more sense if it had been designed to charge both devices at same time. In short this was a waste of money. DO NOT BUY!
RX9YD5BKDTQV6	2	Would not recommend I really wanted to like this phone, I have several other ASUS products and they have been flawless, but this phone is not one of those products. Problems I've had with this phone: randomly reboots itself at least once a day, apps are constantly freezing forcing me to hold down the power button to restart the phone, when returning to the home screen from any app it takes at least 15-20 seconds before the home screen loads, when the apps aren't just freezing completely up they run really slowly, and there is A LOT of ASUS included bloadware pre-installed on this phone. Overall I'd say save the money and get a Samsung or LG phone as I've used both brands and had no issues with either.
R14DT3GULY7X61	5	Very good quality sim card tray for iphone!! Works!!
ROFYTYKRBGIQY	5	Very disappointed in this item I received the 4th car charger today and it is the same one as the 3rd and does not work. I will now ask for a refund and try getting the nuvi 200 car charger from another dealer.  Very disappointed in this item.
R1BHY68I9DRCLL	5	Durable iPhone 5 case by Stallion The Stallion iPhone 5 case is everything I expected. I like that I can plug in the headphones without removing the phone from the case/belt clip. Case is very durable and protects my phone very well.  I know this because I've already dropped my phone by mistake several times, and not a scratch!
R2FWHDDB14ZGQ0	1	waste of money It was not what I thought it would be .  Did not fit the phone, waste of money
R2CJC992NYQ5ZP	2	It worked great the first couple of weeks but then all of ... Bought it on Prime Day. It worked great the first couple of weeks but then all of a sudden it quit working. I charged it via the wall socket and also tried charging it through my computer, both times the green light indicator was full but as soon as I took it off charge it died.
RP4CVSAYJ4SZT	4	Four Stars Great product  for the price
R1PUH7REJXE960	5	Five Stars Cool design durable
R3I30N9FQ3XS6X	2	Poor battery life Poor performance, I replaced my battery because I had to replace my broken screen so I figured I would do the battery while I was in the phone and rejuvenate it, but no... This battery doesn't last as long as my almost 3 year old battery did. Luckily I saved my old one and intend to swap it back out when I get the chance. Don't bother buying this...
R368MBKEJM2VV6	5	Great product! Exceeded expectations. Charges just as well as my fast adaptive home charger. Great product!
R11R123Y0M13K7	5	Warranty question My charger is not working, I was wondering how I could exchange it?
R1VI2VL45ZJ7EJ	5	great phone case this case is absolutely perfect
R3DCU1PBXVOWQA	5	Very pleased with my purchase Very pleased with my purchase!  Item is exactly as described. Much better car charger than what the cell phone companies try to sell you when you purchase your phone.
R14LKV89A51THZ	5	Five Stars It's good
RRF2Y2EJU53LB	4	Did its job! I found the case for the most part to be a great buy! The only issue I had was it fid fog upbsome being in a hot humidg climate. I did not submerge for long periods under water, I still felt nervous doing so. I did a test before hand however with paper towel in case under water for a longer period and it remained completely dry. All in all I was very pleased with this product and had several people ask me about it.
R1WIDP5Z1Y41C7	5	Very pleased! Works great! So glad I replaced my old one.
RG1438K3KA2K4	5	... and you can also use it as a walkman like the old this was exactly what i was looking for to upload my music to my computer and you can also use it as a walkman like the old days
R29SBINIZA7MV6	5	works great little bit of work to replace, but cheaper than a new phone, especially when the only reason I needed it in the first place was due to a bent pin inside the USB.
R3679K210UP7CN	5	Always satisfied -- Annex products never disappoint - best case on the market !  Lucky I got it apparently annex disc. this model on their site already had the 5 retired & 6 case needed this one for a work issued 5c.
R31CDCFGNYHTV5	1	Protector Not Was not what I expected.  Thought it was a glass protector with hard shell. Did not like it at all.
R2XWKZY9UI6KYO	5	Great car mount This car mount is great to use. It is a little heavier and bulkier than I like, but over all great quality and works wonderful. I would recommend this product to anyone. It is a nice feeling as well and doesn't scratch your stuff.
RNQBDC0H5R4L4	5	BEST SCREEN SHIELD! Best screen chield I have ever had.  Easy to apply and remove if needed.
RHUBGM9JZ8FK1	1	Case Does Not Fit! Trust the reviews from the previous customers who have purchased this case and rated a low score: it doesn't fit the buttons on the phone. Both sides of the case seemed to be loose as oppose to a snug fit that we all should expect. In turns, the buttons are extremely hard to press because you sacrificed their tactility by putting on the case. However, as one of the only few companies who actually makes a case for the Galaxy S6 Active, you're very limited to the choices. Well, this phone is called &#34;Active&#34; for a reason so I'll just go without a case from now on.  On the pictures, please examine the side edges carefully before you consider purchasing this case. As you can see on either side of the phone, the case is lifted.
R2NJQ0YOP8WLKH	5	Great product. Looks great Great product. Looks great, feels great in your hand and very sturdy. screen is clear and still sensitive to touch. well done.
R1NX3AMRXTPTJQ	5	Five Stars Comfortable fit. Easy to set up and use with my phone. Great price.
RUMXGLQB6EYOS	4	Fits perfectly and comes off pretty easy. I love the Speck cases but hard ... Fits perfectly and comes off pretty easy. I love the Speck cases but hard to take off. My only issue is the there isn't much of a bump or cushion to protect the screen from getting damaged if it lands face down. Other than that it's a great case.
RBXGXXBF2Y9FK	5	Five Stars Great and excellent product, protect excellent the iPhone Screen.
R633ZZKZM72TG	5	Five Stars Great Product
R2UJLBEGGZ7IJJ	5	Nice Good case, took forever to get it delivered but great for the iPhone 5c because it allows you to see the color on the back of the phone. Does not interfere with use of the phone. Great buy for the price if you have the patience to wait for it.
R2TMJ8DPAC5KSO	5	great product!!! Not really one to write a review but I am one to read a review. Being that this is a great product I had to go on record and let everyone know. I've had  many headphones on my ears or in my ears so my 5 star rating is for sound quality,engineering and definitely price.
RMP1M8M4WNNQ9	5	Five Stars Very useful and easy to use. Puts the phone where it should be and easily adjustable
R2L1756WM86M6Y	5	Perfect This is the highest quality screen I've ever gotten. Works and looks great and doesn't feel cheap like other screens I've purchased in the past. Well worth the price.
R2FIPNY84Z6IY9	1	One Star These suck... don't buy them. Mine stopped working within a week... waste of money
R1T67F6DEKBP0O	1	One Star poor quality
R140VA52RI9NA9	1	One Star The product was not as advertised.  It does't file the standard outlet for an American Vehicle
R2A1VVM8AZ1GBU	4	not completely bubble free Not completely anti bubble but I would say mostly. Easy to install, and it fits great.
R2Y58L27S94M4I	5	must buy Totally worth it!! Exactly like the description has lasted me a really long time even went to the beach and sand scratched it but I can still see crystal clear. Makes screen Very sensitive accidentally deleted apps on my main screen while in pocket. Also includes screen cleaner and stickers to help you place it on your phone, recently dropped it hard and screen protector cracked but only about an 1in in length in center and did not break actual screen, can still use my phone perfectly! Will buy again and again!
RMV3381X4VLVI	1	Did I get sham-boozled?? This is going right back!  This product is of poor quality and looks and feels like plastic with a cloudy appearance.  I am sceptical that this is an actual BLUBOON-Tempered due to the fact that NO WHERE on the package is the name &#34;Bluboon&#34;. Just says Made In China.  Really peeved about this purchase.  Dont appreciate being cheated and mislead.
R16L7KGKH58ECH	5	I love the color of this case I love the color of this case. I love that it's protective but not bulky. I love the feel of the case.
R2FWLM7VS2BTP0	3	Great for phones, not for my tablets. It chargers really fast on Samsung phones but for Samsung tablets, I didn't see a huge difference between the original charger and this. I thought the length of the cords would make a difference so I interchanged them and put them side by side to see the charging speed and it didn't matter. It just didn't charge fast enough.
R31LZBW75IUGF5	5	Five Stars After doing much research we have found this product to be the best product value and fast shipping was even better, thank you..Want to stand out buy one of these fun bunny phone covers. I love this cover so much...
R1JUB9WB2PFUVO	3	Very good for the technology of today Very good for the technology of today. I only gave 3 stars because it's not very usable, the tech. needs to mature.
R34C784NDDU3MF	5	Cool! Fits great! Love the color!
R1SBGBPIYHZXRH	5	Five Stars I love it, great fit and lightweight
R1XOGO33JRSUKZ	3	Just OK The wallet is OK.  It would not be my 1st choice again.  The magnet is on the wrong side so it stays open but not closed. The kickstand was not in the package and even after claiming it I never received one.
R6E7N53QTZ0XP	1	One Star Poor quality and dont stay or fit in my ears.
RDA9ZLHQ2LK5G	5	love it! works very very well !! love it !
R18IZ5W255KNQX	5	Five Stars great buy
R2120Y1SLFV3EK	1	One Star speaker is tinny
R2JQEPKR3FFPJX	5	Five Stars it's a good buy! enjoyed using it.
R3EKA1S6YSOIQY	5	If you have a Moto 360 and want to keep the screen looking new. Buy it. Came in handy while moving. I shouldn't have worn my moto 360 but I got the warranty so I wasn't too worried. Saved the screen multiple times.  Glad it came with 3 cause dust got under the first one and the second one got scratched real bad on a wall while moving the couch.
R1UATBX54GH4RI	3	Three Stars charges to slow
RND6F6EJ3I4OA	4	Thank you Nice just to bulky
R1R72ZP2B55N05	1	Did not fit phone. I verified that it is the model advertised but it did not fit the phone.
RADISCS7OA61R	1	not good! No good I can't use it! Makes me sound muffled when I am talking!
R6U9OAVBGGEHQ	3	Three Stars It's ok
R8KYWXUENY3LP	5	Five Stars Does the job and charged really fast
RTF6959LGEMJX	5	Superb device I absolutely love this phone. The user interface the sleek design the battery life all is exceeded my expectations.
R2S1MGVRLTZQOU	5	Great product great service. Kept our iPhones safe and dry kayaking and in the pool. Worked as intended during a sea kayaking trip. We spend a lot of time in and or around water this has been extremely useful. I also use it as a yard supervisor as I don't wear a watch and never have pockets so I can tell the time.
R3N66JK8TJ1DQR	5	Five Stars Awesome! Very happy with it.
R3H7BW0WJRGD9K	5	I ordered one of these and the sliding door was ... I ordered one of these and the sliding door was impossible to open. I messaged the company to explain the problem, and they sent me a new one free of charge! The second case works perfectly--does exactly what it's intended to do!
RWGNALI6L9TG0	5	Five Stars love this case! not bulky but with good coverage. great design. loved the color!
R3IN57CRC1IZC2	3	Three Stars have to take protective cover off to insert, very tight fit anyway
RYMP19U7CRXHV	4	Works as advertised I am happy with this product so far.  Easy to pair easy to use.  Sound quality is good and the fit is comfortable for my ears.  I wish they had it available for left ear as I have some hearing loss in right ear but that would be my only issue.
R1LOCEM2LJQ2RV	5	Five Stars Awesome
R32PZFER2BQ1ZD	3	OK Interesting Proof-of-Concept, but does not track through screen protectors.
R1MMJNU3YGHWU5	5	Five Stars great product! i get many complements on it
R14Z144NV2A2FY	2	2003 BMW Z4 - Required Modification (Did not work out of the box) In my 2003 BMW Z4, this product didn't work as expected. It plugged in and fit just fine to the back of the factory radio, but no AUX functionality. After cutting it apart, I noticed that it is missing the 1x 300kOhm resistor and 2x 0.022uF capacitors. If you wire the capacitors in series with the L and R wires, and the resistor in parallel in between, then your factory radio will work to recognize the AUX input.  Overall, 2 stars because it didn't work out of the box and required a lot of modification to work properly. Price was cheap though.
R7LM3223V26ZX	5	Very Happy so Far So far so good. I have a Surface Pro which requires the AC adapter port and have had the opportunity to test the device out. Very happy so far.
R13XNSSAEGIM9H	5	... did not slip on my shower wall at all like my previous one I bought for 10 dollars more Works really well and did not slip on my shower wall at all like my previous one I bought for 10 dollars more. I really like this product! My showers are extremely better without having to worry about getting my phone water damage.
R3QF7JFDRXISUW	5	Five Stars I like it.
RBOGVNOT0V04G	5	Five Stars I luv it 👍
R4EKKJJBKUKUV	1	Buyer, beware! This item arrived on time and the color is exactly what I wanted.  However, the hard OtterBox outter case won't completely snap shut.  Took it to my local Verizon store where an employee took one look at it and said that he was &#34;almost sure&#34; that it's a knock-off.  Evidently, the product's serial number doesn't match any serial number made for a 4S iphone.  He was able to get the case on well enough so that the soft cover is about 3/4 on; but this case will not provide much protection.  This is the first time I've ever been displeased with an Amazon product.  I bought what , I thought, was an OtterBox (that's how the product is advertised); and instead, I seem to received a fraudulent item.  Very disappointed.
R180U4RYGAKQHR	4	Good mount but the bolt stripped first time i used it. Fits my go pro good, but the nut stripped first time i tried screwing it on, luckily i have a giant surplus of gopro supply's so i stole a nut off one of the other mounts which didn't fit snugly in so i glued it, the material looks sturdy enough, looks and feels just like my gopro brand hat mount.
R2684Y6RPRAZ2U	5	"Money well spent" Quick delivery,very nice cables/good build 👍😃
R3EIGDS54F08B5	5	Five Stars Good product
R12QUVRGA3YWWN	5	Satisfied customer. As described and fast shipping.  Satisfied customer.
R2Z5LPB8PSYOGR	5	... this case for over two months and I still love it. Enough space for up to three credit ... Had this case for over two months and I still love it.  Enough space for up to three credit cards in each slot.  Stylus is easy to access for me.
R2MSIPKQD2P04A	5	Five Stars Excellent Thank You..
R2W2EC0M4MBCJ2	1	One Star Damaged upon arrival!
R3DL0Y1KWYLD5X	5	You won't be disappointed! Let me just say for starters, thank the gods for the rubber &#34;grip&#34; on the back of this case! I accidentally left my phone on the top of my car and it stayed on for a good half a mile ride (with turns). All in all its a great case! It's slim, looks great, can take a hit (or drop), and what I really like is that it has a wider opening at the charge port to accommodate non Apple brand chargers.
R3386F7NU111Y7	5	Most secure phone mount for your bike, period. I purchased 2 of these mounts for both of my road bikes and frankly I am VERY pleased with them. I used to have a quad lock previously and I feel this is even sturdier and love that it angles up for using the camera as well. During a local century several riders asked about the mount and seemed to really have lots of positive things to say about it.
R766K0CT1KSJH	5	Mine is a 15000mAh RavPower and I love mine so I wanted to get my daughters one ... I bought 2 of these for Christmas presents for this coming year. My daughter bought me one last year. Mine is a 15000mAh RavPower and I love mine so I wanted to get my daughters one too. I keep mine in my purse and if my cell phone needs charging I don't have to figure out where I'm going to charge it if I'm out shopping. They are also strong enough to charge a tablet as well. It is kind of heavy but so worth having around.
R1H2UJ0DPQAO40	2	Unhappy  I relieved my case in two days with prime membership.  The clear case looked great when I first put it OK now my new Galaxy S6 Edge+ and it fits just perfectly like a glove.  Unfortunately it is not scratch resistant.  The very first day of usage I saw scratches on it and it was in my purse pocket with nothing else in it.  My phone does not look as glamorous as it should with these scratches on the crystal clear cover.
R3N4TGXVX85HHD	3	Three Stars No vibration at the reception of a call
R3MUKVC852EV8M	5	These are the best out there These are the best out there. Could have been a bit more longer but then it might have been harder to hold it. Anyways quality product
RCQ9K8WUAZVOG	1	One Star Phone has to be at least two feet with in it to work
RYOAMJKJZXJ4Z	5	Works just fine Although this is fairly outdated now due to the new lightning connector, this is a sturdy little device you can get a quick, one time charge out of in a pinch. Is fairly slow to recharge, but aside from that, nice device.
R1HXBP9N1QSIGS	4	Plastic is a lot more flimsy than I thought it ... Plastic is a lot more flimsy than I thought it would be but the case was too cute to pass up.
R12PUNV1NC9BAH	1	Big disappointment I was looking forward to this stylish phone purse. Unfortunately, it's one of the cheapest products I've received from Amazon. The wristlet is useless. The strap is attached to the hook instead of the ring, and there's no way to connect it to the purse. One of the hooks on the long strap does not close until it's forced. I doubt it will last long.
R18IUXN7L4ZNQM	5	Five Stars Great product. Relatively easy to install and does look like glass.
R3NUSEJ53SQWYX	5	Great customer service - my issue was resolved and I ended up loving the case I had issues with my first case and was able to troubleshoot very well with the company. After we couldn't find a solution they resent me product for free and now I have a case that is awesome and I love it. So not only is the product great but the customer service was amazing. Thanks :)
R3BUUG8ZIT52E2	1	Don't Waste Your Time or Money! I purchased these headphones March 20th 2015 off of Groupon & boy am I still dreading do so. I always have my Apple EarPods so I purchased these for gym use. Now I just don't use them at all! They slow up the process on my iPhone. Every click while typing, every music note, every noise period is caused with delay with the phone and headphones are paired. The sound quality is horrible. When trying to watch a movie or video while the headphones are paired, the headphones are trying to catch up to the video...it's like watching a Chinese movie w/o subtitles. It's a headache. One good thing I can say about this product is that the battery lasts for quite some time. Otherwise than that DO NOT PURCHASE!
RV3RCCISNDF6F	5	but still a cool phone. reminds me of the blackberry old phone for this technology (2015)...but still a cool phone. reminds me of the blackberry.
R2UIB2E2J55342	1	installed battery and worked great for a few weeks but now wont hold a ... installed battery and worked great for a few weeks but now wont hold a charge. not worth the hassle of return shipping charges. should have listened to previous reviews
R3DFSH39BXVA6C	3	Three Stars looked neat but some of the pressed flowers stuck thru the plastic
R3C1WYS0L9AEXK	1	One Star Nt i expected hate it
R3GE7FLLUK8FXX	4	Thinnest iPhone 5s case? [[VIDEOID:2341f14120dc21efbefe97676ba89d64]] Watch video here in HD on YouTube: http://youtu.be/7mK6GAnr80Q  A great case to keep your iPhone 5s looking sexy and minimalistic. I usually have my phone naked except when I travel, I usually have a Mophie battery case when I do. This simulates a naked like feel when handling it however during my review I did find something that did not suit well. Here are my thoughts;  Pros: -Ultra thin case -Comes with a stylist -Comes with a screen protector (basic level) -Very durable -Flexible  -Transparent however multiple colors are available  Cons: -Cutouts are not precise, at least on the review unit I received -Volume buttons are hard to press  Conclusion: Overall this case is not bad, I really love how thin and durable it is. Just because I had issues with the volume buttons this lost a star. I also really like how it came with a screen protector and a stylist, especially considering how affordable this case is.  Disclaimer: I am a professional product reviewer and was provided this unit in exchange for my honest opinion.
R2UZ0UYRSDW29Y	5	Five Stars These are the best earbuds on the market.  Best quality.
R35QT0MO9FYJ07	5	Five Stars I love it great case.
R200LK3E38EVS6	2	buy 2, buy 2 , one would run a few weeks the wifi and then stopped when I wanted to make a claim had already spent time replacement
R3OSU2B08A40CQ	1	I've lost my Christianity with the Urpower selfie stick Do you like trying to piece together broken English? Do you enjoy the rage the comes with putting together a selfie stick with no instructions? Than look no further than the Urpower selfie stick!  First of all, the English was heinous. I've traveled to 15 countries and I've never been more confused than I was trying to put this together.  The instructions also must be focused on some older or newer model than my phone, because it instructs you to open the camera and click on the gear icon. Welp, the gear icon doesn't exist. So that was a delight.  I guarantee that I was putting it together incorrectly, but my phone was very flimsy and loose in the selfie stick. I'm taking this bad boy on a road trip with me and am going to be holding it over the cliffs of Acadia in Maine? Probably not.  I will return, 100%. I would not recommend this product unless you're some sort of engineer, speak broken English fluently, or have enough wine to give you some clarity on how to set this up.
R2FFZIVAN36ZEY	3	It was nice initially but the diamond fell off pretty quickly It was nice initially but the diamond fell off pretty quickly. I couldn't find the lose piece so I couldn't glue it back together. I wish they stay on a bit longer.
R2FU0ARKNLSYX2	5	Elegant I love this case . It fits perfectly the new Moto G 3 . It looks elegant , i got the black one , nice smooth  leather , no smell , magnet closes fine . It doesn't have sleep/wake function , but I don't like that function because it interferes in the on/off of the phone itself  . Good protection , the leather borders are a little bigger than the rubber case inside in a way that if phone falls it will hit the leather corner first. It has space for cards , but i don't use either not to add volum , plus , i don't want to use a phone as a wallet . Perfect case . I will use it until it lasts .
R3CMO1H4WSAS5W	1	DO NOT BUY Seriously, do not buy this. The battery is worse than the one I was trying to replace. Waste of money.
RXKWBP0W72HTF	4	looks great! Protects phone very well, looks great!
R1Z40KH23UNRAJ	4	Four Stars fair
REOG2MR73X7F7	5	Five Stars I am very happy with my purchase.
R1AN41NLSV27EN	5	Five Stars Works
R3EGDTFDMCOOG4	5	Jackery Titan 18000mAh Premium Travel Charger I was sent this Jackery Titan travel charger from the Jackery company to test and provide an unbiased review of this product. When I opened the box I found a 1.- orange 18000mAh travel charger, 1.-Instruction Manual, 1.- Thank you card, 1.- 18-month warranty, 1.-USB Micro Cable. The first thing I did was read the instruction manual, as I normally do with every product that is the best way to learn about your product. This Jackery Titan is Jackery's largest travel charger that currently make with 18000mAhs of power, with that much power it is perfect for any long road trip or long flight you may need to make. This charger will be able to deliver the power you will need. It has dual outputs so you can use it to power multiple devices, it also has a LED flashlight in case you should need it. To recharge this battery from a zero charge it will take about 11 hours. To check your battery level, all you have to do is press the power button once and the LEDs will light up and show you how much power you have left in your battery if you have; 1 LED blinking: you have &#60; than 5% power, 1-LED on (Steady)-5%-25%, 2- LEDs on- 25%-50%, 3 LEDs on- 50%-75%, 4 LEDs on- 75%-100%. When you have only one blinking LED it is time to re-charge your device. This battery charger comes with an 18-month warranty from Jackery.    I highly recommend this Titan 18000mAh battery travel charger from Jackery for anyone who owns any electronics and travels anywhere with them, or has kids and may need a great battery charger for those just in case times. This is Jackerys' biggest and best, so far. It is made to be used and recharged over 500 times. It has a LED flashlight you can use for when you get caught in low light situations. The amount of charges you get from this portable battery charger is really great,if you are travelling on a long trip this Jackery Titan is all you need to take with you. It has enough power that it will get you through the longest phone calls, business meetings, movies, online classes, or that level on your Call of Duty:Black Ops ( or whatever your game maybe). This battery pack will deliver the power you need plus some, plus it can power two devices at the same time. (Please realize that if you are powering 2 devices it will reduce your power level much faster, and you won't have as much to use).This product is covered by Jackerys' 18-month warranty from the Jackery company, If you have any problems, questions or need to know anything just contact the Jackery company, they will  be happy to help in any way they can.    &#62;I was sent this Titan 18000mAh travel charger from Jackery without cost, so I could test and provide an unbiased review of this product for the Jackery Company. All opinions are 100% honest, true, and my own.gs, movies, online classes, or that level on your Call of Duty:Black Ops ( or whatever your game maybe). This battery pack will deliver the power you need plus some, plus it can power two devices at the same time. (Please realize that if you are powering 2 devices it will reduce your power level much faster, and you won't have as much to use).This product is covered by Jackerys' 18-month warranty from the Jackery company, If you have any problems, questions or need to know anything just contact the Jackery company, they will  be happy to help in any way they can.    &#62;I was sent this Titan 18000mAh travel charger from Jackery without cost, so I could test and provide an unbiased review of this product for the Jackery Company. All opinions are 100% honest, true, and my own.
R2J9XP50WXU4W8	4	Great so far! I've only used it a couple of days, but so far so good. Long cord, fast charging, as long as it holds up, I'm happy with this product.
R1LPHX7IW6UR4Z	5	Five Stars Great case - I love it!
R3D5PFAUPDM2G7	5	Five Stars Very cute, bigger then I expected but so cute on my phone.
R116H1WCUO5NC2	5	Five Stars Samsung Galaxy S5 fits well!
R2PAP07ADN0XYO	5	Five Stars Product was exactly as described!
R1Y8IOH9TAOO0T	5	Needed protection My stepson needed a covering to protect his mp3 player and he found this. It works great and priced good.
RU57LPROGUZXF	5	On second Linear neck loop I am on my second Linear Bluetooth Neck Loop. I used my first Linear neck loop for over a year before it quit. I find the bluetooth version much easier to use and much less of a hassle than wired neck loops. I strongly recommend it.
R2YXMNYPCW3YDA	5	Five Stars Thanks
R3P0E3L6VVRF08	5	Five Stars These work great in my Galaxy Avant.
RG5C3NK16HNZT	3	Never worked out of the box. The packaging was the OEM box in a envelope. After waiting 2hrs taking out stereo and trouble shooting the camera was defective. Here is advice, dot. Waist time wiring till you test first. The camera chasie was really high quality, the size was fine for a 05 Corolla.
R29DYF2MTY6SMR	5	Can't thank you enough! Love the case.  It fits perfect to my iPhone. Their customer service is great and super fast to respond any questions and inquiries.  I actually ordered the 6 instead of the 6 plus and they did not hesitate in helping me out!
R1T1ZKDWAJ3ICM	5	Five Stars it was good
R3GS7IIUWMK3MY	1	One Star did not used it and returned because flimsy
R2NBOGOAUHMU5O	5	Phone secure Fits like a glove around my phone and it feels secure.
RBLRGV5VARX58	2	[Updated 2016-11-03] (Seemed like a) great update to a solid product. I have updated my review for the following reasons:  1.  The foam pads were impossible to re-apply, and the side pieces don't create enough grip to hold an iPhone 6s plus.  2.  The bottom feet do not stay in place, and as they're the primary load-bearer, it's no longer a good unit for me to have.  I got my year's worth out of it, and if you're okay with buying a new one every year, that's cool.  ##### Original review follows #####  I'm very happy with the unit so far. I previously used a dash-mount unit from MPOW, and I was very happy with it until an Alabama summer made short work of the glue holding the foam pads in place. This unit uses the same design, which is why this gets just four stars. I'm ready to use a stronger adhesive when the time comes.  For value, this mount is hard to beat! Having the phone much closer is very, very nice.
R3VGPECZ4ZCMSW	4	Pretty Good. Great Watch for the Price. I'm ready to Upgrade to a Samsung or a Motorolla for more features and Smooth operation but works good for the price.
R2FRE3RKYJW9BD	1	One Star Doesn't fit the phone properly
R3TTYBNL7QQWGK	5	Five Stars Fast.
R3X2WE5IMLED3	5	Beautiful case! This is an absolutely stunning case. The colors are incredibly vibrant and look painted on the back of this case. The silicone makes it easy to put on your phone and it's a soft case so no hard edges jabbing at you if you are like me and tend to put your phone in your back pocket. I like that it is a thinner case so it's not to bulky and it's easier to hold for someone like me with smaller hands. This case is definitely a great deal at less than $10. This is one of those cases that you will be so pleased with, you may never want to change it.  I received this free in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.
R3K8H84PVLCB1D	5	Great budget case My wife and I both bought IPhone 6's and we wanted slim cases. If you're looking for moderate protection with little bulk, this affordable case is a great option. It's sleek and has nice styling; plastic on the side and back and durable rubber on the top, bottom and corners.  My wife purchased a comparable otter box symmetry and I like this better.  Pros: Price Durable Stylish No loss of key use  Cons: 2 piece design (plastic shell snaps over rubber) Would like better grip on sides
RQ085P9VIXJJG	2	O.k., but fell apart O.k. for the price. However it completely fell apart after six months of use. I'm not sure if its demise had something to do with the fact that my wife tends to stuff too many things into a wallet.
R59F40MC9OU5Y	5	Love this cord and the company Love this cord and the company.  When my cord suddenly stopped working, I contacted the seller and they were very helpful and promptly replaced the cord with a new one.  I have not had a problem with the new cord.
R2YXBYW1568U5I	5	Five Stars Great!
R3R7615KZW34T1	5	Nice, and easy installation Nice, and easy installation. I have been using this for almost a month directly connected to my car's fuse box a permanent charging solution for my iPhone. Has been working great so far!
R4V7SP843AF7L	5	Five Stars Great item
R2VTJYM2VRSCCM	5	Five Stars great
R1LRXU0DKUVILD	5	Best case I ever spent money on 5 stars all day long!! Dropped it as soon as I put it on my phone, nothing, perfect! All the buttons and switches work and my signal is BETTER with the case on then off. Best investment I have ever made in a case, any brand, any material. Thank you for making such a awesome case. The only issue I have is sometimes it's hard to touch with the thick glass but I adapted to it.
R29MU9IIW46S9R	4	I am driving one sub so just buy an amp that's overrated for your sub and you'll be good Does the job the bass knob works. I am driving one sub so just buy an amp that's overrated for your sub and you'll be good
R2JIP5SL6UZRH3	5	Really stepped up my iPhone photography game! Best idea I had to up my iPhone photography game. Love how the wide screen expands the view of the camera and how this allows for all lenses to work with both the front and back camera. Great quality.
R20C7M4ZFCNR34	5	Five Stars Thank you for your dealings and goods Good
R30I0N51A2DLNV	3	Three Stars experience problems with the device connecting to my device...
R70B5HQZVVA08	3	Dose thiswatch work with the moto G Dose this watch work with the moto G 3
R2SA7ZRE2TXAS0	5	Five Stars Good
R29NM67F7BKUZ1	5	Security! My wife loves this case and it makes her feel safe using her phone. She loves how it feels in her hands too.
R2LXYBWTNNMN81	5	Exceeds Manufacturers Claims The charger surpasses the manufacturers claims of power and ease of use it works for all of my Samsung Galaxy  products plus my Toshiba Satellite laptop. I would recommend this product and brand to anyone looking for the extra security of a backup power source for my mobile devices.
R2NZ3IWT4JHQJF	5	Five Stars Easy to apply, saved screen.
R34WVFS6X0ZP8B	1	One Star Malfunctioned after 2 uses
R1ZXAVPAXLYAOS	3	Three Stars Looks nice but closure is really too tight if you have cards or anything in the slots.
R3HCK0CJGPGFU5	5	Five Stars as described
R1K9UWJC01J5VE	4	Weekend wallet solution Pros:I love that I can put two cards in the case and don't need to carry a wallet. The curve shape of the case makes it easier to carry my phone around. Easy access to ports and pronounced power and volume buttons. The back snaps on/off easily and securely. Great price. Cons: The case is a little bulkier than most cases. The shiny back of the case shows every fingerprint smudge. The front edge of the case is flush with the phone, so I can't face it down. There is a longer ledge around the camera opening that may impede the effectiveness of the flash.
R27WH2QG7CEN7L	5	Happy with this simple solution to tangled cords Bought this for my husband, who always had tangled ears cords. Now.. not so much ( as he only, puts one ear piece in his ear. The other one is tangled, but wrapped up and away). Happy with this simple solution to tangled cords.
R1CUX9VA0KEZBA	1	Are u guys serious about this? Are u guys serious about this ? I just got it today and as soon as I opened it i got so mad
R6AAFMII09N3P	5	Love my new case This case is not only stylish but very functional. It keeps my phone protected from scratched snd I find the magnet to be bery secure.
RXYSDSOTBYK0G	5	Five Stars Magical lights and stuff!
R21OLM6M7SP3AC	4	Four Stars It works well
R21GCFDFYCFJGP	5	iPphone 5S Case My spouse has one of these and really likes it, so I thought I'd try it.  It has a good grip and I don't have to use a case to carry my phone in.
R201TWXKC3L50F	5	Suction cup will not stay stuck to glass.  and the solution. It worked great  until it fell off the windshield and the glass shattered.  Suction cup worked well for a few months. then it started falling off constantly. then one time it fell and did not survive. touchscreen is now non-functional.  Update: I called Garmin CS (800-800-1020, got thru right away).  Got several good suggestions for the suction cup.  clean glass and suction cup with rubbing alcohol (not windex) and micro fiber cloth. wet cup before applying to glass.  or try the portable friction mount.  And then, even though my warranty is expired, they offered to repair it for free (replace with refurbished unit).  I am very happy.   Performance wise, the Garmin is the best. So I am happy to stay with the brand,  I bought the friction mount on amazon an it stays on the dash solid as a rock.
R17F5FAUGDLVXT	5	5 stars Very neat case. fits perfectly.
R1NNHHK3RB3DMZ	3	Cute design Super cute. Fits in my back pocket perfect though the material is PVC tends to crack easy. But love the design
R3B3MSBNOU6MOQ	4	Four Stars Pretty good for the money.
R1RPZ56936SQCH	5	Didn't need any of the added behind-the-ear holders as it is so lightweight when you get a good fit it isn't going anywhere [[ASIN:B00YCCOAMQ [Newest Version 4.0] Tronfy &#34;iWork&#34; Mini 4.0 Longest Battery Life in Minimal Sheltered Wireless Bluetooth V4.0 In Ear Headset Earbud/Headphone Earpiece Earphone w/Mic Support Stream Music/Video/Audio For iPhone 6,6 Plus,5,5S,5C, Most Bluetooth Enable Device- Apple Andriod Smartphone(Coffee)]]  Works as expected. Once I chose the right earpiece insert it feels so natural I almost forget I have it in. Didn't need any of the added behind-the-ear holders as it is so lightweight when you get a good fit it isn't going anywhere. Sound is good. All in all a great little ear piece.
ROJ14RS5ZG1I	5	Five Stars I reviewed it in great time and it fits perfect!!! Thank you!!!
R1CQRXSKQTKSX5	1	never agine The case is cheap very cheap
RSIO6MWYON4VG	4	Great for people on the go I am a mom, always on the go. It is sad to say, but before this, I had never owned a car charger and always wanted to get one. I was happy when I got to try this product for a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review. After getting my package, which I must say came very fast. I opened it up and didn’t need any directions because it is super easy to use. I would recommend this product for everyone, but if you are someone always on the go and need to charge your devices. This would really save you in an emergency and everyone should always have one on them.  Pro’s Easy to use Great price Great quality Fits most cell phones and other devices Cool colors
R3LN157C7STBQW	5	Five Stars Love it, period!
R2YODJBINUVE7B	5	Five Stars Wonderful! Really protects this small gem.
R2R79R4ESKOPF	5	great selfie stick! It was great! My teenager loved it !
R30F6RQMV0SMLW	5	Five Stars Love it!
R2YH5DD3ZH0C1	5	Five Stars works awesome
R1QU7CQ1WF6USA	5	GHATTERGUARDZ gets a 5-Star Rating Excellent product.  Attached easily, fit perfectly, works better than the phone surface itself.  Excellent addition to a great phone (Samsung S4).
R1NR81TXE3TBDE	2	Ok buy if you don't mind fighting with it... Does not work with the PIXI 7 unless you cut a little notch out for the power button. Also other than the first little bump the bumps to hold the tablet up are useless.
R2A1DBULU60MD4	4	Art design on back would be nice. My boyfriend bought me this case and I love it (despite the blah look)! Charges up/is recognized faster on a Qi wireless charger than my boyfriend's LG G3 (with a Qi receiver attached to the back of his phone).  A big big BIG CON is how it renders the audio port inaccessible. &#34;*** This wireless receiver phone case is designed to be used with original Apple iPhone only&#34; Yeah. I get that, but the OEM Apple headphones are Pieces of S. -.-  Great charging phone none the less.
R20MI3CNYD5BT3	3	This phone case is super cute, although expensive This phone case is super cute, although expensive. I've dropped my phone twice with this case and both times the case has popped off after falling. Nothing has happened to my phone, so it does protect it, it just pops off after. I've had a couple of stones fall out, which is expected, but that's been before the fall.
R3FZ7KOMIJHJWE	5	Five Stars great gift for my daughter
R3C3KQPH7YO17J	2	Too small to fit regular sized phones Said it would fit my phone, but my phone was too big to fit in it. Disappointed.
R34COC1E7KAUFV	5	Great case! This case is slim and sleek while still giving my phone the protection that I need. It took a little concentration to apply but I am VERY happy with my purchase and will be buying this brand again.
R1TZQI7H8861DP	5	Five Stars d
R31AEMWTGA70YZ	3	Poor fit! the case looks gorgeous - however the case if slightly bowed across its width making the case fit poorly.  For the price I would have expected a perfect case.  I contacted the company via their website and have heard nothing.
R33ZL5P1CY6K2S	3	Case is adorable, although quite bulky Case is adorable, although quite bulky as I'm sure you can imagine from the picture of the item. Several of the stones fell off in the 3 month time-span I used this case for, but I was expecting just as much.
R13GOCGUZBHPWD	2	Just not good enough to keep As others have said, this is not space gray.  It is shiny steel black and does not at all match the space gray apple watch.  It might match the stainless steel in space black.  But that is a different color and this was not advertised as space black.  If you go through the trouble developing a product you should probably know the color.  Additionally, it did not slide into and out of the watch smoothly and was a bit loose.  it also uses harder to find 24 mm bands.  I tried 5 or 6 22mm bands at a local jewelry store and they were all too loose.  Just not good enough to keep.  I returned this item.
R1F5CTEOGJVNPR	5	Great deal, perfect fit. This case fits perfect and offers great protection.
R714ZUWEZOMZG	2	... ok for running some weak subs RCA cables are cool but the speaker wire is s*** and is a ... the power wire is ok for running some weak subs  RCA cables are cool  but the speaker wire is s*** and is a pain in the but to work with  so this kit gets 2 stars
R37SDKWPR8VGPI	5	Five Stars EXCELENTE
R5ZZYKK8OLGWT	5	Five Stars Just as described.
R3OPGQ4I0J8YS0	5	Five Stars nice
RE83HCDMZNACH	5	I started using the Super Bass of my friend and I loved I started using the Super Bass of my friend and I loved, I had to buy mine. It is heard with good power and has good range. Thank you
R1151ZKPQUXRQ6	5	Five Stars It's great
R4MK1EW04JNIA	5	Easy to use selfie stick Bought this for our 14 year old daughter and she loves it. It was easy to sync with her iPhone 5s. Daughter likes it because there is no remote, the shutter button is on the handle so no remotes to lose. Selfies are being taken all the time now.
R1UP1M5E9DNIC7	4	I am a fitness instructor and I use this to ... I am a fitness instructor and I use this to hold the transmitter for my mic.  I holds it well and I can move it around me as I change exercises.
R1EGAXRRT0NQD4	5	NEVER SEEMS TO DISAPPOINT! AMAZING PRODUCT Cant complain about this amazing product. Forget about invisi-shield and ghost armor. this product is affordable and reliable. just got the whole family a set of these!
RKPF4V22N82IC	5	quality cable excellent cable, it even has a proper strain relief.
R2NV9445273XR8	5	With 4. 8a this charger does its job! With 4.8a this charger does its job!
R2SIOZM5YER1WE	5	Great price--fast shipping The battery was as described and much cheaper than any I could find locally.  I charged it up and put it in my phone and it has worked ever since.  Good price and fast shipping.
R3238HFB6ZOKNJ	5	Looks great I have been searching for a protector for my new samsung galexy note 3 I am getting on the 1st and this one looks great read over other reviews and believe I've made a decision :)
R1A2AJ03LICLI1	5	I love when companies think ahead on safety WOW. I didn't realize an armband would actually fit my iPhone 6 plus. So I ordered this one to try it out. It is perfect. It fits my 13 inch arms (Hey, I'm a thick girl) great with a little room left over on the velcro band. The reflective strip around the screen is great. I love when companies think ahead on safety, as some armbands do not have that. I am able to access the bottom port for my ear buds with no issue. The phone fits snug into the band, but I have to remove it from its case first. This is pretty much a given. However, my kid can use it with his iPhone 6 still in the case and it fits without any issue. The screen does not hinder the touch screen ability at all. But I am unable to use the armband. I love my iPhone 6 plus, but it's too big for me to carry on my arm. It interferes with the ability to move my elbow because of the size. But, that's okay since again, my kid can use it with his  iphone 6. I received a sample armband to test and use in exchange for my unbiased review.
RORO42F8DKI7I	5	Five Stars My father in law loves it! Thank you! A+++++++!!!!!
R248ZGOMYMC086	1	One Star The product was not too bad but considering it was the wrong one for my phone so there
RSZYAZN2P1631	5	Five Stars Nice
R2715L4Q9W0T30	1	One Star This item came to me dirty and used and only sometimes works... that is when it feels like working.
R26E0YD9PACLRD	1	Used product sold as "new" The cover looks used. There are so many scratches on the back of the cover. I am attaching the picture of it to let people know that the product is not the way its being advertised!!! Total waste of my time and money,
R3L6CDI5Q9ZYCA	5	Love the screen Got this screen protector so in case he drops his phone it is protected. Love the screen, easy to put on.
R11MXGJYD4Q87A	5	These phone sleeves are so cool. They really work to protect our phones These phone sleeves are so cool. They really work to protect our phones. We wear them in the gulf to take photos!
R1OP2BUMW5RDT	5	Wiring harness It's a wiring harness. Geez
R37GXOXGHHX7KP	1	???? Not sure why this is on my review page. I never have ordered this. I own only Apple products
R1S9JI6ZVY23YC	4	Four Stars great case a little thicker but really tuff
R1ZYXWJHLAC3J5	3	Not the same color Beware...the colors of the actual cases do not match what is shown. The colors are much more muted and drab than what is pictured. It is functional for protecting a phone, however.
R11KMM9TIHFPTS	5	Five Stars like it
R15L1OABFL980V	5	Five Stars Great case if you drop your phone a lot
R2ANCD6S78ILH0	2	Beware of (dangerously) loose fit It is very cute, but does not stay on. It actually dropped out of the case and the screen cracked as a result.
R32ZABF4ELQW2I	5	Just what I wanted I use this on my patio and also indoors. It's a great, easy to operate bluetooth speaker.
R1KE89NKUN20FL	4	Four Stars Good
R3UVHBMGU80C4Q	5	Neck strap Great case... Does anyone know how to attach the neck strap to the case?
R2Q6OEI2WEAGGZ	5	good haven't used it in water but my note 4 fits inside and I like the arm band and the lanyard
R3CP4PDK4I32UI	5	Great Seller!!! Great Seller and Great Product!!!
R2SRUYJ10AO28S	1	Wrong fit but great seller! Didn't fit my phone but seller was very accomodating.
RJVOJB72ZUC7G	5	Five Stars Great product. Thanks.
RTGM3W3SE9W9F	5	My brother love it It's fit perfectly.
R1D2E9YIC3IBF6	5	Durability Plus in a phone case This case is awesome.  I didn't know what to expect when I ordered it.  But I love this case.  I closes with Allen head screws, has an almost glass type cover and is so heavy duty it is a wonderfully well made and durable case, made to last and take a beating.
R39ICMH31UWNPE	2	Horrible Fit Undermines Quality of Earpiece The fit is horrible - no matter what adapter used the fit is just sloppy. When working it has great quality
R2TYWXFA73TQVY	5	Five Stars This product appliEd without a problem and looks great
R3K5GDIJ9HW4O0	5	Great quality so far I looked at lots of screen protectors before finally deciding to take a chance on this one.  I'm glad I did.  The quality is great, you can't tell that you have anything over the screen as far as clarity goes.  I didn't have any problems installing it either.  I wiped the screen with alcohol, and then used a micro fiber to wipe it again.  The glass went on very easy.  So far I haven't had any problems with the edges lifting and I've had it about 3 weeks.
R20GPWLF3NG3YZ	5	Great price easy to use. Great price easy to use.  Purchased for a tracking system.
R9FY7GFONOEX3	5	Looks great on my Samsung Galaxy 6 Edge Plus Looks great on my Samsung Galaxy 6 Edge Plus, light weight matces the color of the phone great and does not take away from the beauty of the phone.
R2VJ58M1JGWGL2	5	Five Stars great one i like it
R20TTJ0G77SLMZ	5	Five Stars Great product
R1U9W4KSKXKPWN	4	Four Stars Not a bad product for the price. Would have been great if they had a swell too.
RV1F78IH1A3QX	4	Good for the price. Good headset for the price, but have had a couple of issues. It was initially easy to pair with my iPhone but have had the pairing fail several times for no apparent reason. I am just using it for my phone, primarily while driving, and had to switch to speakerphone when it happened in order to take the incoming call. Very distracting, so I had to pull over. The other issue is I find it painful to have on my ear after a while. My ear is on the small side, so that could be contributing to the problem. My old Headset sat on the outside of my ear and didn't have to be inserted into the ear like this one, so it was very comfortable. It cost twice as much, however, and broke right after the warranty expired, so I replaced it with this one. I am hoping that I will find a more comfortable way to wear it.
R1PP0OV13IXZPD	3	Three Stars f
R2MIVSKRQ7J8TQ	5	Five Stars love it
RXNJOMGTVNNP0	5	Five Stars Great product, I have bought 3 for all vehicles. I have an iPhone 6plus & it holds it great.
R2OJKNLI0GS7CQ	4	Ok for the price I use it when I run, it occasionally skips audio but moving my phone to my right side alleviated the issue. The battery doesn't last more than a couple of hours before needing a charge.
R1ZCC5IVJA5O9M	2	The case provides excellent shock protection for the enclosed phone The case provides excellent shock protection for the enclosed phone. But it's nearly impossible to reopen the case without breaking off the latches in order to access the SIM. While prying to reopen the case, the phone was in danger of being scratched which defeats the whole purpose of using the protective case.
RVT1YO422VGJB	5	Five Stars Great gift
R3DUK5GTU12ZWY	4	cool Lightning cable set so far works great and feels sturdy too.
R2K8DNRMTFE76B	2	Cheap Don't Buy Woow what a bad product! The word cheap describes this in every way.when i receive the headphones they had been broken off and were hanging by the wire. The bright side is that they work but not the best quality. Its mostly a rare case but how could i revecive my heaphone like they had being use for a couple months and then shipped off for some random person to used it next. I wasnt expecting alot, i mean they did cost less than 30 dollars but still not a this quality.
R1KDBK84PTNLPQ	5	Five Stars Durable and sharp looking!
R12Q4LMGN3HM7F	5	the case fits the phone very nicely. It is comfortable to hold , the case fits the phone very nicely. It is comfortable to hold.
R2MHABSOR9QZ76	4	Good Case but didn't last long :( I've only had the case a few months and it broke. But other than that it was a good case. I would prob buy another one.
RXA46MB3C15WQ	4	okay... Functional and cheap
RQNPWWFE2YC8Q	5	Cute and Adorable Case This is so cute and adorable case:)I got the Cat design and i just absolutely loved it. The case is strong enough to protect phone.Easy to access the buttons and port. Easy to put phone and remove.If you are an animal lovers this case is just really amazing and you will definely love it. Recommended. Im so happy to test this product in exchanged of my honest feedback.
R3RLAUJT100KTH	5	awesome! great product and customer service!! will buy from again
RNNYCM1OTH0P0	5	Very good quality. Better then the original Very good quality.  Better then the original.
R1DK5CJT4108BG	5	Five Stars very good case, it works wonderfully.
R2X6NMI937R7CG	5	... as you alow it to break in for a good time before you turn it up then the sub ... I got a single 15 2 ohm in a 1997 s10 that I go to compitions with and with a 1500 watt amp I do right around 140 db so really loud and as long as you alow it to break in for a good time before you turn it up then the sub will last for a long time
RVFP2J1NGB1HM	5	Five Stars Great product.
R1HK99R5866UK8	5	Basically saved my marriage... If you have one accessory outlet and a spouse, you need this. I used to get frustrated and angry when my wife and I both wanted to charge our phones on a road trip. The driver needs navigation running and the passenger wants to get some screen in, but both of us want our phones charged when we get it if the car. Thanks to this dual-usb charger, it's a non-issue!  I got the black one. And it's the best looking one by far, IMO. The 2.1 amp charger charges quite fast, but the 1 amp charger is good enough to allow use with some battery charging. The whole thing stays fairly hidden from sight which is just how it should be.  I received a discount in exchange for my honest review.
RL6R378E3GDL9	5	It was a hit! A gift for my niece...she loved it!
RU25LORLBSTWK	4	Super Thin!!!! Thinnest case I've ever had! Literally impossibly thin!!!! Great job! Just make it a little more durable with adding as little bulk as possible.
R1W3CJ5PZSW1XU	5	Solid performance Great sound, solid Bluetooth pairing. Battery life is good and recharge is fast. My biggest issue is remembering which buttons do what, but that's my memory, not a design flaw!
R3QRWWGS6WZJ0B	2	So so It fits very well but the back doesn't look very appealing it looks like there's water behind the case. But when it comes to protection it does the job.
R2IOLSBJYSFF7X	5	Would totally recommend this product There is just nothing wrong with this phone case. I bought it because of the cute colors available. I wasn't even gonna try Otterbox because it's known for being bulky but this one I guess is the least bulky of all their cases. Even though it's thin, it still gives you the feel that it's durable and that it's gonna protect your phone from breaking in case you drop it accidentally. Would totally recommend this product.
R7PT5YRMFST9C	5	Five Stars Arrived on time and as described
R12BRRMB91Y67M	1	Terrible - won't hold a charge Terrible - won't hold a charge.  Refurbished nightmare  -  if we hadn't been in such a bind I never would have bought this
R1M3Z96GXHAJOZ	4	Works as expected Works as expected
RL05X1KSB4PYJ	4	Four Stars Pretty much does what it's supposed to do. The only downside is the light stays on... always.
R3633BIS4O8H4A	3	Think about it ! First of all it came a day late but it's ok no big deal but I loved it the privacy thing actually works! But the thing is that you have to look at it straight at your phone if you move it a little to the side it makes this weird thing that messes with your eyes and it gives me a head ache and the other this is that the screen is so thick that it's hard to touch the screen because sometimes you have to tap hard or it just won't feel the tap and it gets irritated but other than that it's an ok item for $5
R27PFO467H5M4B	5	Great Case! The fit is perfect. Completely satisfied.
R1USK9O5I4FFK5	4	Great deal! I have been really happy with this so far.  Great deal.  Good sound quality, comfortable, easy to set up.  Most earphones pop out of my ears that that has happened a few times while working out here, but i'm getting the feel of how to twist them into my ears.
R3AFVAE4XU5A8Y	2	Two Stars It looks so cute, but unfortunately started falling apart within two weeks.
R10W0LHIFDV3W1	5	(Gray/Orange) ASHIELD protective cover First of all, this (Gray/Orange) ASHIELD protective cover fits my LG Ultimate 2 perfectly and I can manipulate the controls with no problems.  The orange cover is soft and almost squishy.  The gray part is hard plastic.  This means I can maintain a good grip while holding my phone and although I feel confident the cover would protect it well from a drop, I cannot attest that it is &#34;Amy&#34;-Grade, LOL.  I don't use the holster, but it seems substantial and the belt clip can be turned for vertical or horizontal carry.  The holes line up and the cover does not negatively impact the mic, speaker, camera, or controls.  The USB port does have a flap that can be a little persnickety to open when you want to connect the cable. But, it probably most definitely helps keep dust and moisture out.  So it's a positive.  The picture accurately reflects the color and I've gotten lots of positive comments on how it looks.  More importantly, I can now spot my phone easily when I lay it down amongst my other junk or the cat lays on it.  I feel like I got my money's worth and I'd buy it again.
R28A80DSBDFH2U	2	Two Stars Poor quality.
R38LE3M8HJWSQ7	4	Four Stars its kind of hard to get the phone out its real tight
RACWCW9S5V7MG	4	Four Stars The charger is Good, but the receiber is too hot when i charge my Phone
R38UCSF94ZXOWP	3	Three Stars Great product. I would recommend this.
R3I025V0IHAAGS	4	To date this has been a good cell phone choice for my wife who favors screen ... To date this has been a good cell phone choice for my wife who favors screen size over portability. The phone is perfect for her, too large to strap onto my arm for a run.
R1MXCXF0G99GZR	5	It Works... Ordered for my son to use with his iphone in his Honda Accord. He likes it and hasn't experienced  any problems
R2WD98UKSIKFP6	5	Excellent all around! I can't recommend this product highly enough! A problem with the Note 4 is that it uses way too much battery power so you have to have a charger within reach. This product ends all your battery worries while simultaneously taking care of your need for a protective case.
RWHO7BZO19V2I	2	Waste of $9 Not official samsung headphones. Sound quality is horrible compared to the headphones that came with the phone. $9 is not worth the hassle of returning the headphones.
R3IOY92O934GSU	1	Immediately fell apart. Opened the package, made sure the phone fit, went to put clip over belt and the entire clip came right off.  The clip is supposed to be connected by a single rivet.  The rivet (which was never closed to hold the clip) fell off and I found it on the floor.
R3AQJFEV11R7C7	1	DO NOT PURCHASE Terrible, cannot hold charge.  After a full night of charging, my phone was at the same charge (no apps running, on wifi).  Do not recommend at all, look at the Encased USB wall charger instead.
R1KX3NH75E598B	5	highly recommend! so far the product has been great with zero problems. so nice having so many ports! another great product from Noot!
R1ABRHGEX5MTUH	5	Five Stars great one i like it
R1TV9X42SXPH33	3	Great on hardwood floors... I got this product so that the Robotic Sphere would not be so noisy on my hardwood floors when my dog is chasing it. What I didn't anticipate was that when my dog catches it, she is able to puncture the soft rubber. So it is great on not being noisy--just not too durable.
RMLZ5V7NI1FDD	2	I liked. The Hi. I liked. The. Case. But when. I. Answer. My. Plonk. I  have. To. Hold. The. Case back why.
R1SNCPMN2DIAQ9	4	Very nice case Very nice looking case, i dident want a case for my alpha cause its a really pretty phone as it is, but this case compliments it very well, looks nice and definitely looks like it will protect it from a good drop, though the way it was packaged(in a soft package) it got a little damaged, dident break the plastic but theres a bend in it, not returning it cause i dont want my phone to go unprotected for a week...  Update: owned it for a good few weeks now, still like it but had to deduct a star cause the gold color is peeling off around the edges, looks a bit ugly now, its not peeling on the back... yet.
RAL9V34VZH0V0	5	Five Stars These worked perfect in my phone. So happy not to have had to buy a new phone.
RCCG82UZIZ0HS	5	A great case for a reaasonable price! An excellent case at a very reasonable price.  My daughter opted for the light pink and really likes it.  It seems sturdy yet lightweight and the edge comes over the screen enough that I'm hopeful it will protect the glass if the phone is dropped.  So far, so good. Highly recommended!
R3O89YK5BE9TMY	5	Five Stars Great
R19D1NKN5LHUFK	2	Two Stars not able to use
R19AZEHC5GOPFT	5	Five Stars Great case!
R34A1LZXOW3X1E	2	I recently got this adapter and like a lot of people mentioned it does skip several ... I recently got this adapter and like a lot of people mentioned it does skip several beats multiple times while playing the song.
R9CLOIVJBKGWQ	2	The sidewall is a bit fragile. The phone slid ... The sidewall is a bit fragile. The phone slid off the bed, about 2.5 feet and the side near the volume buttons broke off.
RJJBHSX8JXNFE	5	True OEM replacement, simple install Very easy to swap after watching a quick youtube video. Definitely worth it. My old port cover had broken long ago, and I didn't realize a replacement could be done so easily without taking it to a store. Probably took about 5 minutes total, including watching the video and messing with a screw that didn't want to budge.
RMWGQXRQVZ2VM	5	Five Stars Great item and fast shipping
R3VRUWZMK6PBF0	5	Looks like it will have limited life but if I get ... QUALITY: tested and it works DELIVERY: slow boat from China (expected): PRICE: low - minimal risk. If you kept floppy discs and want to transfer to other media this unit has done the job. Looks like it will have limited life but if I get through my floppies, I will never need it (nor the floppies) again. Owning costs less than third party conversion for half a dozen floppies. BARGAIN
R1ZPHPTQ6SFK2S	1	One Star Wouln't work with charge
R1J7AWG8BJ0HFB	5	Five Stars Had for a couple days and so far so good!
R31BTJ1AJJWTTK	4	Not real comfortable with the access ports to the charger and aux ... Just got it in the mail today. I purchased the green/gray for my note 5. Not as vivid as the green looks online. The case is light. Feels durable. Fits the phone well. Buttons function well. No issues with the touchscreen. Not real comfortable with the access ports to the charger and aux cord input. They are a bit tough to move back...as in the little flap pushes against the charger and the aux cord. Not an issue for now. But will come back to update how well it holds up after everyday charging and a lot of aux cord/headphone use.
R3G2HWVXX9QNKF	3	Three Stars Just got it, seems ok trying it out right now let you know later.  thanks & Aloha
R13QLK9XFPN8OO	2	Color fades so quick After 2 days the minions started to fade in appearance. I guess the heat from my fingers and from the phone in general caused this to happen. This case needs to be made of different material. It was nice for 1 day.
R2PHYVQDSY3632	2	It worked for a little bit but then the little ... It worked for a little bit but then the little claps all started breaking off. And the little circle that shows the Apple symbol started cracking and it drove me crazy, so now I use a different case.
RL11MMF8OBZM9	1	Cheap tat. Didn't work at all for intended purpose.
RTHCICWB0YM98	5	Quality! I was using a 2-slot one of these that plugged directly into the wall. Annoying since I have an iPhone, Fitbit and Garmin Fitness Bands. So constantly leaning over to unplug/plug in something. Received one of these and wow! It's very heavy, quality made and comes with a CORD so no leaning over to use it! Works awesome! I HIGHLY recommend this to everyone-, who has just ONE or two items to plug in at a time?!
R2WDCMDR0TK1ZA	2	Poor sound quality when running or walking briskly Sound quality is great...as long as you move slowly or your phone is on a flat surface. If you have your phone (I have an iPhone 5) in your pocket or in a holster clipped on your pants or in a purse and walk briskly or run, the sound breaks up. This is the second Bluetooth headset I've tried that has the same problem and the other pair was from a different manufacturer.
REY476XUR4MB3	1	It didn't fit my I Phone 5C as recommended from the supplier This was not what I was looking for.  It didn't fit my I Phone 5C as recommended from the supplier.  I had to return it.
RBNC971WDKJDD	1	Great charger... Till it Stopped Working... Was a great charger... until it stopped working.  Only had it for 2 months and now whenever I plug it in, itll say that its charging but it wont.  Amazon says its past the return period, so now Im stuck with a dead charger case.
R2OKPZOFTCPPSK	5	Great Product! Arrived fast and is very nice!
R1Y2APBUW5O15S	5	Becko Blue Waterproof Waist Bag Case Pouch [[ASIN:B00TK15SOI Becko Blue Waterproof Waist Bag Case Pouch for Kayaking, Sauna, Hiking, Surfing, Fishing, Boating, Skiing, Camping and Other Outdoor Sports. Triple Top Closure Strip Seal System Dry Bag Protect Mobile Phone, Camera, Watch, ID Cards, Wallet, Credit Cards, Room Card, Keys From Water, Sand, Dust and Dirt.]]  This item has totally impressed me with it's quality and craftmanship.  This is a very sturdy and high quality bag with 3 zippers and a roll over and secured with velcro pouch.  This is not a thin plastic this is a sturdy high quality item that has been well thought out and made to keep all items safe from any type of water damage.  I look forward to using it on the water - we decided to try it at our pool this weekend and all is well, safe and dry! I totally totally recommend this item. I know I won't be as nervous having my items out on the water now.
R2BINYCU730YBG	2	Case doesn't fit phone well Very cute case but it really doesn't fit the phone very well.  I have a hard time with the downward swipe because the case is positioned too far over the top of the phone.  Spend a little more money and get a better fitting case.
R2QMA4JSQ3BH8Y	1	A joke melt me a product that have been returned ... A joke  melt me a product that have been returned it was broken the belt clip was broken and the case was cracked I'm pissed
RJET5HT2MJ176	5	Five Stars Very satisfied with this purchase.
RND0UPKCVNC87	5	LOVE IT!! Fantastic little speaker. I didn't have high expectations for the speaker, but was pleasantly surprised. This speaker does exactly what I wanted it to do. Awesome product at such a fair price. We enjoy leaving one in different rooms for convenience. Very easy to use too!
R32BVMQFAUW118	5	Five Stars Worked as advertised
RX4UXGOL9VKHD	5	Five Stars A+++
R1ECFE2TFE28IF	1	- the bluetooth is very bad if the phone 3 step away from the headset ... -  the bluetooth is very bad if the phone 3 step away from the headset you loss the connect -  the headset is alway fall from your ear -  only good one is wenn the call coming you just take it and put in your ear ...you ready to talk ...don't need put any button only this i like ...the ton is ok
R3V015BTTYMWOT	3	not worth the price, but looks great Has little to no protection, I've broken my phone twice using this case. The card slot is, at first, too tight but once the leather stitching rips along the Side it becomes too lose
R26DJVAN15UHZ4	1	Looks good but is a poor design Beautifully designed but doesn't work. Only thin cases will slide into the holder and forget about the watch staying in place. It constantly slides off causing the connection to fail. No response from company about the problem.
R2RU0KDNIM44IA	5	) very happy. Big discount for quick fair review ;) very happy.
R3U6PEX735QEAQ	2	Two Stars Cord doesn't fit
R2KFOV8ZTAYB7S	5	Five Stars thank you nice
R1XDIVUMHQBEED	5	Perfect fit for Samsung Galaxy S5 Wife loves it.
R14KSQKTC0WGMI	5	Five Stars snug fit on my iphone 6 plus
R3SBDOCTXV54TA	1	Breaks easily. Cheaply Made. Breaks easily.
R3IU7YBNQCO9WZ	1	Fantastic product! But... They are great quality, and the battery life is extremely long. So why one star? Because once the battery died, it never charged. I left it plugged in for a week, turned it on, first thing I hear is &#34;Low Battery&#34; then it died a minute later. I left it charging another week and it wouldn't even turn on that time.
R27MUZLO1KF6V3	5	Five Stars Thank you for your dealings and goods Good
R1VV894O0WWD92	2	Very Fragile, did not last a week before shattered. Very Fragile.  Did not last a week on my Son's phone before it was shattered
RYW2GWLLA9N2W	5	New battery made my Samsung tablet like new. I ordered a replacement battery for my Samsung tablet.  It was kinda hard to get the case open and the old battery out but after that, we inserted the new battery and my tablet is like new again.  Great purchase from Amazon.
R3FZ04ZKH6H6VI	3	Fits perfectly, works for every port on ipod except ... Fits perfectly, works for every port on ipod except for headphone/aux cable jack... the aux cable that I have is too wide to fit into the jack when the case is on.
R1WYWU52RX8RY7	5	... found that all the Motorola ones that I tried satisfied. I saw this one a great price so I have tried other Bluetoothsbut they never fit or sound right I found that all the Motorola ones that I tried satisfied . I saw this one a great price so, I bought it .
R1V0X9ERNJBMMU	5	I love it! Worked perfectly! I absolutely love my JOTO! I got it and did the initial test with the paper towel and it passed, and then I brought it to the pool. I took some underwater videos with it, and the videos were crystal clear. My iPod touch (which I used to record) didn't get a drop of water on it. I would recommend this to everyone who wants a good, working case to take underwater photos and videos, or just to bring to the pool or beach so their device doesn't get wet or dirty. I look forward to future use of my JOTO waterproof case!
R1I8OK402S386U	5	Great product Love this item with long cord!!!
R3LRP2SG68AMVU	5	Five Stars This is just perfect for perfect for my garage. Sounds great,couldn't be more pleased.
R154BMZS6AWFGQ	5	It makes me feel like I have a brand new phone Just  as described.  It makes me feel like I have a brand new phone...
RPTRU7BFPN4R7	5	No complaints so far. I had feared they may ... No complaints so far. I had feared they may not be Apple Certified, but all my devices are accepting them without any issues.
R1RZ850AF05V56	1	Didn't work for me I bought this for a trip I was going to go on and I took it out of the box and plugged into my iPhone 6 and it did not work, also tried it on an iPhone 5s and I didn't work as well maybe I got a defective one but it did not work for me, very disappointing.
R20VFW88IZAT5N	1	Don't buy The edges don't stay down. Will return
R1Y3EB1HP4ZDEZ	5	Great Product Did not think I would find these batteries due to the age of the equipment.... but these batteries fit like the originals. Charged just fine and work perfectly.
RF4N1HQ71OG3N	4	Four Stars Been good so far. Did pop off once when I dropped it but snapped right back on.
R3DD1RJN04JQZ5	4	Four Stars Good.
R1A5TXUF8JDX5I	4	Four Stars Very nice. A bit bulking but protects very well.
R2N34NVMAPFF71	5	Five Stars Was even better then I thought...easy install and it really does protect your investment...great product
R1J0ZI1PK3KQ0D	3	Three Stars Flimsy, doesn't protect the corners or Tue screen, but it was cheap so what do I expect
R2IV6M5CNVVKYE	5	Five Stars Very high quality, suitable price. Thank you
R568Y82Y40HOE	5	High quality Free sample from AMZ. Nice package and fast delivery. Not hard to open. Clear guide to stick on the phone. High quality of glass screen protector. Very easy to make it done.
R376NWYH741J7C	5	Five Stars Fits my watch perfectly.
R1PH978LBHAV49	4	Four Stars beautiful! fits great! shows snot when sneezed on.
R14MM9VK4NTU0E	5	Great device The pro charge power inverter is the perfect accessory to have when traveling. I usually let my husband drive so that I can read or catch up on work. I ordered the pro charge inverter to charge my laptop in the car. The inverter is easy to use. All you need to do is plug the cord in your cigarette plug. It can charge up to four devices at once, two using the USB port and two with the AC ports. I have no problem charging my phone, my husbands and my laptop all at once. The cord is 36 inches long and will reach the backseat of our car. This device is perfect for my family. I received this item in exchange for my honest review.
R1A85ZYR9DFOWN	5	Nice screen protector. Great screen protector! It is not really thick so it looks nice on the phone. Barely noticeably on the phone.
R1RMJSIF7U3915	1	Major disappointment. Case is too big for my phone. Case covers up part of flash and phone slides around  inside case a little. Major disappointment.
R2E6ZXMD4AFDML	3	It works It works.  If it falls to low on the arm it starts to bounce and wobble.  Would be nice if it had two bands that were farther apart for a more stable connection to the arm.  Otherwise just move up close to your armpit.
R29HFO0ZXURD2E	1	The battery doesn't work and it looks like a used one [[ASIN:B00F3583S8 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Standard Battery]]  The battery doesn't work and it looks like a used one.  Don't buy it from the dealer I pasted here.  It's a scam.
R3IT9ZKF0QA8BO	1	bad experience After 1 month of use, it burned up and also burned the cable while charging my iphone. Thanks god it didn't broke the phone.
R28XK4WSXNHPK0	5	It's too good!!!! So just wanted you to know, your Selfie Stick is so good that it was stolen the second time I used it! Right off the table I was sitting at :( Guess i’ll have to buy one - or two - more!!!
RJKJENTVWTCFX	5	5The powerbank is made of pretty nice materials so it feels good to hold Very heavy and bulky (it's about the same size as my note 4) but it charges very quickly and is compatible with the samsung wireless replacement back for a note 4. The powerbank is made of pretty nice materials so it feels good to hold.
RRBXF90H59WJV	5	A+ Worked well
RDNA0G92TOFWY	5	Five Stars Great case.
R1HH3MCDWAT9DM	2	Disapointing disapointing. Charges so slowly. I believed the hype that it was going to do a good job.
R2E1ZCGPZOKT09	5	Five Stars great
R2HWX8T2GT7HJH	5	but is also shock and water resistant so that you can leave it virtually anywhere to charge and it'll still be pretty safe.  It's not every day that you find a portable charger that is able to charge from solar energy, but is also shock and water resistant so that you can leave it virtually anywhere to charge and it'll still be pretty safe.
R38HZ5HVOR9F5H	4	Good looking case Nice looking case, hard but soft, but the painting in the hard case start to scrape off a bit, no big deal, i love my case
RN4FONS5LLS2T	5	Five Stars work great
R1X1QAPOCZH4ZL	5	Was skeptical from promo reviewers, but a great cable overall. This cable was exactly what I was searching for and had a very high rating. Upon reading the comments, I saw that a lot of the reviews came from reviewers that received this cable as a promotion. This was worrying to me, but since it was exactly what I wanted- I ordered it anyway.  It was a good decision. This is my favorite cable I've ever used. It feels sturdy and syncs data. The ends feel like they're made of aluminum, the braided cable doesn't tangle when I put it in my bag and it fits my Otterbox Commuter case for my 6+.  It's about a month later and NRGized (the seller) sent me an email stating if there were any problems to contact them and the cable comes with a 12 month warranty. Very good experience so far.  I'll update this review if anything changes.
R3HDSCDDW82Q5H	5	Five Stars Exactly what i needed. Thanks!
R3M900WG384Z8V	5	Five Stars Received product fast and as described
R2M46U5KHHFSJS	5	A FANTASIC AFFORDABLE PRODUCT G-Hub - This OnePlus ONE Screen Display Case with built in stand arrived neatly packaged in a cellophane bag which enabled great visibilty of the product. With a black textured cover, this horizontal flip style case comes with an integrated viewing stand. A great feature of this product, is that the cover houses two windows which are strategically placed allowing the user to see who is calling as well as accepting or declining the call without having to open the case. In comparison to other flip style cases this is easy to use, incoming calls that are easily accessible with a modern clean exterior. A fantastic affordable product
RBI9W5R77T307	3	Three Stars My phone kept coming loose and if not for the rubber band I would have lost it
R2RII7I0DHT2G	3	Not Bad! Love the idea and ease of use - however, we live on a country road and in a rural community. The occasional bump and rough roads cause the device to slowly come lose and we find ourselves having to push it back into the vent quite often.
R1KY5DUYICAJ8J	5	Five Stars Beautiful, durable, protective
R19W5NFOUTOJHS	1	One Star very bad quality.. couldn't use it for 2 weeks
RYYBJ26NAZRJW	5	Right on time Excellent .
R1HGA4AVKO4TOP	5	Very good pole, fits my daughters iPhone 5 and she loves it. It's a very good pole. Fits my daughters iphone5 and she loves it. It stretches out far and it seems sturdy and well made.
R2JSQHQRYI5FYM	5	Five Stars love that it didn't block the other plug in the double outlet
RLWDSVU8JUAWA	5	Great charger that has saved me quite a few time Great charger that has saved me quite a few time!  Took this with me to Disneyland where we stayed all day. I was able to keep my phone charged all day which was perfect since I took a ton of pictures which normally drains my battery.  I was able to charge up two cell phones that day with one charge to this charger and that alone made this purchase worth it!
R1J45V8BZXDO05	5	Best case ever Best case ever. Used for a long time. Coloring came off when I tried to clean it, or I'd still use it
R38WIEQS7FRTKX	4	They are Ok. Given the price, it should be obvious that these are not going to be the highest quality cords. So far, I've had one die after a couple months of use. Not to the point that it is entirely unusable, but to the point that I have to make sure it is actually charging, or I wake up (like this morning) to a phone that has shut itself off due to the cord not making good contact. Good thing I have 9 more.
R1YPACCPQKQ3KV	5	Five Stars Perfect
R2HBWZRN2GDU5B	5	Great product. Exceptional quality Great product.  Exceptional quality. Will order another 1
R1WYVH2FXZ7RKE	5	Five Stars yes
R39CUKTICDKN93	2	Doesn't work well for me I have found that these don't connect well with my phone.  I haven't tried other phones, but I've tried multiple cables.  I have to jiggle it and set it down just right to get the phone to charge.
R3IYIUQ41PFQ6J	1	One Star Completely wrong case
R25SK2FTTQRBJ8	2	Good product except for...... After using it as charging cable next to my night stand because of it's length. I started to notice that it would not charge my phone. I was never rough or neglecting it in any way. Upon further inspection I noticed the end that plugs into my IPhone was loose. Next thing you know, it broke off. The length and durability of the cable are a plus, but the end breaking off makes the integrity of it questionable.
R1GJVN7RIDDY7Z	5	Five Stars Great screen protector!
R2HAFGI77GC8U6	4	Good case It stays clipped to your pocket good and has a nice grip. Only gripe is that the kick stand is a little awkward and the grip on the inside of the holder catches the case when your taking it out.
R4KBW8FLPSIZW	5	the best earbuds you can get for under $100 Hands down, the best earbuds you can get for under $100.
R3Q4LTP2Y6ZOM7	1	... used 1 time doesnt work anymore  Its a nice and small stick but that happends to me Only used 1 time doesnt work anymore 😡 Its a nice and small stick but that happends to me
R38S1CZB7RAHTG	2	Two Stars It is not for BMW X5 2008
R3CL1LN4XDJ3K8	5	Works for my brother's Phone I give 5 stars just because my brother said it work good for him. He love it No complaints
R3W0X88I1R7KBO	5	Simple, Charges Quick - Great Simple fast car charger. Works as intended. Can charge two iPhones rapidly at once, which is exactly what I was looking for.  5 stars.
R1N3F79JI9C063	5	Functional protection The three piece design is very functional and protects your phone too!  First your phone goes into a silicone sleeve then into a rubberized cover and slides into the belt clip holder.  I like it.
R11V9KGN2ED8NQ	5	Great product for low cost Great product this is the second one ive ordered. They work great. I will be getting another
R2XJ0UUX11MEZH	5	easy to push buttons if you are familiar with otterbox exactly as described. easy to push buttons if you are familiar with otterbox.
R1K616W65LVSSE	5	Perfect backpack accessory On a recent business trip to NY my coworker had one of these and was basically everyone's best friend. They charged up everybody! Had to have one of my own.
R2U9IEZBR360HP	5	Five Stars I bought it for my mom and she loves it
R3UAN0LY3GS2WO	5	I smashed the energizer bunny with this.. he isn't going anywhere. ► Pros: ✓ 20,000 mAh, thats a lot of charging between devices ✓ The big daddy of the portable charger world, holding about 2-3 times more charge ✓ Dual charging ports, so you can keep two devices charged up ✓ Battery life indication, so you know how soon till you need to give it a charge or how long you can keep charging your own device(s) ✓ Has more mAh than my old laptop battery! ✓ They didnt add a useless flashlight into it.  ► Cons: ⊗ It's a tad long  ► Conclusions and final thoughts: For this amount of mAh (this is the amp hours your device will last, more is better) it has to be long, tall, or wide. If you don't wear skinny jeans you can drop this into any of your pockets, even the side leg pocket for carpenter pants (think thats designed for the handle of a hammer). We only have two cellphones in the house and from max charge (owned this for about 10 days), i havent been able to kill the battery. So, it's done its job, more over than any other portable charger i've owned to date. If you have a power hungry device, going on a trip, this might be the single go to device you should get.
R332VR9N6G6PD1	5	Five Stars great quality
RFEJN61JUQBHO	5	Five Stars Thanks
R3QG52NYACF8I6	5	Five Stars A very good case.  It works great.
R2XAWQOUF0NBS9	5	It works! Absolutely perfect. Inexpensive yet it works! Simple to apply; not bulky; affordable. You can apply this with probably any case, since the cover is recessed by about 1-2 mm from the edge.
R1LFR7K5RT92UO	4	As advertised, great value As per other reviews, doesn't fit PERFECTLY there is one corner that doesn't seem to smoosh down, but it does fit, and protect and its smaller and less cumbersome than the other model.  This is perfect for the use I needed, and the bright color helps me find it in my purse!
R1CGTSWILSV6XS	5	Five Stars Love this golf watch.  It has saved me strokes on every round.
RYNZIOZNXR54N	3	It's okay. I got this as a temporary case until my new one arrives. I'm not too crazy about this one. The volume buttons are hard to push; unless you have nails, then you're not gonna be able to adjust your volume. The rubber part seems flimsy.
R3N2JV5GEB2ZU0	5	Five Stars Great wallet case, fits phone perfectly and love the colors.
REHCN8TQNZE6R	1	I brought this phone in June and since I have ... I brought this phone in June and since I have had so many problems with I! It used a Samsung phone in the past years and I never had problems with it. But this phone is just catastrophic!!!! The follwong problems; It sometimes charge properly and sometimes I leave it hours on the charger and it does not charge fully, _sometiomes the battery runs out very quick (sometimes not!!) Sometimes I can make phone calls sometimes not; for example, when I call a  number which I all the time, sometimes I am able to call and ost of the time it tells me &#34;not registered on the network&#34;!!!! When I send sms' s or messages on whatsup or viber, sometimes they go on time and I receive messages on time, but sometimes it takes hours until I receive a message that was sent hours ago or vice versa.  Those are just some of the problems I can recall now. I went couple of times to my phone carrier and they replaced the chip card assuming  it might be from them, but the same problems continued over and over again. Don't buy this phone!! It cames with a looooot of problems!!!
R2WRWATP24AQMC	2	Two Stars They are very small and even with the extensions, it's very hard to fit them in my head.
R2BUUD7CZP5ZNO	5	Great color leather Great color leather, holds cards in well (I've never had more than 2 in a slot usually one), stands the phone up at a good angle for viewing, love it.
R1MC93W6WG9R3O	1	One Star Too lose does not provide any protection
RM6FZBFUMPWBZ	1	Meh... it didn't fit well.  It looked nice but extremely hard to put on.  I thought either my phone was going to break or the cover was.
R1ZJ8LI0ZFYW39	4	Happy for the Price This case is by far the best out there for the price.  The rubber-like outside material is smooth and tough (except around the edges, just a little excess) thus making it easy to grab on to. The inside hard plastic piece is rugged and durable allowing for drops to be absorbed through the casing. Again, the plastic has a little excess around the edges. The only problem I face with the inside casing is that it's a bear to take on and off; however after minor adjustments I have not needed to take it off since.  As for the plastic covering the various holes and ports, they cover everything with a secure fit so dirt will stay out, which is very nice.  Then there's a screen protector. Oh boy, the screen protector. First off, I noticed the plastic was being scratched very easily by normal wear-and-tear inside my pocket. Also, the plastic has a faded off-white appearance that looks dirty and makes the screen more reflective of outside light.  Also with the internal frame, the plastic ridges on the sides, top and bottom next to the screen are very high. It's hard, for example, to close ads that are in the corners or on the edges, or to play games that involve you to tap in any of those locations. It could also be that I have stubby fingers, but to me those ridges seemed unnecessarily high.  The most annoying thing however was that the protector did not meet the screen, so I was having to push harder for the touch screen to register. That was very annoying. To fix this problem I took to it with my handy pocket knife. I found that the screen protector was secured to the internal plastic frame by only a couple dabs of cheap glue. I was able to easily pry off the plastic.  All in all, this is a great buy for the extremely cheap price. I am very happy with my purchase.
R1RCEGHOYI5M6S	5	Five Stars Great
R2OX8W9G8AGKW5	5	Five Stars just what i needed
R2LHASX2PUMB3S	5	Five Stars Love it, wish I had more of this type to choose from with the same great price.
R1V4Q7VL2QOZHV	5	Great item!!! Works great with my LGg4.
RHGMQD1JNFY37	5	The case fits my phone like a glove I was able to get this product at a discount for an exchange of my review. The case fits my phone like a glove. I needed a new one since my old one was all scratched up and beat up from all the drops my daughter did while playing with it. With the new case it is as durable as my old one and have no issues with my screen not working or anything. My daughter has already dropped it a few times and the phone is safe! That is all that matters!!! The case saved the phone!
R28JRQ7GIZ67G4	5	LOVE IT!!! LOVE this case!!! Arrived on time, as promised. Fits my LG G3 like a second skin. My fire red phone looks beautiful and shiny, and totally protected. For screen protection I added a ballistic glass screen protector and now my new phone is safe . . . AND GORGEOUS!
R1VV7KKWV6GFU5	3	Arm band is good, screen protector broken The arm band I give a 4 star. It is comfortable and stays in place well. It also holds my I phone 5s very snug. The screen protector that came with it because you have to have it out of a case to fit, unless you have a small case, was already cracked when I got it. I was disappointed about this because I was looking forward to putting it on my phone.
RY4DMBOWPCBRH	5	Real Deal! Bona fide FAST CHARGERS!  Too many sellers claim that their products are fast chargers but they're not what they claim to be.  THESE are the real deal!  I will definitely do business with this seller in the future!  Thanks!
RSZHYQDXPJN6W	4	Very Happy So happy I bought this when I did.  I bought this right before we left for a trip to New York City.  Works great charging our devices.  My only complaint is that it is a little on the heavy side but other then that love it.
R1IWND9XRT6K6A	4	Yin and Yang My wife loves it. I think it's absurd.
RGW4N5B1N8VCK	5	Amazing Ever since I had my first iPhone I have used Tech Armor screen protectors. The glass screen protector works very well, protects against scratches and dropping. I have never had an issue with their protectors.
R1EYJ92L0U16G4	3	Case broke, Phone didn't. This otterbox is the third one I've had on my iPhone 5.... the previous two both broke in the same exact spots - at the bottom by the charging port. I am not rough on phones- this is the first case I've ever had that broke so quickly and I've NEVER broken a phone by dropping it! BUT... with that said, my phone is still alive, and shows absolutely no signs of the impacts that caused the cases to break, which is what it's for. So, if you want a case to protect your phone and you don't mind replacing it every 6 months or so, then this is the case for you.
R3O15AM8L18BQ1	5	These cables have solid construction and good connection when plugged in I've ordered multiple sets of these cables, to replace various USB charging cables that have worn out and stopped working.  These cables have solid construction and good connection when plugged in.  So far no problems with connector failure due to strain at the plug end.  Excellent value.
R1BE50KVIO2ZZF	4	Fits phone perfectly. A little struggle to get the ... Fits phone perfectly. A little struggle to get the phone out of the case, but I got it to protect the phone and will not be taking it out often. So okay with that.
R2YUSVFRVOEY1	5	GREAT I LOVE IT CAN PUT IT ON MY JEANS BELT LOOP AND PUT IPHONE IN IT AND TRACK MY STEPS  WONDERFUL
R2A4VEC9T6NI8J	3	Three Stars It's really good looking. However one small mistake and it's damaged. Too bad.
R2I0BZXD1BS80J	4	Love This Case! GREAT DEAL! Very sturdy and attractive cases. Only gave it 4 out of 5 stars because the hard outer case is just that, seriously hard. Putting the hard outer case on the cellphone with the other two cases requires some work. Not saying it's not well done. It just doesn't snap in with the ease I thought it should. I don't use it as a clip-on. I like the extra protection and the rotating stand. That's a really cool extra. Can't use the camera? Sure you can. I simply got a utility knife and carved out the back of the case in an area big enough for the camera, flash, and microphone. It's about 1/2 inch wide and approximately 2 inches long. Bingo! Extra protection in a hard shell, a better stand that rotates, what more could you possibly want? I highly recommend this case. It fits the phone perfectly. Extremely reasonable price.
R19ISDOZW7ZIEV	1	no good Dont buy it
R20OTLWULE1U0O	1	One Star Broke after 1 wk
R3DLEAHIP7UWWD	3	easy to put in and put out Soft rubber, easy to put in and put out,  so far is protecting well the cell phone
R2WCRB6G1U21NU	5	Five Stars secure fit, very well made
RPT1QRT24RT4X	5	Looks pretty good Works great
R3DA9EJ7XWNV49	4	Four Stars stays on window very good. has stayed in place for several months now without having to restick
R2UB0OZVSU09EE	5	Five Stars just what I needed.
R37G3XU2OEV3GW	5	Five Stars Great product and easy to apply if you follow the directions! This protector really does what it is intended to do, I dropped my phone and the screen protector cracked but the actually screen is completely fine. Definitely worth it!!
R3GDX3Z8VKOBYL	5	2in1,Great cheap phone holder Great cheap phone holder. Stays in the vents well and doesn't scratch them. Will buy again if I accidentally leave this in a rental car or something.
R2PED8AHLH0UPI	5	Best screen protector I've ever used. This has to be by far the best screen protector I have ever used - aligns perfectly to my Zenfone 2. This was the FIRST time in my life that I've installed a screen protector without any air bubbles or dust, and the pain associated with them. Very happy with the purchase, and at a great price.
R3ZU4VC9BECIG	5	Get one I love it. Air in a a car smells smells better and feels cooler. USB ports are very handy.
R3I7GFKK8JX942	5	beautiful and powerful battery bank This is a very powerful power bank not those little sticks you normally see on the mall kiosk.  I have a Samsung note 3 with big battery so this is powerful enough. I can charge at least 3 to 4 times.  The other thing I like is it looks so beautiful. The picture isn’t doing it justice. By the way it is made of bamboo with really intricate carving not wood.
R3DDKR9A8RV3B9	5	Great Stand - Fits my M9 with a Spigen case like a glove. Nicely made.  Doesn't topple over easily.
R216E4YZD8FM49	5	Works well, good price. Works well, good price.
RJXUWDN9ILOF2	5	great case works and does its function, great case
R2AMWCQX8AXS3P	5	Five Stars Excellent product. Exceeded expectations. Awesome sound quality, BLUE tooth range, features. Highly recommend this product
R11ZU1T1PE8BU5	5	Looks great and so far Works well, Looks great and so far, its very durable!
R1E45H3TF7Y61O	5	Five Stars Works great. Not a single problem.
R10JEE5SDG0EBU	5	Five Stars Really awesome and really easy to use.highly recommended.
R3HSXC86R7U93Q	5	... more expensive wireless headsets but they don't perform any better. This is my fav and when I've lost ... I've owned more expensive wireless headsets but they don't perform any better.  This is my fav and when I've lost it and had to reorder... this is my go to headset!
R1I9V8RD4Z8X1P	5	Five Stars Worked GREAT
RBI5873JRXJB8	1	... DEFECTIVE PRODUCT FROM A NEW COMPANY THAT HAS A BAD PRODUCT after two weeks of the earpieces separated THIS IS A DEFECTIVE PRODUCT FROM A NEW COMPANY THAT HAS A BAD PRODUCT after two weeks of the earpieces separated, exposing the wires. When i contacted the company i was told i had gotten a defective product, but they did'nt have any inventory for a few weeks; hoping i could wait.In addition, it took about 10 days to arrive when i first ordered it.The range of this headset is about 10 feet, whic is far less than my LG. Per the company customer service, this is a brand new company located in Germany They clearly do not know what they are doing. I had an LG for 3 years with no problems...DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. AVOID THIS PRODUCT
R1OZU5VK67U334	5	Five Stars Got to me very quickly and was exactly what I needed.
RZU4MLVO2AB8U	2	Two Stars sorry to say I was just not impressed.
R2Q48T5VN83HJN	4	Four Stars Love the case. Very protective. Just a bit too thick. Makes phone more bulky then I'd prefer.
R28PAM3I2W5AHX	5	Five Stars The phone case is great! I recommend highly.
R12IU107J415PD	4	Good price for a very nice minimalist phone wallet I originally bought this for my daughters Blu Studio 5 but i now use it for my blu life one X. The holes don't match up at all and I have to use my silicone case over the phone in the case but my daughter no longer needed it so at least it isn't going to waste. It has Two credit card slots, an ID card slot and a cash area.
R3KW4MS86FKAGM	5	Five Stars Great radio sound good.
R3OG76HZ2HUHA4	5	Five Stars Protects whole phone doesn't leave sticky film after!
RLA0AKRKUZPH4	4	Great feel on case and protection. Kickstand kinda sucks Great cheap case. Only bad thing is that the kick stand is low so the viewing angle sucks.but the tech armor glass fits perfect.
R1QAR11RYIGA8	5	My partner in crime! My new iPhone 5 is my partner in crime while mountain biking or hitting the slopes. This tough and rugged case has turned my smart phone into a mountable action case. Really easy to use!
R3OCTLF5I7394C	5	Five Stars Great product works perfectly
RTHKWRSTTMHJ7	5	The cool benefit is the port covers which actually do a ... It's a soft matte case that helps protect the camera from touching the surface you're setting the phone on (which is the main reason I even have a case on the phone) without adding bulk. The cool benefit is the port covers which actually do a good job. The buttons so an amazing job at preserving the tactility of the buttons. The material is such that it has a bit of abrasiveness to keep it from flying off of surfaces but it shows the marks/scratches...all in all, it's not a bad case. For the price, if you're looking for a slim durable case...this is definitely a good choice.  -Edit- I bumped up my rating, initially I gave it 4 starts because of it showing the scratches/marks on the back, but it turns out that they disappear after a while...to be honest, I bought a TON of cases for this phone, and this is still my favorite.
R27A84BVGYYY5G	5	CANT BELIEVE IT WORKS!!!! I do photo And video with this phone inside of the water It does not shoot clearly ( clear shots , or maybe it was the quality / color of nyc beach ) underneath the water but ask for it being waterproof and being able to be in the water with it it is amazing!! I am so pleasantly pleased after skeptism.... worth every penny.... I got good photography
R55V0C2ARMWTL	3	Poor response on touch screen Extremely slow performance.  Very frustrating to use.  Poor response on touch screen.  Cosmetically, looks great, but I could not get past the problems and returned it.
RNO3S2CZ4XKDY	5	Perfect Gorilla glass screen protectors are so amazing. This isn't the first one I've bought and it won't be the last. They protect so well even from drops. The first time I dropped my phone with a glass screen protector I was scared my screen was cracked too under the protector. I pulled it off with relief seeing how perfectly it protected my screen. I will never use a different protector again! I recommend these to everyone and amazon is the best place to buy one. It came fast and well protected. This is a perfect fit.  I received this at a discount for my honest review.
R1BPXAIN3CP4PA	5	Great phone for the price! Great phone for the price!  Easy to use!
R3MDDRFTOJDUUB	5	I love it. I have it working, I love it. Excellent
R39KMQCCB3WIGQ	5	Amazin! Amazing phone case!  My husband likes it so much that when he change phones he order another one. He works in construction and he drops the phone alot and nothing has happened to the phone because of the material it bounces its like a rubber material. I really recommend.
R1232OC9MTLJ91	5	Five Stars excellent! Thank you
R3BF3N2XS98MSY	4	Good Charger for iphones quickly charges the phone....
R902JU7ALV6S3	2	... it and now returning it since Im not very happy with it I bought it and now returning it since Im not very happy with it. The USB 4-5 inches cable that came with it was found to be very loose and not working with the Samsung S6 edge I recently bought - while driving I tried to put my cell on but it kept on coming off. Now its a different story that you can buy a pack of 5 USB cables (of 4-5 inch each) on Amazon for just 3-4 bucks - so it may not be as serious issue may be. Secondly this charger didn't come with its own charging cable  You got to find one of your own. Everyone has one but that was kind of unexpected. Also while on my recent trip I put it on charging with my cell phone also hooked up. Next day morning I found it had only 2 blue lights on - not all the 4. So the continuous charging didnt really work for me. I am just sending it off.
R3T5R1KCSS58LA	5	Five Stars WORKS GREAT
R183PVKM2UKIDM	5	Five Stars Love it! Works well love this phone and the business this seller does.
R1WZAROLPZ1K0B	5	water proof phone case This works great....
R1IKP1NWZQ9QWU	5	Five Stars This case is perfect for my zik 2.0
R3QT3R9RF9V3X1	5	perfect fit, nice color Placed on phone quickly, perfect fit, nice color.. seems very sturdy. The price is right
RROQT62EUKQCJ	5	worked great. We used this on a road trip, worked great.
R2FVBRA0XYQR15	5	Five Stars loved it
R2XV0GR6M6NXU9	2	case really nice but back hook (which also has a belt look) ... case really nice but back hook (which also has a belt look) was just glued on and came off within a week.  Sorry, but not made well
R353YXBLC8KJIT	4	Got a winner here, mostly I needed rock-solid, &#34;can't tell I'm on a headset&#34; phone connection, and this comes pretty close.  A few people (seems to be phone-dependent on their side) say when they talk they hear a bit of echo back. Everybody says I sound great, and they can't tell I'm on a headset. The noise-canceling feature is amazing, and I can be outside with the garbage truck coming by, and people say they can't hear it in the background.  BONUS: If the RF signal from cell phones is somehow damaging to humans, (causes cancer, etc. -- not saying it does, just IF), having this small local signal near the brain instead of the whole cell phone should be a major improvement. The phone itself can be several feet away, happily working without damaging me.
R2NFK2RRPZ5MB4	4	Good for the money First  I need to say that I only bought this camera about a week ago, so this review is only a first impression. The Good: 1) Video quality is very good and the price is more than fair. 2) Long power cable 3) Good suction cup 4) Auto start when you turn the ignition ON 5) LCD display that allow you to view the video and play back  The not so good: What I don’t like and think it might cause issues in the future , is that the camera getting very hot when you touch it, which make me believe when the electronic components inside getting to hot , and this is not something that can survive for a long time (Time will tell I guess) and this is hot regardless of being on the windshield in the California sun. 2) The recording loop option only good for 1,3,5 minutes. I wish it will have the option to record all the way with no limit straight until the card is full and loop recording from the beginning when the card is full 3) the worse part about this camera is the window reflection that I wish was not appearing in the recorded video . I mounted under the rear view mirror which is perfect location from the view angle , but the reflection from the window  is a BIG issue which I really don’t like.  Would I recommend it ?  Yes but for the simple reason of price and video resolution. It’s a very basic camera that will do what you looking for in events driving recordings.
R83CBKR3POTQ4	5	Five Stars really good 5 stars
R22OWYNK2FFN1R	4	Good Bluetooth Headphones This is a good value and a nice set. My only complaint is I wish they were slightly easier to put in and secure for workouts. However I would recommend these to a friend as overall there really nice.
R2F79NL46E1ESS	5	Five Stars Exactly what I was expecting beautiful color and style.
R3O2JEZK9CXRON	3	Good buy for 6 months... after that, who knows. This cable is far superior to others on the market, however I purchased in January and now in August it's completely frayed and disabled. Supposedly there is a warranty but I can't find who to contact or how to go about submitting it. Yes, for the price its a great deal but I wish it had lasted longer. An &#34;L-shaped&#34; lighting end would have been super helpful.
R253BDI9F2CDOM	5	Five Stars Great n long enough
R2KFO7G8TNEK59	5	FIVE STARS A MUST FOR ANY APPLE WATCH OWNER If you have an Apple Watch you know how annoying it can be to charge it without being held up by something. This stand solves the problem perfectly and looks really nice. I would highly recommend this product to anyone who owns an apples watch!
R3JPN19TIPLY73	4	Four Stars It is a great sport watch but some times it gets freezed and you have to reset it.
R1RPRBP8U1NYLJ	5	4s clear cover Fits my 4s extremely well. I have the clear version and it is not cloudy. Feels solid.
R2CNNSROTZYZ89	3	Does NOT fit iPhone 6 Otterbox case I just received this cord and it seems to work find but does not fit through the iPhone 6 Otterbox case. The opening to the case is too small and the end of the charging cord is bigger than the original cord. It does work with my sons iPhone 5s Otterbox and my iPad case.
R1HWY04WHZ5RT1	4	Four Stars Pretty darn good for the price.
R29EKT0DOCFIFL	5	Exactly what you want if you are looking to protect ... Exactly what you want if you are looking to protect but add as little bulk as possible to an iPhone 6+.  Perimeter is rubber and stands about 2 or 3 mm above screen. Back is harder plastic. Might not save you from a 5 story drop but should save screen from the shattering from the face diwn drop on the garage floor.
R17GZODN1X100F	5	Five Stars Great seller. Good item
R1662CKY3NTS1U	2	You don't get what's pictured. I went for this glass cover because the image shows a cutout that covers more real estate on the Note 5 than the others.  See the photos attached, so disappointed in them.  I saved a photo of the product image just in case it gets changed somehow as well.  It's a SOLID piece of glass let me tell you, so I gave it 2 stars instead of one, but you need to know what you are getting.  Update:  My wife noticed on 9/3/15 that the pic has been changed to reflect the actual product shipped.  Good for them to update it.  Overall I enjoy the glass on my note 5 it's thick and applied great.  Thanks!
RO2ZQ91BGPBX5	3	I feel like it was a very easy impact I bought mine for the LG G2, and I'm leaving this review on the product I purchased. So if you're reading this for a different phone, it's because Amazon lumps several product's review pages together.  I've had it a little over a month, now, and it's got all kinds of little scratches on it. Not sure how, I've never set it face down, and I never put anything else in the pocket it's in. Took a slight impact on day 2, so it also has a chip in the side and a cute little crack to go with it. I feel like it was a very easy impact, and I wouldn't have thought it would have been enough to cause any damage. My guess is that since the face of the phone's glass is curved, the glass is just unsupported at the edges and more prone to breakage. Even if I hadn't had an impact, because of the unsupported glass, there's a very noticeable ring all the way around the screen. Maybe it's the best protector that could exist, given the design of the phone. Maybe it's the best that could exist at this price. But it's definitely not the best screen protector experience that's possible.
RN2I8AGCEXCG4	3	Not the best Case is great. Screensaver is junk can't not get it clean enough to have it work right
R3F0I7N5FUXB9G	4	Four Stars Charges my phone almost all the way.
R2JSGWDQGRYP5	4	Real good cheap replacement for blown speakers Real good cheap replacement for blown speakers. Not loud or powerful though as you can guess, certainly not more than the factory speakers on most cars. However I can hear music and that's what they need to do. Good for a quick fix!
R2V3LSPCYT79MT	5	Just received it and love it, it has the feel of an otterbox Just received it and love it, it has the feel of an otterbox. So far its getting a five star rating. Will update again after a couple weeks but I believe its gonna hold up to drops, and the style is awesome.
R3NV0RR8UDU3X7	5	Five Stars Good!
R2Z6TCZ9Q4I4IZ	5	Good phone by Samsung Great phone! Ordered from Mobile Group USA. Was delivered  promptly, within estimated delivery date. Had for several months and the phone is working well. Rear camera takes decent pictures. Battery lasts typically for about 6-7 hours of usage. When on standby, battery lasts longer.
R3PDGGZ44XE2SY	5	Not flimsy Good, solid feeling case. I like the swivel clip. Fortunately I haven't actually put it through a drop test yet.
R1VNCFTQKL5VKV	1	It blew as soon as I turned it loud enough ... It blew as soon as I turned it loud enough to hear it with some road noise. Worthless. You get what you pay for. .
R2HATZQDI8O1SH	5	Five Stars Works great, would definitely recommend.
R3R86P1LZKXSWP	1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! Super poorly made, took FOREVER to get. Not worth it. 2 days after I received it, the cheap plastic literally broke in half as I was trying to get it off to get to my battery to change.
R1W9O77LWNHQWY	3	I like it otherwise The volume keys on the phone is very glitch with this cover.  I like it otherwise.
R272CMXSCAPWL4	5	Does exactly what it says on the Tin Does exactly what it says on the Tin
RSM3T1Z8IC75R	5	excellent product! Fast delivery, excellent product!
RLF1SNCGGZ7F0	5	Five Stars Great product. I recommend it to anyone needing a portable charger for phone or other electronic device!
R6S5SPH0TLHLL	5	Five Stars My favorite case so far! It has worn down pretty quickly tho!
R32CQEVV5K8DZ1	1	Just really disappointed with the vent mounting Doesn't work with vents that the guides move vertically up and down. Holds your device securely though. Just really disappointed with the vent mounting.
R1EHN76P0I7MT6	5	Pleasantly surprised! Honestly I was not expecting much from this product. I bought a four pack thinking we would use it for our kids book bags etc.  I now have a tile on my keys, work ID, wallet, and computer bag. Probably the best purchase I have made in 5 years.  The tile themselves are a little thicker than I imagined, but I got over that quickly. My wallet is the only item, for which it really makes a difference.
RUTQ0JN3GKW8N	5	Great Glass screen protector for a Iphone 6 owning so many iPhone 6 in this house scares me to death to have without have a glass screen protector on them. The ones in the stores cost so much money and they don't seem to last that long for the price you pay for them The Siania screen protector arrived and I was so happy because it came just in time when my daughters IPhone arrived:) I had my husband put it on and he said that it was easy to apply and it looks great on her phone. No smudges are anything. You can't even tell that it is on there at all:) I'm very happy with it and so is she. Normal screen protectors without the glass show so much that you just want to rip the screen protector off,but these you don't want to:) I highly recommend this. It not only protectors your phone,but if it cracks usually its just the screen protector and at this price you can always get another one with no problem:) I received this at little to no cost to me to provide my honest and unbiased opinion and that is exactly what I have done:)
R3FYHOVVJ34JKU	5	Loved It! This case is amazing and worth every penny! It arrived earlier than the expected date. It does has port covers on the bottom which surprised me but other than that great case!
R3BE6N6IKLBN5X	5	Good product but it is not bundled with steering wheel control Interface This should be bundled with Metra Axxess ASWC-1 Universal Steering Wheel Control Interfance or it should be in the product description that when the Chevrolet Cruze has a steering wheel control it needs the Metra Axxess ASWC-1 Universal Steering Wheel Control Interfance
R2P1VKFB2SCMBJ	4	Like a whiny two year old Jesus stop freaking begging me to review this, Amazon. Like a whiny two year old. God.
R2ONGAG2YSM4VP	1	Not built to last. At first I was quite pleased with the product.  It fit well and provided easy access.  My joy lasted a whole two weeks and then the phone retaining latch broke off.  Fortunately I had my hand near my iPhone and caught it on the way down.
R3L7JGBPIUY6RN	3	Don't expect to wake up to a 100% charged battery.  Needs firmware upgrade fix badly. I purchased this charger so that I could just plop my phone down on it when going to bed - and wake up with a full battery.  Unfortunately, that's not exactly how it works.  Samsung REALLY needs to upgrade the firmware on this device.  If you place your phone on the pad to charge, it stops charging when the phone hits 100%.  That means, for the rest of the night, the phone is still sitting on the pad, but is now using it's own battery power.  It won't start charging again unless you pick up the phone from the pad and put it back down.  This is a major oversight in my opinion.  The pad should sense when the phone is not at 100% and start charging again - WITHOUT you having to pick it up and put it back down on the pad again.
R2B1UJQVCN3B3H	5	I like it so much I'm buying another one I bought this over a year ago and have used it flawlessly several times camping and when the power goes out to charge my phone.  I like it so much I'm buying another one.
R3V1HW2S7C4G9Z	5	This case was perfect it fit my daughters iPod perfectly she actually connected ... This case was perfect it fit my daughters iPod perfectly she actually connected the keychain to the case she loves it I give this five stars😊 I am happy with what I got
R396XY9860FHWE	5	Five Stars Works as advertised so far.  I would buy it again.
R26Y4GM3DYQXH8	5	Five Stars great buy
R3FW6VPVANQLF	5	Loving it in every way. With the small exception ... Loving it in every way. With the small exception that it doesn't have a hourly chime at the top of each hour. But a small price to pay. But no real complaints.
R3CORYI4MWMQI8	5	worth the price can't go wrong with intex. we use this at Santa Catalina Island. we get more compliments and fun comments as people cruise by us. It is very comfortable and will hold 4 adults on the couch and 2 in the seats!
R1F3UCVE74WHOH	2	Worked great for a while Worked great for a while. Then it would only read that the product wasn't supported by Apple and would no longer charge.
RKJHX9TVIXBCZ	5	Very sturdy! Took it with me to EDC! It's a great buy!
R127ANMJ5VYKSM	1	i would like to exchange the left ear piece was extremely low..i would like to exchange it
RQLQF2V6FKMLX	5	Five Stars Works as promised great product.
R2WNTL26TLF4VD	5	Clear sound First off I'm huge on boxing and I love how the item is boxed. The sound is crystal clear which makes it hard to differentiate from a cd. I don't see why people rate it any lower than 4 stars. Just an FYI you DO have to have a stereo head with an aux input built in for the device to work. One thing that I forgot to mention was you can charge to of your devices at the same time which is awesome.
R1PF4B14AZ5DR6	5	Great Purchase I just purchased my apple watch with a simple black band and thought about buying more band colors but did not want to spend $40 per band from apple. I thought I might find a similar band on Amazon for less money and I was right. This color of the band is great and i have received a lot of compliments already. I have worn it running, paddle boarding (I know the apple watch is not rated for water), and in the gym. It is secure and very, ver  comfortable. The band was very easy to put on and take off, it adjusts just like an apple band and the color is true to the apple green. I just ordered 2 more colors.
R1TZ134I80A3X6	5	Great job, WizGear! I Wana write a review for wizard because I ordered four order of these cell phone holder/car mount. I'm using wiz Heart because it is functional, simple, and easy to I install.  I'm gonna order some more for friends. Great job!
R3HXGJ78ASP0YE	5	Five Stars It allows me to have a docking station. Works well for what it cost.
R9815737PD3Q3	5	awesome for the price. great......
RC41P2WDEQMN6	5	No worries! Quick ship and item is just as described!
R1M581MS5R62T4	5	Five Stars The case has proven to protect my daughters iPhone 6. It's not bulky and it's really cute.
R1RIB14SYFBEN8	5	Five Stars Best idea ever.  Especially on vacation and family reunions.
R2J2HH0FBSJCYE	5	Two in one Perfect for keeping in the truck. It is about 6 inches long. Let's me charge either my iPhone or my Bluetooth headset while driving. No need for two cables cluttering up my console. Very happy. Price was excellent.
R10K09EYLZL2ZP	5	Five Stars Fits great
R35B0B69DYR54L	1	The user manual is all but useless. They don't explain the steps in near enough ... The user manual is all but useless. They don't explain the steps in near enough detail. In my opinion this is not a user friendly dash cam. Still trying to get video to play on computer but the steps they say needed for playback aren't getting me there. Some buttons you have to hold for a period of time others you don't and certain buttons need to be hit before others. The manual says nothing about the ok button they ask you  to use. Just so you know its the record button and the manual calls it the confirmation key. ( think they could have just called it what it is THE RECORD BUTTON ) The manual totally amps up the aggravation in using this dash cam. If you're lucky or smart enough to figure it out I'm sure its a great little unit. I found the play back as I'm writing. It amazes me how a company can create such high tech. and then screw up the manual so bad. Is it to much to ask for a company to put just a little thought into the manual. The manual should say press X for 3 seconds then use the MIC button then when menu comes up here are the additional steps. Its just an absurdly written manual that assumes you know more than some of us do.
RA6LDKD9HXHCE	5	This is great. I use it solely for my TV so ... This is great.  I use it solely for my TV so that I can transmit from it to my headphones while I am on the treadmill.  I had been looking for something to give my TV a Bluetooth connection and both Best Buy and HH Gregg said it didn't exist so I was nervous about this at first but it definitely works.  The one complaint I have is the volume.  I'm not sure if it's attributable to the transmitter or the headphones I am using but I have to turn the TV volume almost all the way up to make it loud enough while I work out (not a huge deal unless I forget how loud it is and unplug the transmitter).
R2QFL406VZ9663	1	A WASTE OF MONEY JUNK!A WASTE OF MONEY!FLIMSY NO GRIP!WORTH ABOUT $1
R2D1Q0MBYKYHSR	5	Thick and powerful Dang, this is a thick and sturdy screen cover. It's probably about 2mm thick, and it's not the slightest bit flexible. It's pretty much an extra glass screen.  There are several things I like about this screen protector. What I like best is that it came with a guide to help put it on. Basically, you create a hinge out of some stickers and flip the protector onto the screen like a cover on a book. That made it so much easier and less nerve-wracking - plus, no worries about bubbles under the screen protector! From there, its own weight pushes it down and seals it onto the iPhone.  The screen protector also does not get in the way of a case, and it's smear and stain resistant. It's always easy to wipe it off. It hasn't smudged or scratched once, and the sides do not collect dirt like other screen protectors I've seen.  I like this a lot.
R3IXIWAY97LIX3	5	Decent sound--natural, energetic, balanced, good range--for this price point; plus lots of "extras" Keeping in mind the price point of this pair of inexpensive Brainwavz Jive in-earphones, and comparing it with the in-ears' positive attributes, I can easily give it a five star rating:  Well-balanced sound, with decent vocals and instruments;  a very comfortable fit; lightweight housing;  gold-plated audio plug-in; a mic that works flawlessly and conveys your words crisply and clearly; nicely pliable, low memory cables; a classy look--with three color choices; four pairs of tips, (including a pair of Comply); and a nice, zippered, hard carry case (that other companies sell, similar but smaller, for ten bucks).  Sound is easy on the ears:  Dynamic and energetic; (Brainwavz calls it &#34;lively&#34; and that is a good description.)  The sound is not muddy, flat or congested.  There is decent definition/resolution, good range, and a definite stereo effect.  What you need to accept for this price point:  The sound engineers had to make concessions somewhere:  Bass is not booming (and that is not necessarily a bad thing depending on your point of view), and sound is not as rich and full as you get with more expensive in-ears.  Some depth is lost, but details are there.  Sound is somewhat &#34;laid-back&#34;, like it is coming from a bit of a distance.  Of note:  Ear tip color match the color of the in-ears and cable, and I kinda' like that; (Comply ear tips are the usual black).  Cable is thicker below the mic, thinner above the mic, to lighten the comfortable feel even more, and I like that feature, too.  Brainwavz has re-designed their zippered, hard case by making it more oblong, instead of squarish.  It means you don't have to roll your cable so tightly and it is easier and quicker to fit it all back in.  I chose the red and I'm very happy with that color.  It is a rich red on the metal housing--I might call it &#34;lipstick red&#34;.  The tips are a matching translucent red, and the cables are more of a deeper red to red/brown color.  Really nice looking, not garish at all.  *I received a free sample product from Brainwavz.n color.  Really nice looking, not garish at all.  *I received a free sample product from Brainwavz.
R2LZF89Q2RR2GD	5	LOVE THIS! LOVE THIS!!!! If you hate charging your phone and always being attached to a wall, this is perfect. The quality of the batteries is the same quality as the battery that originally came with my phone. I'm on my phone a lot so that used to mean I had to charge my phone a lot as well, but now when my battery is low, I just switch it out and recharge the other battery. I've had the batteries and charger for 6 months now and I'm still impressed. I definitely recommend this product!
R21ZQ69215BNN5	5	Good Buy Seems to really do the job, only time will tell.
R2VBE1EAWDUGEA	5	Happy with purchase. They're Awesome!,.I like the style & they're comfortable..Definitely worth the price.
RC9ZE8UPH22LF	2	Two Stars The stones keep coming off
R2WLOT9YCOYDB	5	Five Stars My daughter loved this and got a lot of complements from her friends.
R119SOH2K311BY	1	bad item This v.very bad Item i lost my iphone6 because of this case it says it water proof but in fact its not i was using it less than 1 meter for 3 min and all water inside so really if u wanna lose ur iphone buy this product im so angry
R2Y5CFCUMBQTRP	5	Glad to find the ones for my phone Glad to find the ones for my phone.... Up until now I have been cutting out my own... Really Happy!
RFN8DN3OFU8R8	5	Five Stars Thank you!
R3P9NMTNPFWD0Y	5	love it so much I love it so much I bought another one just for the future if this one wears out holding up really well so far I get lots of compliments on it
R1DTWDVGO5EYAH	5	... when we ordered these if they would be any good we've had them for some time now and they ... Wasn't sure when we ordered these if they would be any good we've had them for some time now and they protect the phones very well.
RAT2XKM01QZK1	1	One Star Device broke down in 2 months of use.  Does not turn on.
RK2UFJFG88HCD	5	Five Stars Worked well
R10ENGRJ5X8TBM	5	I am highly impressed with it and can recommend for anyone as a great alternative for a power ... I am highly impressed with it and can recommend for anyone as a great alternative for a power bank.
R1S5QEQPZ2DOXQ	5	Great protection I scratch and break my phone all the time so this is great for me! I received a discount on my order for a fair review.
R2DR3UVEPPD7HV	5	Accident prone protection I drop things, a lot, and this case has done it's job multiple times. I highly recommend it. I work in an assembly plant and I don't worry about breaking my phone with this case.
R2P7GI8XEURB5O	5	Five Stars Fantastic item ....wonderful fast delivery.
R38G0QL4WV8DMG	5	Five Stars I love this case it's very cute
R2K5Q4ATBDCIMJ	5	Awesome headphones Blocks outside noise completely and you can turn it up really loud. They fit comfortably and the charge doesn't take long if you leave it there for an hour or so. Connecting it is a piece of cake and they're just awesome.
R2HFPSS4ZR0OGU	5	Amazing ability to get super fun shot Works perfectly after you get it organized. Amazing ability to get super fun shot. Would recommend it to anyone.  Kind of a plug and play.
RY1U76ZZ07YJW	5	Five Stars Use it every where! Keeps my phone charged
R2822CIO9IFL80	5	Five Stars Very good
R35GC12SYZJW0F	5	Five Stars Very easy to install. Right size!
RG06B6DHLSHGQ	3	not much space in the wallet space and it rips somewhat easily, I like it but i could be a ... Broke after about a month, not much space in the wallet space and it rips somewhat easily, I like it but i could be a little better made.
R131AAT28XCYTI	5	Highly recommend. NOTE Have purchased a few of these and have had no problems with any of them. Highly recommend. NOTE: the plastic on the lightning end is wider than Apple cord so it doesn't fit in the slot of my husband's Otterbox Defender case but fits mine (not Otterbox) just fine.
R22ZZXIGWZYLAW	4	Fit is not quite as great as the Commuter for the Iphone 3GS from a ... Fit is not quite as great as the Commuter for the Iphone 3GS from a few years back. The case is a good compromise between protection and bulk.
R3513SGS5MV04H	2	Two Stars Nice looking watch but i couldn't get texts or emails on watch.
R2KB10K31VHTWK	5	Works well. Works as described!  I applied this to the dashboard of a Prius 2013 and it sticks very well.  In addition, I have not had any issues with it coming off during the hot weather.  It stays in place. Overall it works well.
R3TMSFI3HN9H8V	4	The RoadMate works good. Trying to update maps can be confusing The RoadMate works good.  Trying to update maps can be confusing.
R6MV0KB6RR3OL	5	Perfect balance I've had this case for a couple of weeks now. I LOVE it!  Very protective but not bulky. Perfect balance. The built-in screen protector is perfect. My only complaint... It doesn't come in purple.
RW25WJ256QCOT	5	Charges Quickly I bought this charging cable because I kept getting &#34;slow charging&#34; warnings from my HTC One M8 despite the fact that I was using the factory charger and cable. So far I am thoroughly impressed - this cable charges my phone very quickly and seems durable.
R2IFWFGJIZXLXU	1	Ok watch, not so much with the "smart" Minimal useful features - half of the apps on the watch are non functional, the radio feature doesn't work without the cheap and ill fitting earbuds, the touchscreen is either overly fiddly or unresponsive when using the on screen keyboard, etc. Surprisingly, I did put a sim card in it from our spare line, and that seems to work, but god help you trying to dial a number on the screen  keypad.  The only thing that worked reliably was the notifications from my phone to the watch, but since it'll basically replicate EVERY notification of EVERY type by default, you then have to go into the poorly constructed host app on your phone and disable 99% of them. Oh, did I mention that you have to run a garbage coded scammy looking app and service in the background of the host phone, above and beyond the bluetooth connection, for any of this to &#34;work&#34;?  Camera quality is poor. The remote shutter control thing is kinda neat (when it works), allowing you to use the watch to trigger the camera on your phone remotely.  Almost no customization of the watch face, fonts, backgrounds, etc. The only saving grace is that it's as cheap as a lot of non smart watches, and it does seem to keep time.
RM30V3BXUFCMG	2	Two Stars Doesn't fit the entire screen like it's suppose to.
R1M177W9YBTMAA	5	lovely case lovely case... fits perfectly on my phone and am loving it
RQAVQSY96AMW9	5	Got this for international travel and absolutely loved it! It's also a nice thing to have ... Got this for international travel and absolutely loved it! It's also a nice thing to have in emergency situations when the power goes out.
RVUQ6LCQXNODF	4	Nice Phone for the price Purshased one today, looking for a cheap but good looking phone just to see how those unlocked ones work. Pros: Price,  Big Screen, Kit Kat, Works on Tmobile H+ Nice, download speed of 6.4 mb average on the area purchased ,Puerto Rico,  it uploaded the Tmo network and Apn automaticly,  unboxing, it brings 3 screen protector (one already.placed), charger, earphones and a really cool fitted clear rubber case, everything nicely packed. For the price, 150$ total, it is a nice deal. CONS low ram, low memory 4gigs You can.use the external upgradable to 32 The phone says 8mb camera but it  sucks, pictures look so so, I checked the resolution and.it was at 8mp.maybe I'm just used to my Samsung camera. Still.haven't used the selfie one, so it must be awful too. It dont have an factory android.launcher like  touchwiz home instead brings an next launcher as default app, it look nice, but the icons are crappy, I downloaded the go.launcher and.resolved.it.until.I.can.get the original.kitkat launcher For the price, you just have to drop in an 32 g microsd and.you're.done!
RY4XXDXWVNKL7	5	Five Stars Very good!
R3SM8995295F0L	5	Five Stars Thank you..
R3H1EO7LHPVUR3	1	Do not buy.. Phone was advertised as unlocked ... Do not buy..  Phone was advertised as unlocked.  Don't believe it!!!!!  Said I could contact Huawei to unlock bootloader. That's false too. Wish I could return and buy a phone with support. Stuck on 4.3 and No OTA in future yet Amazon is still selling this phone knowing some of your apps will never work cause the phone is no longer supported.
R41MS0IB76R4E	5	Five Stars I'm verry happy for this product
RJDN9PLLXJ20N	5	Five Stars Perfect. Exactly what I ordered shipped fast and priced fair
R2ZVR7802Y1CTK	5	great Perfect
RNRCYUGFEV5V3	5	Like the original but affordable price This product is like the original usb cable from samsung. Fast and reliable charging. Highly recommended.
RT4NXHXOGPNCY	3	Nice case but with a major design flaw... This is a really nice looking case and right off the bat as soon as I took it out of the package, I loved it.  This case also comes with a tempered glass screen protector, which is a nice bonus since most of the time I have had to purchase those separately whenever I have bought a case in the past. In addition, there is also a pair of cleansing and drying wipes included in the packaging so everything necessary to install the case comes right in the box.  I found the case pretty simple to put on, and did not have any issues at all. Once I got the case on my phone, it was time to check everything out, and here is where I found the unfortunate flaw that caused me to rate the case with only 3 stars. All of the cutouts are the correct size and have the correct placement, EXCEPT for the charging port. Because of this, the phone cannot be charged while the case is on. Some people may be able to overlook this flaw, but for me, it is a deal breaker.  The case itself is awesome and looks like it would offer a nice amount of protection, but I cannot see myself going through all of the trouble of having to remove the case completely every time that the phone needs to be charged. I received one to review, and this is my honest opinion. Hopefully, there will be an updated case soon with the issue corrected. Other than that design flaw, this would be a great case and I definitely would have used it regularly.
R3ES8YZTTWNHUT	4	Volume seems like it could be louder than what it is for ... For the price it has done a lot for me. Its been a year and a half and dropped in water within the first 2 months. Had to put it in rice but has been working ok after. Every once in a while there's a freeze on it, but otherwise I try not to download aps. I've put a virus scan on it though since I use the internet feature here and there. Volume seems like it could be louder than what it is for dual speaker.
R25B92QSSPZYAG	5	Clear screen protectors Very pleased with the product. Good quality. Ordered and received in a timely manner.
RHRQT13MVE1KH	5	Five Stars great one i like it
R2AO5X2X35X7T7	5	Great case Great case that holds a snug fit on s6+. Clear case to show off phones sexiness. 5 stars
R1VW3OIHA0I395	3	Three Stars It was a good case just not what I ordered. Would not fit my phone
R1FHW8XHYC7GUR	5	Five Stars like having a new phone
RSH4LAI80R4ZN	1	I am VERY disappointed in the quality of these walkies for the HIGH We ordered these to use in our Boys & Girls Club.  We rent space in a large building and our rooms are spread out.  Parents come to the front desk and the front desk staff calls over the radio for the child(ren) being picked up.  2 out of 3 of these walkies stopped working within 2  month of buying them.  The warranty that I bought doesn't cover it because we use it in a work setting.  I ordered 3 more in July and 1 out of 3 of those isn't working.  Kids do not handle the walkies.  They sit on a desk by a staff.  I am VERY disappointed in the quality of these walkies for the HIGH price
R3NBX0YLAGOZWE	5	Five Stars So far i love this product!!! Love just setting it down and having it charge!
R6MJLO0DGX6TS	5	... BIRTHDAY HUNDREDS CHEAPER THEN A BOSE AND EVERYONE IS HAPPY I RECOMMEND IT BOUGHT THE FOR MY DAUGHTERS 14TH BIRTHDAY HUNDREDS CHEAPER THEN A BOSE AND EVERYONE IS HAPPY  I RECOMMEND IT!!
R1B0NOR7HZQAC9	4	Four Stars The company have a good customer service. I revived the item as described.
R13C0C7FMNVS3S	4	Very nicely made It is a nice case, not as safe or bulkly as the Otterbox but compact enough to slip in your pocket for a quick trip to the store without your handbag.
R1TCW6F80H23II	4	very happy with this product Ordered the case for my wife'said phone and she loves it ....very happy with this product....I will order again from your company. ....
R13QHRBK883LK8	1	don't buy it very bad product i can't use it as amirror
R21VQY87LVZ429	5	Five Stars Good case, thanks!
R1HF96QEUKSOA7	5	Five Stars Good
RV25FN51YNFCC	5	Great cable great cable, worked as described
RP008QIETOH3X	5	Five Stars I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this item. I'd buy from them again
R2JT9466YOHUJE	4	Great overall, could use better kickstand The case looks and feels really good. The only reason this isn't a five start review is because the kickstand feels a little cheap.
R2ACVEYE99BVTS	5	Five Stars sturdy and easy to use.
RUTWK4C0DH4BF	1	Would like a replacement Unfortunately, the battery wouldn't charge - it was DOA.  The shelf life must have expired.  Would like a replacement.  Thank you.
R26J3E2VMHKNVF	5	Saved my Phone! This Ballistic Glass Saved my phone this morning.  I was working out and my phone fell off the treadmill on to cement.  I didn't see any issues until I was in my car.  It looked like the screen was cracked all the way across.  After looking at the phone closer I pealed off the ballistic glass and realized it was the only think cracked.  I had decided to go with the Tech Armor Premium Ballistic Glass for a screen protector after breaking two screens on different phones.  I would recommend this screen to everyone.  I am extremely impressed and can not believe how well it protected my phone.  This glass did what it was supposed to.
R3P3VGMGR15AO	5	Works well. Have put it through the paces and ... Works well.  Have put it through the paces and it's solid.
R1BOHWADU8MKSA	5	Works well, small size and 2 x 2. ... Works well, small size and 2 x 2.4A ports to charge your devices at high speed. i received this product for free to test it and so far im loving it.
R176T7125M8NN0	4	Four Stars Great case
R23DMGE1Q3UPCW	1	Five Stars I originally gave this product a great score, after using for almost a year, the small plug has come loose at the stress joint. It does now Not work. This was a great price for a long cord. However you must be more gentle than you really should to keep the very weak stress sleeve from breaking the wire within. I would have to recommend Not to buy this. Spend a bit extra and make sure the plug and stress collar are all one sturdy piece. If you need a long cord and are very, very gentle this may still be just what you need.
R2FCMWG5JPTKV9	5	Five Stars Great product!
R3TUUORXDR8B9E	5	It's light weight and easy to store I use it a lot. It's light weight and easy to store.
R2XFH2APTWH1MR	5	Outstanding quality & worksmanship! Yes, it did meet & exceed my expectations, so far I have been very impressed at the quality and appearance of the Piel Frama iPhone 6 plus case! I would recomment it to a friend!
R2MNBOZ90DZYDX	5	Five Stars Excellent product
R39X1YP8H5T5XP	5	So cute It is absolutely THE cutest case ever. I love it so much and I get compliments on it all the time. One flaw is that it can take in a certain smell and smell like that for a while, like I had a bonfire and I had it on and it smelled like smoke for a while, I had to leave it alone and let it air out for like a week or two.
RG3RLVQ4PST2B	5	Works for my skinny arms As others have reviewed, this item is excellent quality.  I tried another similar arm band, giving me a benchmark - this one is WAY better, with a nicer feel, quality workmanship and nice features.  Since my 5'2&#34; and 110 lbs gives me puny arms, I had to cut off the second slot so I didn't have so much material on my arm. Now it feels comfortable.  Value can't be beat.
R1EDGDY80D33MK	1	Not noise cancelling The summary on the product said these are supposed to be noise cancelling headphones, they are not. They arent that comfortable either they fit like childrens library computer headphones. They dont get very loud. They arent noise cancelling at all. :(
R3OQSVPNZ1YIQB	3	didn't meet my expectations It didn't meet my expectations the screen protector popped out
R29PZYAQJUSJJ	4	Fits great and will protect the phone which belongs to a ... Bought this for my son's phone which was suggested to me from a friend.  Fits great and will protect the phone which belongs to a 13-year old.
RUNJF3TKN4AC1	3	Three Stars very cute!!! colors do fade after a while but thats normal with rubber
RIF0O9PC6SVVN	5	GREAT PRICE, GOOD SPECS, CAN'T BEAT THIS ONE! I am very happy that I purchased this phone. I switched from a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 because it was outdated and just too big! I was sick of it. So I went out to T-Mobile to upgrade to a new phone but I couldn't find one that was significantly smaller than the Note 2 (5.7&#34; screen). They just do not make normal sized phones anymore. That is where the Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3 4.7&#34; comes into play. It is the PERFECT SIZE. The only thing big about this phone is the name! Good specs for somebody who just needs a phone for normal use. Yes, it is not the fastest phone out there but for the money, you CAN'T beat it! To be honest, it is very snappy to me and the screen quality is great. Not to mention, the 13MP camera is extremely fast and takes good quality pics.  I highly recommend this phone!  Also note, in my experience, the Amazon free shipping was extremely slow! I would upgrade to the next available shipping method if you want your phone in less than a week.
RSDH7ITZ66SHY	4	so not fully charged but better than dead and stuck it was fully charged and i used up all the juice. my phone went from 14 to 87% I think it was. so not fully charged but better than dead and stuck.  does have a handy bag to keep it in in my purse
R2CVY770XO7K5G	3	Three Stars Works great
R3LURMTI26EMSA	5	Excellent Excellent product - crystal clear!
R3UKX9Z2T0AFDM	2	For the price its a bit too much they feel ... For the price its a bit too much they feel and look cheap... And to top it off they sent a different style than the ones you see in the picture... But they work right out of the box...
R37Q1S4ZM8B7HM	5	Great buy Love it like that I can wear it as a purse and wristlet fits everything and I like with everything u still have room to use the coin zipper pocket
R2ZF5I57DU6QL8	1	One Star Terrible voice nobody can hear me.
R3AV6DP20ANW6X	3	Not thrilled with I didn't care for these. Clip doesn't seem very secure, I couldn't really see much difference in the wide angle lens verses no lens. But for the price didn't expect much.
R3PBQ8C95S5BNT	5	Great Product / Well Built This Selfie Stick is both well designed and well built. The overall device is smaller and more compact than I expected which is a good thing. Therefore taking it places will not require a second thought.
R18D5WMZAMPAGZ	5	Five Stars It handles the hard nicks
R2EDZCKNY5DFTE	5	Five Stars nice!
R1Q0SWLG4SYJHN	5	Five Stars Al Ud excelent
R1ZGEASS77II02	5	Excellent all in one charging package I purchased the Multiple USB Charger-USB Wall Charger, USB Car Charger for my father who still has the older model iPhone 4. It has become close to impossible to find a high quality charger for the older iPhones so I was really happy to find one that includes both a wall charger and car charger. This retractable cord is excellent, something I've been looking for for quite a while.  My father has a cat who has managed to destroy every charger cord he's had so being able to retract the cord and make it invisible will keep his paws off of this one! Chargers I've owned in the past always seem loose, either at the USB plug or at the phone plus but this one is very secure which helps ensure a complete charge.  The charging speed is comparable to the original cord we were given with the phone, not slower as I've seen with other cords.  Overall I'm very happy with this purchase! I received this product at a discount for my unbiased review
R3N3FXA7FID0C5	4	It slides out of pockets easily without pulling the fabric upwards The case has plenty of protection, and looks sleek. It slides out of pockets easily without pulling the fabric upwards. Since I put this case on about a month ago my phone has taken some serious tumbles and has come out unharmed.  My only criticism is that the interior gray plastic flexible case is a little bit loose, especially around the bottom of the phone by the button. The thin strip of rubber there wiggles around a bit and there's a gap between the rubber and the plastic. I've just been kind of stuffing the rubbery part under the plastic and it's worked fine.
RPOAJNP01545P	3	Three Stars It's working good and like the idea of Bluetooth, thank you for a good product.
R3DEQOS9UV17YN	2	Two Stars This product seems to have more interference then the transmitter I had for my old I phone 4.
R2TYI4I29AS0AL	5	Five Stars EXCELLENT SERVICE GREAT
R3D5EXCGXW550M	4	Four Stars nicely made -
R35KEBY2VAMDIJ	5	Five Stars Great
RCWVAGCCZFOA4	5	Looks nice, not too bulky even with compartment, no complaints with 4 months of teen usage I bought this for my son about 4 months ago. Verus reached out today, making sure that we liked the product and asking us to write a review. Although we haven't needed customer service, it appears they genuinely want to supply a great product. My son loves the case. He has used it every day for the past 4 months. It shows minimal wear. His only concern is that if he every lost the compartment cover, his case would look awful. Of course this has not happened. In fact, he says that the cover has not come off by accident a single time over the past 4 months. It look very nice and doesn't add much bulk to the phone, even with the secret compartment. I do not hesitate to recommend this case to anyone with an S6.
R3INBNUMYFRAF5	1	DO NOT BUY Bought this as a replacement for my s5, it stopped working two months later, they did not want to replace this for me. Very disappointed. If an item is defected, it should be automatically  replaced regardless  of how many days passed since tou bought it. Do yourselves  a favor a DONT waste youre money.  Get it from youre phone providers store. Thank you Ps. I would give it ZERO stars if possible
R17TDJ8H589ZN5	5	Great item. Very sturdy feel to it Great item. Very sturdy feel to it. Has charged IPhone S5 and Samsung S6 at the same time with out any problems.
R3LD64H3O91L74	5	Five Stars I love it. San Antonio is a hands free city, now.
RXLOE4HKEED32	5	Works great, simultaneously charges a Google Nexus 4 and an ... Works great, simultaneously charges a Google Nexus 4 and an ASUS tablet. On a personal note, I also like the blue light.
R1S69UOCZCAMS1	5	Five Stars Perfect
R2JULDHIFZI9WI	1	... break my screen us also broken I would not recommend this product fir someone who always drops their phone ... The case seemed to have been protective but I guess I droped it one to many times & not only did the case break my screen us also broken I would not recommend this product fir someone who always drops their phone or anything else for that matter
R1LD1VY4ZQGKZA	5	Five Stars Perfec
RA49FGXMXAFEU	1	... got any parts to go with the gps what good is it with out never got any parts to go with the gps what good is it with out parts
RQXLW32ATH97J	5	Design Flair and Safe Phone Cover This is an easy to put on and remove phone case for the HTC Desire 626. My wife loves the purple color and the sparkly rhinestones. It has a nice lip to protect the screen and the soft-touch rubber is very non-slip.
R176WYHZEUMZR2	5	Five Stars They were great for the price.
R2XVC1KMBNISF1	5	Couldn't have asked for a better outcome! One week after purchasing this case for my NEW phone, I left the phone on the top of my car and drove off!  Hours later my son received a call from my phone when it was found.  Not a SCRATCH on the case or phone!  Couldn't have asked for a better outcome!
R2CNV54XBMFT6V	4	iPhone case Product fits phone. Want to try for other colours. Coloured cases are popular now.
R18Y6R98VD1KP1	4	Four Stars It works so good
R39DL4XJ26GYGX	4	Easy Easy to install and very good protection. No glare  from it either.
R14HFHQ562SW5S	5	Brilliant! I'm trying hard to improve my fitness levels and this is really helping! It's a great prompt during the day to encourage me to be more active. The motivational messages such as 'you will have walked 72 miles in your first month' start to put your effort into real context and spur you on! For me though the most life changing feature has to be the sleep alarm. I am most definitely not a morning person. I struggle to wake at a regular time and I am avoided by people in our house as my sunny nature does not surface until around 9am! I started using the band after a holiday to the U.S. and jet lag is always a HUGE issue for me. However, I set the band to wake me during the light sleep phase 10 mins before my usual alarm. It has made the most amazing difference - I've conquered jet lag without any problems, I'm waking at a consistent time each day and I'm actually able to get up and function like a pleasant human being! I feel almost evangelical about the difference it has made to my sleeping habits. I highly recommend the UP24! P
RAHIQIY5QVB1J	3	Case only fair Case is fair. Had it three days and already it is fraying and losing it's color on edge that sits on table.
R3TZ6LE3BQLP2	3	Clamp works great, but suction cup cant take the heat Bought two of these and liked them initially.  The phone clamp worked well on my Samsung Avant w/ a thick protective case.  It held my phone securely horizontally and vertically.  The base stuck directly to the dash of my 06 4Runner and 05 Odyssey and was secure for about 3 days.  However, after a few days in the hot sun, the base lost suction and kept falling off.  I tried washing the suction cup and my dash per the instructions, but the base would only hold for a few hours.  Could never get it to stick like original again.  I'm guessing the hot sun baked the gooey-ness out of the suction cup.
RYE2PHSMZSORB	4	Protective case with charging cable built in Two things that I always need for my iPhone - a protective case and a charging cable. This case makes sure that I have both with me at all times. Pretty ingenious - the cable fits right in the case kickstand. Cool thing is that this cable is also quality - not just a cheap piece of *&#^. Highly recommended.
ROEJRNR5DL9VY	5	This is everything i expected fits like a glove and was easy to put on phone I read several reviews before purchasing this case. This is everything i expected fits like a glove and was easy to put on phone, i don't think it took me 3 minute to put it on phone.
R21IH8D1UO07WF	4	Four Stars Ordered this case for my phone and very happy with the product....will order again from this company. ....
RYZ1ZSIWIN94V	5	Simple installation, quality protection. Very easy to install and clearly wont peel or bubble any time soon! Highly recommended, and fits inside Zagg Arsenal case.
R172E0P9NQU4H	4	Four Stars works good
R2NLM7J0OW571M	3	Not bad for the price I would say the guard dog iPhone case is average.  The silicone layer is easy to put on as well as  the outer case. I don’t particularly like the feel of the outer case...it is slick and the plastic outer case looks and feels rather cheap. If you want to add a little “oomph” to your case, it’s nice that you can have the hard outer layer as one color and the silicone inner liner as another.  Other companies offer cases which offer more substantial protection. .  but do you really need it?  It all depends upon your use and how “accident prone” you are. ;-)  For the current price, and for a “basic” case. . . This isn’t bad.
R2309K7RP4Z3MN	5	Good overall case for Droid Maxx Works very well for Droid Maxx phone.  I like the &#34;kickstand&#34; part of case.  Get a alot of comments on that feature.
R2KC2ZH4MUGXVM	3	Nice headset though The order processed quickly and it was received quickly but I couldn't get it to work with my phone. I was able to hear when making a call but no one was able to hear me. I worked with it for a while before just determining that it just wouldn't work with my phone. Nice headset though!
R3BPDMPMBPR35H	5	Five Stars Exelente
R3MV94LB0JZT6A	5	Great space saving item! Saves a lot of plug-in space on vacation!
R10RDNY30R2XOE	5	Best way to hold a cell phone during a bike ride.  Very snug and sturdy connections!! Awesome way to keep your cell phone safe while riding your bike!  This is the only cell phone case for my bike which hasn't broke!! I bought two other types, and both of them broke after only a few weeks.  This one uses rubber, and it absorbs the vibrations much better.  This thing is a MUST-HAVE if you ride your bike long distance, or it occasionally drizzles on your ride.  This will keep your phone remarkably dry during a rain, even though it's not 100% waterproof!  Great buy!
R242AYORQSGFI7	3	The slots inside for credit card was ripped and the ... The slots inside for credit card was ripped and the outside is just plastic. Just kept it so I don't have to spend time returning
R2OHRYO2KOEJX4	5	Five Stars I have had very good experience with this product, great performance, easy handling, ideal for me. high quality design!
R2OTH65SFQR97B	2	The medal around it is thin and bends out of shape easily. Not the most durable that's for sure.  The medal around it is thin and bends out of shape easily.
R1A1Q52X9WNE1O	1	when it was opened on Christmas it looked great. When it was activated 2 days later Was purchased as a Christmas give. What a piece of junk...when it was opened on Christmas it looked great. When it was activated 2 days later, it showered why it was &#34;used&#34;. Junk is junk. Waisted my money on that one.
R2Y5WO3YLJU8Q8	3	Get what you pay for It works ok - can't expect too much at the price. I have it set on my nightstand for overnight charging - pretty much every night I need to unplug/re-plug it in before it will charge. Not a big deal, but kind of a pain.  It become a bigger pain if phone has decent charge to being with; it will then charge to 100%, but once battery starts to go down again, it will not re-start charging without being reset. This causes me to often start the day with 70-80% charge.
R3MV9A6X0UUK6J	5	Highly recommend World's great
RYWQ2BQ7ODL3M	5	Love IT so happy to find something that fits my blu win hd. It matches my phone and the material both the yellow silicone and grey plastic are soft to the touch. I would say that using this case is a pleasant tactile experience.
R3TO2LGBFVPSAH	5	Five Stars Its a good offer
R2UXG022S2RD0Y	4	But it fit nicely and I would have been happy with it The cover is good-enough for my wife's HTC Desire 626, but it wasn't exactly what she wanted. The feel of the back cover was a little too smooth and the whole case was darker than she thought it would be. But it fit nicely and I would have been happy with it.
R48PO7NZ9RWVO	4	Four Stars Yes, I received it.  Thanks
R2WAZ7I9NORUFT	4	Four Stars Like it
R1E6SEEJYWWVLT	4	Great Value, Excellent for Elders - Moderately Difficult to Set Up Speed Dial I purchased the Snapfon ezTWO phone for my 84 year old Mother who has lost most of her vision from macular degeneration.  I wanted her to be able to get to her 3 kids on &#34;speed dial&#34; from her rehab facility and the audio feature is perfect for this purpose.  To call me she presses &#34;2&#34; on the nice big buttons and the phone says aloud &#34;two&#34; and then speed dials my number.  I got it for a great price ($79) and it arrived promptly and in good condition.  There are two reasons for not giving this phone a full 5 stars:  1.  Setting up speed dial was not straightforward.  The directions did not explain how to set up speed dial and Google was not immediately helpful.  It took me an hour but I finally did find the instructions on Google - the speed dial feature is located in &#34;settings&#34; and after I found it the rest was straightforward.  2.  I've only had one conversation with Mom on this phone (it with me as the caller, making a test call) and although I heard her loud and clear (the volume is also excellent for folks with hearing loss), she kept saying, &#34;Your voice keeps cutting out.&#34;  I'll need to test this out a bit more.  I've got the phone all set up now and am about to send it to her in the rehab hospital where she will be for about 2 more months.  Other phones with similar features cost up to $900! I found 1 phone with similar features at $59 but it didn't have very good reviews.  So far I am very pleased with this purchase.  I went to AT&T and got a $30/mo no contract plan and am happy with that too.
R132PLP5EEOAXY	5	Five Stars super helpful
R5DD5WT24BXN8	5	full time rv living Big screen great details when entering or exiting the highway.  You don't need trip planners if you run the road a lot. I've heard negative things about the GPS units with the trip planning elements.  Learn to read a map and don't ever truly trust any GPS units with all aspects of traveling.  Great product for the price
R2GNRN26GIHQTY	5	Five Stars Excellent product. The mesh baggie is a great addition.
R37YBGSSLZYQNG	5	Five Stars easy to put on, sturdy, durable case
R23AC9CBDKU25N	1	it makes my battery terribly hot & does not charge very well Does not work, it makes my battery terribly hot & does not charge very well, plus, you cannot use your regular phone cases
ROXQVK999DZOO	5	Five Stars Boyfriend loves it
R29NARHALSXBGS	5	Five Stars Grandson loves cover for phone.  Works well.
R33CY0L7W3CKH8	5	perfect! Dope!
RRWLHG7QQAPF3	3	Delivered as promised but have not had it long enough ... Delivered as promised but have not had it long enough to see how well it works or for how long
R2VFGUXGRI6OH1	5	Fast reliable charging. This is a great product! i had 4 other powerbanks and they we'r not as good as this! Charges fast and has a lot of power. also small and comfortable . fast shipping too. Im very happy with it.
RTHXGDN2QIOSK	5	Five Stars so far 1 month..very good
R134DD873KPTIO	3	Great otherwise. Difficult to clean. Great otherwise.
R3OPTOS9ZL4877	5	If you’re traveling – GET IT I bought it and took on vacation to Europe and this Power Bank performed great. We not only able to charge two devices at the same time but charge at much higher speed than standard charger.  It was a pleasant bonus I was not aware about it. It was also very convenient to charge it “on the road” when you are driving. Overall greatly deserved 5 stars
R3GD621VM7ENXL	5	Five Stars Love this!! Great product, just what I needed
R1XO7GNGRKQX7I	1	One Star VERY BAD I USE IT ONLY 2 WEEKS
R2GWJ7XAE1XHC	4	... but I have to say this is THE MOST BEAUTIFUL CASE I'VE EVER BOUGHT I don't usually leave reviews but I have to say this is THE MOST BEAUTIFUL CASE I'VE EVER BOUGHT! I much prefer to not have a case on my phone because they're either bulky and ugly or showy and don't protect. This case is slim AND gorgeous. I have no doubt it will protect my phone from nicks if I drop it. It's smooth but not slippery and the design is perfect. My only, Bengal complaint is that the outside lining tends to separate a bit from the inside design.. Maybe it's just the one I got... If they want to send me a free replacement I'd change it to 5 stars and be. A costumer for life! Haha.
R14P1ASSDMHHK9	4	Overall Good product!!!!! It states 10,000 mAH....... In all honesty it's more like 6,500-7,000 mAH.  But still a good product for the price of $13.99.  My main concern is how long this product might last. I hope it gives me at least 1 1/2 years of life. Only time will tell.  My rating is as follows: 5 stars for the price 3 stars for the product  Giving it an overall rating of 4 stars.  If anything changes in the upcoming months I'll update my review.
R1B4116K7SUHMN	5	Five Stars The colors are vibrant and easy to see in my purse.
RBT0NFYNF49W	4	Good case so far Good case so far so good
R2ZJT2II0NSMJJ	1	Was great until a little crack Loved the watch until the back of it chipped where the battery charger connected. They cannot repair the crack except replace the whole watch and re-charge a cost that actually is more than what I paid originally. Customer service was also non-existent so made the process worse. Sad to say it was great for a few months.....
RL0DG2F0ZTNYL	5	Nice case Nice case very tough I would recommend it
R3IZQVNKOPJ9GX	5	Five Stars Nice case. Fit well.
R37KL1SYU99VI6	5	Easy installation Apparently they redid the installation process, so it was really easy to install.  Seems like a good product, but I guess I won't know for sure until I drop my phone.
RQPT0ZA4MQM2B	5	Five Stars Item as described , fast delivery
R1L2IJ4IH4NX3S	5	Five Stars Really good product and has good instruction
R4ZS9Q5DZ9578	2	Two Stars Its ok, though it would be a little more rugged
RDSEJE35MEYCM	1	Not happy Not happy to small and not shown like it does in the picture
R1NK9GCBZ8TKC8	5	Anker E5 - Worth a buy This is my first portable charger. So far it's good. Bought since the Anker products are great.
R352HT5LGGNT3G	5	Well-made, great case Really solid, well built case.  Feels extremely well made provides a lot of protection for the device.
RF86F67KYUML1	1	is of very poor quality. No recommend The electronic equipment working only for 4 days, is of very poor quality. No recommend
R3O6ZON4E8CL7U	4	Four Stars Pretty good replacement for worn out Samsung S5 battery.
R1I2NAW3C2UEG7	5	Sounds great!!!! This subwoofer works very well. It sounds amazing. My Vette now is rocking!!!! Excellent customer service and fast shipping!!!!
RHBF2SB5WNW0T	4	Love the fun pattern Love the fun pattern. The case has proven extremely sturdy considering the abuse it has received from my young children getting a hold of my phone.
RSMV9PNAQTY34	5	Five Stars I was very pleased with the products and the fast delivery speed.
ROTL3HP62F1D4	5	Love this case Love this case, super girly just like me!!  Great customer service from KoKo cases with amazing shipping time. Great company, will definitely purchase from KoKo again!  Thanks!!
R1IKPTNYCOG040	1	Did not work For Samsung T899 T-Mobile , simply does not work. No audio, no cel signal. Returned.
RND8G5Q2Y674S	5	Five Stars goid
R2NJLZXHX2A49A	5	Five Stars Excellent Thank You..
RNMWL3DK4M2X4	5	Five Stars Great to be ably to charge multiple items at once.  Great price and delivery.
R317VNTDNKGB17	1	Not so rugged Well you get what you pay for here. I wear mine on my belt but it kept jumping off my belt because the metal clip was not very secure. I ran my belt through the webbing behind the metal clip and the webbibg is tearing and starting to separate from the case. Spend a little more and get something better. A stingy man pays twice
R10TMPD4HXPA6B	4	but overall a good product It does get switched off sometimes, but overall a good product
R1LHFPKRHHQ1RX	1	One Star Looks super cheap, and doesn't protect the phone. You get what you pay for.
RR8T7335PJUU3	4	Super cute case just lost a few stones after a ... Super cute case just lost a few stones after a few months of use. not bad as I am hard on phones.
R2BMCU3DM3PKVW	5	Must have! Love this charger cable! Charges my IPhone 6+ super fast. Durable cord, doesn't tangle. I have one that stays in my car and two in my house. Definitely a good buy!
R28VHH0KEQXI0M	5	Five Stars Excellent!!!!
R35TNSKKHAKHEU	4	Loved the item and got a plethora of compliments on ... Loved the item and got a plethora of compliments on it. Only issue is that it did not last; after about 2-3 drops the case started to crack and break. Which gave me a sad face cause I loved the case and style. I had to go back to the Duro case I bought 2 years ago which I have dropped more time than I can count and it's still trucking! However, if you want compliments and love retro Nintendo, this is a great case; just be sure to take care of it and not drop it.
RR5GH82HS7UCJ	5	Five Stars Bought 2 pair and they loved them
R1WJSZOPIIQZ8O	5	Five Stars Simplistic and effective! A definite purchase!
R2VJO9GZE308HU	1	Junk. Piece of junk.  Apps crash.  Bad photos.  Can't send a text with a photo.  The first version was 100% better,  Big disappointment, I won't be keeping this long.
R2I95J4AXPOKUW	5	This is a perfect replacement for my camera lens on the iPhone 9 This is a perfect replacement for my camera lens on the iPhone 9. I got the silver and the color matches perfectly. The lens cover is well made and and is a perfect replacement. The glass is very clear and once installed you can not even tell it was not the one that came on the iPhone 6.  So people know this takes a little work that most people may not want to do themselves. You will need to remove the back cover of the phone which is not that easy to do and it can break really easy. Watch this video before you attempt to replace the lens cover on you iPhone 6: [...]. It can be done but takes some time and a lot of patience. I was able to replace mine but it took me about 30 minutes.
RVE4KT8MEV32S	5	Five Stars Just started using it but like that I can charge one battery while using the other
R1JZ576HI7CFZ1	3	This is a great case if you only want to use it for ... This is a great case if you only want to use it for a few months. beautiful design and the ability to put cards in it is awesome. Then the blaring problem comes into view. the case does not last. the tab to hold the case broke of multiple crack lines throughout the outside cover. the only part that has lasted is the inner rubber piece that holds the phone. The only thing that holds that rubber piece in is some sticky type substance and when it pulls dirt and other stuff get onto the stickiness and causes the rubber piece to never stick to that section again. the outside cover was in such bad shape that I just ended up ripping the outside off and just using the inside rubber piece to protect my phone. In total if you looking for a temporary case this is great for you but if you want one to one look somewhere else this is not the case for you.
R3N6W4DB5ZB3Y9	1	Not happy... Leaves a residue/glue from the sticker tabs after you apply the protector in the corner of my screen. Trying to remove it is nearly impossible.  :(...
R27JSHXZ4JCOIU	3	Microphone problems I've been having problems with people understanding me ever since I put the cover on.  Don't think it's an efficient case for the microphone.
R22UR76O5RK13Z	3	Cute but didn't fit my tablet This case was exactly what I was looking for but sadly it did not fit my Asus eeepad transformer. What I paid for it is not worth the return shipping costs.
R2KZQRJIGMUQ36	5	Five Stars Nice screen protectors at a great price
R3RY5PV49EAYL2	4	The radio works fine. I cannot get my Bluetooth to pair with my phone. I have called Sony tech support and they do not deal with Sony Ericsson products anymore. The radio works fine.
R2CMKHS2LTD5A4	1	One Star PHONE only worked two days, then off and more work. REQUIRE REQUEST FOR THE PRODUCT WARRANTY.
R118NM5QA2FYBI	5	case Nice case
REJ6SFYH4CNEK	3	Three Stars Nice but the case is hard and hurts your pinky finger when texting
R2STHKZBCC976T	2	This worked great for about 2 weeks and then out of the ... This worked great for about 2 weeks and then out of the blue it just stopped charging altogether.  Very disappointed as I was so happy to have found a long cord, it's a shame it wasn't reliable or sturdy to last longer than days.  I will be returning this item.
R2YUS70US3ZPT2	3	4 starts to small for the iphone 5
R32TPJ1RYFI1L4	1	prongs broke on day three rendering this useless Prongs broke on day three so won't charge phone
R1DHLUV3OLO6NC	4	Good quality Phillips head stripped out the screws holding the led in place.  All the other tools worked well.  Would definitely recommend over tools included in replacement glass kit.
R12OCNF3ZNBBQW	5	This is a great tempered glass screeen This is a great tempered glass screeen.  Installation is straight forward and simple if followed correctly.  I have had no issue with it shipping or cracking and it looks and feels like there is nothing covering my screen.  I highly recommend for anyone with a OnePlus One to get this glass protector, you wont be disappointed.
RBM85C4DGISCB	5	Five Stars Great product and fast delivery. Works great!
R3CGWVGRX03SCP	4	Four Stars This case is very sleek.. Met my expectation !!
R3RAP6IDSAH2XZ	1	One Star Sucks!!!!!!
R2EFPLOOGLTF1E	5	Really useful! Real handy to charge multiple phones when travelling as a family. Functional and appealing design
RUNRXZXMKMRNR	5	Great gadget to have Great gadget to have. I was able to take pictures of 4 of us, husband and 2 kids all together. I usually the one missing in action, the &#34;photographer&#34;. All the pictures of vacations and fun times as a family, it was always my hubby and kids. Now I can join in. it folds small and fits in my purse, backpack. Sturdy and great quality for the price.
R189IRQ8VB81XK	5	Almost like crazy glue!!! Works as listed....even fits my Mini Cooper S round vents...magnet strong enough to hold iPhone 6 Plus with Otter Box Defender case!
R39SJJ1BC87IDR	2	Kept falling out of my phone and running down my ... Kept falling out of my phone and running down my battery. Even with it in my phone thought the s pen was detached
R1WKGRVQ3FN80I	2	Don't waste your time if you have a newer head unit. I'm using this remote to control a DNX572BH (2015 Kenwood lineup).  Functionality is incredibly lacking compared to an older KVT719DVD (2007 Kenwood lineup) unit and remote that I have.  With my old unit and remote I can press 1 on the remote and it will take me to my radio preset number 1.  The new one, nope...On my old unit, while playing MP3, bluetooth, or any other media type, I can press next on the remote and it will move forward to the next track; my new one?  Nope.  All I can do with this remote is change the volume and scroll through radio stations. Apparently technology has regressed since 2007.  I am pissed off that I bought this remote and I'm wondering what the difference is between this remote that has been discontinued and the much pricier remote with the same model # that is still active.
R3KUDGEZT6IPP6	5	Really great and the best value I live in Venezuela, the phone works well with movistar and movillnet. I am very pleased with my purchase, easy to use and supports all applications I have installed. Really great and the best value.
RA2BVFEWSD4C6	5	Five Stars Great for every day use
R2HD83PO6D4RF0	1	One Star The color was so faded and broke after I put it on. Would never buy again
R1HN1CRKEHFMQY	5	Five Stars great product, durable
R1GEPM8MQK6XW5	5	perfect fit for my android phone perfect fit for my android phone,great price.Fits security of my belt .Easy to get out of case and snap back in,like it a lot.I have seen people bend over and their smart phones fall from their shirt pocket,hit the floor ,not a good thing.With this case you will not have that problem.Also does not scratch screen.
R6LUVT5802FJ0	2	I thought I liked it, but as it turns out Well, after using this for a short time, I thought I liked it, but as it turns out, the case gets quite hot (only when when I had the case charging, not connected to an external charger), and it has caused the battery to swell up, lifting the screen off of the phone.  I would include a picture, but it's difficult to take a pic of your phone when it's your only camera.  Now I have to spend about $50 to get the battery replaced.  That's what I get for trying to save some money and not buying a brand I know and trust.
R11DF7OXU3OIJ3	1	One Star Didn't like it looks different from the image
R39UUWH7US55WH	2	not worth it I hate this thing. I really wasted my money. It does not track well. It has a hard time connecting to the app to sync everything. They think they gonna get me to pay $12 a month? Sike!
R5YVV2YPVQMX	5	Five Stars Love the case. Color is spot on
R2BNBFPXA6HM6I	1	The tracking is great, app is great The tracking is great, app is great. It actually does track sleep and recognizes when you are active. The problem is the design is poor. I have had my up since June and lost it at least once a week. The first week I lost it at work. As a nurse I naturally went through all the dirty linen (yep!) on our unit and found it! After thorough sanitation it was back in my wrist where it belonged. Naturally I blamed myself, maybe I didn't have it fitted properly. Nope.  Ya'll this thing falls off all the time. I have found it between my car seats, in my dogs bed, in the bathtub, in my bed, in my pool.... The list goes on.  Well, until yesterday that is. It is most definitely nowhere to be found. So bottom line, you pay that much it needs to be secure. It works great, when you know where it is.
R2R7X11W6EGA8C	1	Too small The phone case was for the model but way to small for the phone.
R634BBEAZGDR2	4	ALL GIRLS NEED A SELFIE STICK IN THEIR PURSE I have said this before and I will say it again, you can never have enough selfie sticks because a family member or friend will always try to &#34;borrow&#34; it. This selfie stick is awesome because it can be used using your headphone jack or with Bluetooth. You do have to charge it when you get it. I like that it comes with a waterproof carrying bag and I won't have to worry about it gettting damaged if I'm walking in the rain with it. Its small enough to fit in a purse and come on girls we all need one in our purse. The only problem I had with it was that I had a hard time trying to extend it. Other than that it didn't have any other issues and worked really good. *I received this product at a discount price in exchange for my honest unbiased review.
R28LR8C0UHMLP4	4	Powerful solar panel I've used this panel quite a bit now, charging several different devices in several different conditions, and I'm very impressed, for the most part, with its performance. Measuring power output with an in-line USB multimeter showed I was able to squeeze between 8 & 9 watts from it in full sunlight. That's pretty close to its theoretical maximum output of 10 watts from one USB port, (The panel may be rated up to 14 watts, but 10 watts (2 amps x 5 volts) is the most you could possibly get from a single USB port.) and quite comparable to the 2 amp USB wall charger I used as a control. In short, this panel will charge your device just about as fast as most wall chargers--in direct sunlight.  Every solar panel's Achilles heel has always been a precipitous drop in power output in cloudy conditions, and the Anker panel is no different. It uses mono-crystalline solar cells, which historically perform better than polycrystalline cells in cloudy conditions. Still, I notice that the power output would often drop to 2 watts or below in anything less than direct sunlight. In stormy conditions, output would drop into the milliwatt range, 250 mw or below. This is still enough juice to trickle-charge most devices, but it will definitely extend the charge time of more power-hungry devices by a matter of several hours. This problem is certainly not unique to the Anker panel, though. Just be aware that, in cloudy weather, you likely won't be charging any large, power-hungry tablets with it.  Build quality is very good, from what I could tell. The panels are surrounded in a pretty tough-feeling canvas fabric & held shut by a thick strip of velcro. It has four metal O-rings on Its perimeter, and the USB connections are shrouded inside a pocket which also serves as a convenient place to store your device. The USB ports themselves seem kind of flimsy & loose though, and they don't include a cover to keep debris out when they're not in use. I'd highly recommend keepingthis thing off the ground as much as possible. It's a bit bulky and heavy for the ultra-light backpacking crowd, but then again, I could see this thing easily recharging digital cameras, walkie-talkies, GPS units, smart phones, head lamps and the like, and saving a ton of batteries in the process.  The only real complaint I have about this panel is that the box which houses the DC-DC converter and the USB ports gets really hot while in use. This isn't just due to solar heating, as the rest of the panel doesn't get nearly as hot, even after spending several hours in direct sunlight. This has me a little concerned about the longevity of the panel's DC-DC converter. Here's hoping Anker did their homework & designed it to hack high temperatures for hours at a time.  One last note: I bought this panel along with Anker's own 16000 mAh Li-Ion battery. [[ASIN:B00N2T7U90 Anker 2nd Gen Astro E5 16000mAh Portable Charger  External Battery Power Bank with PowerIQ Technology 2-Port 3A for iPhone 6 Plus 5S 5C 5 4S, iPad Air, mini, Galaxy S6 S5 S4 S3, Note 4 3 2, Tab 4 3 2 Pro, Nexus 4 5 7 10, HTC One, One 2 (M8), LG G3, MOTO X G, most other Phones and Tablets (Black).]] I found that this battery will stop charging when its input current drops below a set point, and it won't resume charging until it has been physically disconnected and reconnected to its power source. Anker's customer support has confirmed this to be an issue with this specific battery. At this time, I'd recommend going with a different battery, as this one is essentially incompatible with any kind of solar charging, due to this flaw.
R3OO2VE1HK4GCQ	5	Five Stars nice product.
R2OL2IJJLK2DMP	5	Love it! This has saved my phone from a broken screen a few times. The protector cracked, but my screen was spared.
R28BGLHHUTBFCY	2	Rigid brittle case I purchased this to replace a one year old S4 case.  I figure a year is pretty good based on my phone usage.  I received this case and attempted to carefully install it.  After several attempts to fit the rigid outer shell over the flexible inner liner, it broke unexpectedly at the volume control / edge of screen location.  The flexible inner liner is slightly too small to fit well and the outer liner is brittle compared to the Spigen case I was replacing.
RQJ05FJDF46D	5	recommend foe.everyone Great product. Easy ans simple instructions ships super fast  Would recommend this product to.anyone..Great job!!
R1V5DOZJ4JOW0V	5	great case perfect fit and build quality.  shows off the beauty of a great phone.
R1W9GLJE77USFJ	1	One Star Did not work from day one.  Threw them in the garbage
R1K64XZZP3VG08	5	Work great, loved it Works great! It's designed to fit well over the phone and has excellent protection all around, it prevents my phone from water and dirt and doesn't affect my phone usage so overall great product. A unique design, thank to seller!
R3AIJZZGLWHNL2	5	Five Stars excellent product!
R9N36SE5U4FEM	5	Like it, Love it, Gotta Have it! I love this case! Feels very sturdy and after a few drops (thank you clumsiness) the case holds up! No scratches to the phone or case! Good buy!
R2CUU2WBFNZH1T	5	Five Stars Makes my laptop tolerable!
R3IPSEAVAV6UHD	5	Five Stars A great fun phone case and conversation piece. Kids love it
R1BLGEPUNFWXB6	4	Good product for what you are buying Very quick shipping and works great. Has a few different options like a radio and bluetooth. It does have an option to charge as you ride if you have a cigarette lighter port. The batteries do last a good while on a charge though. I have a windshield on my bike, and you can't really hear it going down the interstate, but riding through town it does well. As long as I am under 50 MPH I can hear it. I bought it mainly because it required no wiring, so I figured it would not be too loud. It did sit out through a heavy rainstorm, and still plays just fine. It came with two ways to quickly attach it.
RUJWAS3ZTN0Z0	1	One Star Stopped working 3 months after I bought it.
R1A5ZELKYM9VKB	5	Great case Definitely one of the best cases I've used. It fits very snug around the phone and protects it very well. Would recommend
ROYH9S0ZFGBRL	5	Great Product The Anker charging unit is perfect fit to fix our problem at home for lack of UBS ports for charging our smart gadgets.
R1COGZMSWJEQ1G	1	The battery is pretty great and has useful specs It was OK from a price point there's nothing that can compare. The battery is pretty great and has useful specs. I did have some trouble with att network.  UPDATE: after 2 1/2 months the earpiece stopped working.
RR0LSVTYW2S6P	2	Received the order, installed on watch and it would ... Received the order, installed on watch and it would not close correctly unable to close one of the clips. Lost the cover, threw away
R1S7B9T41MQB94	5	Five Stars Works well. Doesn't get too hot.
RLHL5BDDBED5N	1	Duane Great idea, although I haven't been able to get it to work properly only (2) or (3) times!
R3CKK5B4XI7OGS	1	One Star Mic did not work.
R1IXPPFZQ74VD	5	Five Stars Loves this case
R1R56EWSXLFBOG	5	Five Stars I love my phone case
R3CM3HVVETUOZS	5	Holds my iPhone 6 on my motorbike perfectly Using it to hold my iPhone 6 with silicone casing on a BMW R Nine T handlebar. Easy to mount and versatile when it comes to orientation: can use the iPhone as GPS or action cam both in portrait and landscape modes. Easy to set even with riding gloves. Holds iPhone 6 perfectly up to legal speeds including on highways.
R1PWQUWJHDANIJ	1	One Star Case didn't fit and, yes, I ordered the correct one. Contacted seller to return. Never got a reply.
R2HG2EJWKCJ9AZ	3	Three Stars Can't wait to get it for my galaxy s3
R26H6ACQUIKVVG	3	i was very excited to get my case and once i got it out of the box i was disappointed that it wasnt the same color as the pictur Well... i was very excited to get my case and once i got it out of the box i was disappointed that it wasnt the same color as the picture shows. The picture is a lighter black, more like a gray color and the purple is brighter. Well my case is dark black and dark purple... also my stylus is black not purple like the picture. Im hoping its because im in a dark room. I like how the buttons are easy to push and i like how it fits my phone. For the most part it seems to be like my old otterbox, maybe a little cheaper made but as of now it works fine. Also the kickstand is really hard to open.
R2DTNR6F8ZM6AI	1	rediculous Not wrth 1,star. Didn't fit phone. FALSE ADVERTISING
R1QQG8AGMO9NBO	5	I like this case a lot I like this case a lot.  I had the Defender's case but it was too bulky.  This is much easier to carry around.  Thank you.
REBM3VCW3WL3	4	Four Stars A bit bulky, but works as expected...also the key pocket is very small...
R1XPCUGZ3BLYXK	5	Five Stars Perfect. I charged my tablet, phone and Bluetooth box and still have over 50 percent charge...
R3OPAVE450EVVD	5	Super! Love it! I have all kinds of disc issues, slipped, herniated, degenerative, you name it. This is helping me improve my posture. I have it set to 10 seconds. I see my pain specialist today, so we'll see what he says.
R3DLL4233LAOB3	5	Five Stars amazing. fits perfect
R3UL4Y02GQHEKL	4	... it and make bubble on the edges they are Great Cases well made I bought Two of the TUDIA Ultra Slim Full Matte Cases a Black & a Blue the Blue is tuff Looking But if You have a Screen Protector it will push agents it and make bubble on the edges they are  Great Cases well made.
R1HZ45C1FZLT3R	5	Five Stars Loved the fit & color
R15HZVVJDHGEL9	4	Four Stars Great little bluetooth speaker
R3EM8UJLTJL8L9	1	Fake designer case. This case is a fake.  And a VERY poor one at that.
R1BXE1SY4BJB9V	1	One Star ill get a blue light flashing after a couple weeks and then its done
RRUR3JFRTV3JU	4	Good custmer service and product Had this cable for 9 months and it gave me an error message.  Spoke to the seller and they we awesome and are issuing a replacement cable.  I have a few of these and am overall very happy with the product and especially appreciate their customer service follow through.
R1NABT2L43VUY8	1	I followed the directions precisely. Cleaned the case with ... I followed the directions precisely. Cleaned the case with the alcohol pad provided and let it dry thoroughly. Peeled the liner from the adhesive and pressed the adapter to the case and held it with constant pressure for 30 seconds, flipped it over and held it for another 30 seconds, then let it dry for more than 24 hours before using. Then the first time I used the belt clip the adhesive let loose and my phone went clattering to the floor. I called lifeproof and they are going to send me a replacement adapter. If the first adhesive didn't hold then why should I trust the replacement?
R1CMESYMKIA9J5	5	Five Stars I love the products, i actually get exactly want i wanted
RC4ULMO0W72ZH	2	Its nice..... The case is nice and all but it doesnt show the apple when on. And the screen protector was also bigger than my actual screen. Im keeping it for now but will most likely get another one soon
R262CJWN6L0BE9	5	Five Stars Great product very happy
R37MB5LJHDNZZX	5	Great for iPad These are great!  This is my second set.
RKI1LJ01WZHHP	5	Five Stars Great iphone cover love it !!
RMV01A6ID9SUC	5	Case is amazing. Needed a case quickly as the iPhone was ... Case is amazing.  Needed a case quickly as the iPhone was already dropped and need glass replaced, very happy with look and feel of the case.  Item was shipped and in perfect condition.  will most likely look for more items from this seller :)
RF98CKQCZ1GNU	5	excellent product. much more durable than the rubber/plastic units excellent product.  much more durable than the rubber/plastic units.
R1N0EMY7L5I4AW	5	Five Stars Great
R2808MVG1Z44JZ	1	Horrible Product and Customer Service After less than three months my phone did not work. Sent it back to be fixed and they said they mailed it back to me 10 days ago, did not provide tracking information and refuse to respond to any emails. Not worth the money, I am trying to return the item for a refund for horrible customer service and a defective device. The device was overheating, would not hold a charge and after a few months I couldnt get service and my provider could not reset the APN's.
R1SMYAU51A4U9D	5	Don't settle for less Don't settle for a cheap charger.  This one will charge quickly and reliably.  It's a little difficult to remove but you won't need to unless you're switching cars all the time.  I was done using chargers that worked for a month.  Spend a little more to get a lot.
R35F57UP2EFMCF	3	I would really like it--even so Maybe I haven't figured out how to install it but doesn't seem to fit properly.  If it did, I would really like it--even so, I have dropped my phone a couple times and it does protect it.
R1ID0C8S4L56NY	5	Five Stars Fit perfect and functioned just as the original. Very pleased.
R1BUAFUYEIAUXG	5	inside vinyl works fine! Great value for the price Very durable on the outside, inside vinyl works fine!  Great value for the price!
R1JHJ7YH21LIQK	5	Five Stars very good product
RG2NZRPEMR6OM	5	Five Stars love it!
R2FD3OJHM102OI	5	Five Stars excelent
R29J413JJBWSSK	2	Good GPS but fails at navigating high traffic shopping, commercial and residential areas This is a very good GPS unit, however it had some navigation issues and caused me headaches in places that had a lot of traffic so I have to give it 2 stars.  The GPS took a very, very long time to download the initial update, it was not 8 hours, but it was at least 3-4 hours. You also have to connect it to a computer, it cannot download the updates over wifi. I did not have any trouble with this process at all.  Some states you cannot attach this unit or anything to your windshield,, since the device comes with a windshield mount, so you have to be careful if you are driving through a state with this restriction as I am sure it would be an instant ticket from the police.  The highway navigation on this GPS unit is very good, it is very precise, and plenty of time is given to make a lane change. This I definitely a feature I appreciate.  If you are trying to find anything off a highway then the GPS would excel at this, if your destination is just off a highway or relatively close to one. I took a trip to an area that I do not know too well with the plan on relying on this GPS to get me around safely. Since there is a lot of traffic in this area (and just about every other area that is a major city in the USA) it fails at navigating safely through high traffic residential and commercial neighborhoods. I would expect that a GPS unit would be able to navigate me correctly and safely wherever I go in the USA, but this one kind of fails at that.  It does not tell you whether to go right or left out of a parking lot to get to your next destination. If you are shopping or going to an amusement park you have to guess whether you need to go right or left out of the parking lot to get to your next destination.  Instead of telling me to go left out of a parking lot of a shopping plaza instead it told me to make a U-turn around a busy intersection, this caused me to get stuck in a snafu of traffic and cause a holdup because the GPS was not working right and it almost got me killed! I am not even sure if it was a legal turn, that could have lead to even more problems. It also sent me in circles down streets that I did not need to go down. Instead it could have just told me to turn left out of the parking lot and I would have reached my next stop much faster without causing a traffic holdup or snafu.  It also tried to tell me to make a right turn down a street that clearly was not a street that you could make a right turn on, since there was no possible way to make a right turn on this street. Again, another traffic snafu, if it would have just told me to go down a different street or just to go straight this would not have been a problem.  It does show street names and locations which is extremely helpful, the spoken voice is not a problem to understand at all. Showing the street names and location is helpful because sometimes signs are torn down or are unreadable, its also helpful to show the exact location of each street, so you know, in 3 intersections you have to turn here. This prevents going down the wrong street. This is a great feature and its very, very accurate.  If you are looking for a museum or amusement park or some place where the entrance may not be too obvious then this GPS might not do that well with it, we missed the entrance to a museum because we didn't really know where it was, and it was not clearly labeled in an easy to find way. It wasn't too bad because we were able to turn around and go back in. The GPS just tells you &#34;arriving at x location&#34; it doesn't show you exactly where the entrance is.  I also had to navigate several roundabouts to get to one of my destinations, and this GPS did surprisingly well with this, then again I was in a slightly more rural area and there wasn't a lot of traffic around. But it outlined exactly where to go on the maps so I did not make a wrong turn, without the GPS doing that,I do not think I would have made it to my destination without several wrong turns as the roundabouts were very confusing, and there was at least 5-6 of them.I do not think I would have made it to my destination without several wrong turns as the roundabouts were very confusing, and there was at least 5-6 of them.
RHHYQW6GZIHBG	1	One Star After a few months, it stopped holding it's charge, so I went back to my old, more dependable GPS.
R1OIYMEHHQ3R5E	2	case is slightly to small hard to get phone in ... case is slightly to small hard to get phone in and out. i've only had this about a month and the case is already ripping. not very happy
R39F5P8LUX1WJP	5	Five Stars Works very well
RWU2N1JKE7OUC	5	Five Stars I got a lot of compliments
R3VJZUQAW306A3	5	Great listening experience for this price point:  Well-balanced, full sound; oh! so! comfortable, too I am impressed with the sound coming from this pair of Rio S earbuds:  Very nicely balanced; rich, yet lively sound; full and all-around sound like you are sitting right there in the same room as the performance.  Not an iota of sibilance to be heard.  The longer you listen, the better they sound.  So give them their opportunity to break in.  Easy to listen to for hours, too--they are very comfortable.  For a budding audiophile, you absolutely cannot go wrong with these.  The sound engineers have given the bass plenty of room to work its magic.  And vocals are very lifelike.  I hear much depth with solo singers, both male and female.  I hear that tiny touch of tinniness that I'm used to with a few of my favorite rock band vocals.  Instruments sound really great:  Strings, guitar, reeds, accordion.  Horns are really wonderful.  Piano even more wonderful.  Mic feature works fine.  Comes with three sets of different sized ear tips, so you can get the perfect fit.  Fit is very important to your listening experience:  Don't be afraid to mix sizes.  Personally I need one large and one medium.  It would have been nice to see a set of Comply ear tips in this package.  If you are comparing this set to others in this price range, you will find some with an extra pair of Comply tips enclosed.  It is a plus.  My only complaint is that the flat cable has a little too much memory and I can never get it to lose its waves.  *I received a free sample product from Noontec.
R48KLCNHSLVLT	5	Five Stars Very pleased with the Benuo iPhone case.  Good quality leather, well made and just what I wanted.
R6UM07ZZT3ZGN	1	Useless. Has about a 6 inch range. Useless.
RYNE91NXIB33C	5	Great headset for the money! If it was possible to give more than 5 stars I would have. I have always liked Plantronics headsets but this is the best one yet. The range is great and the sound quality is amazing. I would truly recommend to a friend.
R4KZQQCHDSPVW	1	looks like an iphone otterbox looks like an iphone otterbox, but doesn't fit at all.  we had to tweek it to get it to fit. wouldn't buy it again.
R1TZSWY3R60U8J	5	This is a great speaker! Bought it for the golf course and ... This is a great speaker! Bought it for the golf course and it works perfect. Good sound from this tiny speaker! I have already recommended it to several other people!
R1BT68BYODKM9I	5	Amazing! This is the most amazing phone case ! My husband works in contraction and has dropped this phone sooo many times and the phone just bounces protecting the phone it's the material of what the phone is made of its amazing! I really recommend give it a try!
R1PZXH7FAJYW6V	3	Three Stars great extension cable just wish it was a little more durable!
R3JLSREOG7ROP6	5	Attractive Case Have dropped my iPhone multiple times and have had no cracking or issues. Looks nice on my phone; can still see the gold coloring of the iPhone through the case.
RPNM3UAQY7DPA	5	Very happy Works great for perk t.v, I have bought 5 of this phone and they only crash from time to time, and I have made 20$ in 2 weeks using them for this purpose, that's close to 50$ a month so they will pay for themselves in 2 months.
R202SEGSPR903F	4	Four Stars work well
R32S9W0EV5IMUI	5	Great for Traveling The Zilu Smart Power external battery is a cheap external battery the works very well if you need to charge your device once. It has a full 2 amp outport USB so it charges your phone faster (if you have a phone the can handle 2Amps if not it will use a lower amount.) This external battery also includes smart technology that will detect if your phone is fully charged. The only major issue that I highly is the way the indicator lights shows the charge. If you have the device up right the indicator lights goes bottom to top. But thats not that big of and issue to cause someone not to buy the external battery. You can also get the external battery in different colors. I would really recommend this external battery if you want a small external battery for traveling.  &#34;I was provided with a free copy of this item for testing and my fair and honest evaluation”
RET38ZNU3IC8L	5	Very Good Case This case so far has been great for my phone. The owl design is extremely cute and it looks great on my phone. However, I do agree with the other reviews saying it is hard to get on. I didn't have too many problems getting it on my phone, but after trying to take the case off my phone (thinking that I had put it on the wrong way) I could not get it off. I tried using a pen which didn't work, but after reading a review about scissors I may have to try that. I think this case is very durable and keeps my phone safe, but it is extremely difficult to get off your phone. I would recommend it, but with caution.
R120P9O7F20BRD	5	Simply Awesome Excellent case for my ipad mini. Awesome design and protection.
R11520DFZUR753	5	Three Stars It's cute this is my second one just try not to set it and take good care of it
RRF281KZ6US8E	5	Five Stars Good quality
R1593EM56412NH	4	Nice case except the front is not like the picture on here, there's 2 holes not 1 I like my new case from #Ghostek it is pretty💣since Lifeproof wanna bullcrap on making a Fr&egrave; for the 6 plus. I'm not fond of their Nu&uacute;d case but I am VERY fond of this Ghostek case, I submerged this case in water and there was NO WATER AT ALL inside of it!! I got this case and am very glad that I made the purchase while getting qualified for the Amazon.com Chase credit card with $1,000 credit limit & $200 cash advance didn't hurt neither😉fyi: I have a GLASS HD screen protector by Amzer on underneath the plastic screen protector that is on the case & my phone works fine with NO problems at all. It's very CLEAR while viewing & still easy to use the touchscreen. I wish that the case would have come EXACTLY as advertised with only 2 holes in the front but it has 3 & the extra hole at the top isn't needed because the phone only has 2 holes in the front on the screen. That's my only issue with it so that's why I gave it 4⭐️instead of 5 because the picture is false advertising in my eyes because I expected to have the EXACT same front for my screen. I called my son and he said I sounded muffled a little bit but it's barely noticeable so we switched phones and I didn't hear anything, maybe I need a hearing aid, so I'll just wait until someone else calls me and tells me I sound weird or something to comeback and do an update for that part of the phone. I like how my phone is completely covered it is not a piece of my phone uncovered and I like that ALOT!! It's like my Zero Lemon case but waterproof with a plastic screen protector on top of my Amzer tempered glass screen protector. #Ghostek #Apple #iPhone6Plus
R1DD2U32LJIKK7	5	Five Stars I love the case. Also it came a day early so yay(:
RROO2ZPF4PSH1	5	Love It I Love The Case, It Came Like A Week Earlier So That Was Great
R3SB4N8W553MFC	1	Beware Terrible. Way to big for even the LG G4 with an otterbox attached. To make matters worse, the opening has no method of closing so that when you're running your phone or whatever else you have in there could fly out at any second.
RTBAH5Z1EVMD7	5	I got these to try out this technology. They ... I got these to try out this technology.  They were well worth the cost and I think they will hold up well.
RZ4FE0IHQTM65	5	Five Stars fits better than the original one that came with my watch
RMZF2XC8K3RMQ	5	Five Stars I like it
R2A0K4EYSO2PQL	1	One Star Dead on arrival.
R3LYRVBD6NJKKW	5	Great Great product, awesome price, fits lots of cards, license insurance etc plus you could throw some paper money in there also.
R3MER7CYEZC5OE	3	Friendly Heads Up Used to hook up antenna from kenwood deck to 2000 silverado. Part was very loose fitting and had a tendency to wanna slip off while installing deck. Antenna adapter serves it's purpose.
R1KEP1DUJK2LD5	5	GREAT!!!!! I thought I had reviewed this already but I must have failed to press submit. In any event this is a great product. If I can apply this correctly anyone can. I watched the instructional video first. Then I followed the instructions to the letter. The only change I made is that I applied so much of the solution the shield was more than dripping. Once I positioned the screen I waited about 40 minutes for the sides to become sticky. I had to do this because I had overdone the solution. Then I patiently smoothed down the sides. I was very surprised at how good it looked and covered the COMPLETE screen. Then I went for a bicycle ride. I know I was supposed to wait overnight but what the hey? No lift...no problems. After the ride I let the watch dry overnight and the last couple of bubbles dissipated. GREAT product!
R1XVW9R83DEQC7	5	Excellent Product, even better price. Excellent product. Great Sound. I bought it so that I could have something in the shower to answer the phone, listen to music and if I wanted watch Netflix and it works for all of that.It is made very well I definitely recommend this product.
R1G70NBAME14F6	4	Four Stars I am happy....but much cheaper made than the last one I got.
R2G8WYBH1N3KKD	4	Four Stars Very nice
RENEGFNG2D6LB	5	Highly Suggested I do not normally write reviews, but I am VERY happy with this product. It arrived very quickly, sounds fantastic, feels durable, and looks great.
R1VJ7FCXXMLMRL	1	One Star ...trash 😡
R3Q616FRLVAP7F	3	Three Stars ok
R1VZBKBGSDPEHK	2	The cable is thick and looks great. Works with the iphone 6+ Updating my review.  Worked great but this one is not very durable. After a month of actual use, the end of the cable broke and got stuck in the phone.  Be aware of the warranty, tudia wants you to pay $5 to replace.  The cheaper cables last longer than these.  Will not buy this brand again.
R2IQXPZ4KFNSQI	5	works great Works great for the note 2, havent had any problems so far. Also the phone mount can be used on other tripods, works great on my 5 foot tripod
R6XWNBT5A8XOT	1	One Star bought these chargers and within a month 2 out of 3 of them were broken!
R1U3S1WB75SDXC	5	Pretty easy to use Pretty easy to use. Self explanatory. Broke the USB cord but luckily takes an easy to find generic cord. Good for the price.
R1S3E8KBYD9KER	4	Awesome case for the $ I've had this case for over a year and its been on and off my phone several times. I only have one little crack on the pink border in the front. Easy to get on and off but very sturdy. I know if I drop my phone, I'm not going to have a cracked screen.
ROSH27CX6X0OE	4	Four Stars Good quality for the price
R14MUIV2DAHKGP	5	Great little stand! Love this little guy.... this is the second one I bought.  We used it to death.  Actually my 4 year old bent the first one too far.  We love this product.  Many positions, does not tip easily.  I bought 2 more.  Everyone in the family is always looking for the ipad stand.
R3VI5FNNPI8PYT	5	works perfect works perfect
R3UFFLAILCV73H	3	Have to use a cleaner to clean the glass. ... Have to use a cleaner to clean the glass.  Too small for the Galaxy's screen.  Leaves a gap between it and the Otterbox case I have!
RGNUPJ6TOI25U	5	Durable cord. Phone charging cable. Exactly as advertised, and durable, doesnt feel cheap.
R3UN86E6SXOMD1	4	other than that is a great phone for the money This phone wasn't Android 5 and is NOT 4glte on At&t networks .. other than that is a great phone for the money
RGR47658T6I0W	4	Good product with a flaw Works as promised - magnets powerful enough to hold a Nexus 6 without any issues.Have not seen any magnetic issues impacting the phone or contents.  I have one gripe though, the front rotating plate falls off after a few rotations - I guess I was turning the phone in only one direction only after attaching it. It screwed back on without any problems, however, i cannot tighten it without piercing the rubber center to get to the head of the screw.Techmatte should place a stop not to allow the front plate to turn 360°.
RHW47O8F4B8RU	5	Love it!! Use it all the time! Love it!! Use it all the time!
R1F7XM183VYYN6	1	One Star Terrible
R1HSPERJPYFLR5	2	Product received was NOT what is described or pictured This product we received was NOT the product in the description. It was similar- but not enough for us to like it. The description states &#34; A locking swivel belt clip is easily locked into an extended position and provides different viewing angles while watching movies or video calls, also rotatable 180 degrees&#34; - however this was not possible with the case shipped to us. The silicone shell showed honeycomb grip interior in product photos, which was not what we received. The silicone shell also did not fit snug around the phone and was loose enough to look like it was not the right model for the phone - an HTC Desire 626s - which is stated in product description to be made to fit both 626 and 626s. All the buttons and cutouts for camera, mic, earbuds and charging were correct, and so was the outer shell and the front cover/holster fit nice and snug over the outer shell. Also in the photos it shows that the front cover / belt clip holster interior is covered in either felt or some other material to possibly help protect the phone screen. The product that we received was just the hard plastic interior. The item we received was ok - but we did not like how loose the inner silicone case looked on the phone (it appeared wrinkled around the edges when the outer case was applied) and were concerned it would slip off too easily and not provide the protection we desired. When the phone was inside the belt clip front cover/holster it did not feel like it would slip out but as the phone will be in the hands of a teen more than in its belt holster, this was a concern as well as the odd look it gave to the phone with the wavy/wrinkled look down the sides from the silicone not being a proper fit. We will be returning this product immediately and looking for something else.
R36BE7DM17RZW	5	Recommend this for Sony Xperia Z Altra Fits perfect, good grade of rubber, clean look.
R1SHTB2RPHDLGT	5	Five Stars great little case.
R3BH8D461Q70V7	5	My family and I really love the product My family and I really love the product. It is really great feature with 360 rotation, I can move my cell to every angle. What a brilliant idea!
R130JPYD27E942	5	Galaxy Note 5 iSmooth Screen Protector If you really want what's worth for your money, iSmooth screen protector is the right for you! From buying to installation was as easy as 1-2-3!
R1WTJTBWG13CYB	5	excellent very protective, feels great, just a little bit heavy. very well made.
R1BXXXZSG3VXRS	5	Installation was very easy, I just followed the instructions it came with ... Installation was very easy, I just followed the instructions it came with and went on flawlessly. Would buy again if this one breaks or I get a new phone.
R15A3QS3E38IJ3	5	Very useful for on the go Perfect if you have this phone and want quick access to it. Used it during courier work. Durable, easily to put on/take off, easy to remove phone from it and put it back in. I did NOT use the phone cover with it, so the phone just slid right on it. Kept phone from getting dropped, scratched, etc. Good product.
R3DCGR5Z4H957H	4	It does its job and looks good doing it. Great case. Orange is a little brighter than pictured but that's fine with me; it's my favorite color. And I love the kickstand! The stylus is handy and the perfect size. The screen protector was a little tedious just to prevent a few finger prints. And no matter what I did I couldn't get the air bubbles out from underneath, so that ended up in the trash. But overall - for the price - great product bundle.
R859XMPDRM7ZW	4	Well made product! This decal is a perfect fit with my lifeproofcase and my phone looks great.
R4OSOL325PIYW	5	Very Fast! I bought two of these after I bought this one. It's kind of awesome and charges super fast!
R2JZNFJ164VJUO	5	Woks great and very convenient. This product works well.  It is challenging to find a good protective case for the Samsung Galaxy Note Edge due to the increased thickness of the phone after installing the Charging Qi Cover.
R3B5SSC1ULYYIP	5	Five Stars Great phone for the price
R1LH595O912OL6	5	Perfect, I needed this for my car Perfect, I needed this for my car, everyone wants to charge their phone while driving, this out let made it possible.
R37CHQ8O2TAOJV	5	Works with tempered glass screen protector I bought this after realizing my Ringke SLIM case was not protecting my screen entirely when my phone was inverted. It grips easily, doesn't have much visible branding, and it doesn't block any of the buttons, sensors, camera, or speaker functions. Highly recommend.
R1HEC40TFVV667	5	Five Stars works good
R321JP9QGVGUEZ	4	Four Stars Is very good
R25R7GSWVXE44U	1	NOT waterproof One rainstorm and it shorted out. Product is not waterproof. Worked perfectly prior to that though.
R1S65AUUT6RM2D	4	Good charger Charges our Samsung S6 pretty well.  It is a little touchy as to where the phone needs to be placed to charge it.
R2G4HWPLAVRIE6	5	Great case. Looks nice on the phone and the ... Great case. Looks nice on the phone and the look makes it look like there is no case on it. I primarily only by Spigen cases and this is the reason why. On my iPhone I also use a Spigen thin case.
RUBD4RJN3YMSZ	4	Good sound and battery, average buttons and overall quality Works very well for the intended use, i was actually a little surprised by the good quality of the sound, it's of course not a bose-like sound but it's pretty decent for a wireless headset. battery duration is very good, and overall no complains. I personally feel a little discomfort after wearing them for +45 minutes (at gym) since you really have to push them well inside your ears so that they stay in place. also the master and volume buttons are extremely difficult to use, i actually don't used them at all while wearing them (it's very hard to push), but i have no issues controlling everything from my phone.
R2HOKBWX84TUN8	2	HAD TO CUT IT TO MAKE IT FIT I PAD ... HAD TO CUT IT TO MAKE IT FIT I PAD AIR AND COMES OFF WHEN I PUT CHILDPROOF CASE ON IT,BUT CANT BEAT THE PRICE
R1D27C23VALKDV	5	Five Stars Great
RJ33DC42RZLHD	4	love the color!!! It is a perfect fit!
R1YNPZBDTFI1KJ	5	Love the lifetime warranty! i bought this for my iPhone 6 last year and within a month, dropped the phone. The screen protector cracked but my screen was fine. Tech armor quickly sent me a new screen protector, free, no hassles. Recently dropped my phone again cracking the protector. Quickly got a replacement for free!  I drop my phone a lot and the screen protector doesn't even scratch. I now have one on my iPad and the kids iPads. I especially like the anti-glare/anti-fingerprints for those. I will never use another brand!
R32J6BGQ2IV7M9	5	Love this case on my Samsung Note 4 Love this case on my Samsung Note 4, and even my 15 month old grand baby has not hurt the phone as many times as she has dropped it. Does exactly what it says, protects your phone.
R2DY9W0CPRJE7Q	5	Five Stars Great stylus. It writes really smoothly. My boyfriend and I have been using it for months and it has been holding up really well. I prefer it way more than using my finger.
R3BXIO46AZUTO	5	Five Stars Awesome product, very durable.
R2UF2OLTDT1LMG	5	Great price for a good phone. Activated the phone with AT&T and it works great. I receive high signal strength almost everywhere I go at work and home. Not a top of the line phone but for the price and everything it comes with, very well worth it.
R265O4EOAGZDSS	4	Good Buy! Very simple to replace the battery. Found myself only using only a few of the array of tools provided. Replaced the battery in 10 minutes and it was like having a new phone! This battery will last me all day, and I no longer need to keep a charger with me at all times. Only downside is that this new battery gets very very hot, which is scary sometimes because the old battery never got THIS hot. However, it works well and I'm very pleased. It's been about 3 weeks since I've installed this new battery, and I've had no problems. Thank God!
R1F2XK04V69OKC	5	great sound and over all satisfied with purchase Item came with no instructions within box. Item is as described, great sound and over all satisfied with purchase.
RTWDYV9SALUME	5	Five Stars Great item at a great price and fast shipping!
R17889OZ3AEJ28	5	Five Stars Really cute wish it was a silver chain but still a cute black phone case wristlet
R2CHKFF43BFZ4L	4	Really good head unit Really good head unit.  Sounds awesome and gives out plenty of power for my 7 speaker audio system in my car. Only problem I can think of is the option to save names of songs you hear on the radio is only for iPhone users and also I can't get my unit to dis play the name for radio at all via an analog connection.
R1FVL8GSWI1DYN	4	Great Product! Great portable battery pack, and at an excellent price. It is a must have for anyone with multiple portable devices. I ordered this before taking a trip to Reno. It was more for my son since we let him use the iPad so that he could have something to do while we were on our way(by car) to Reno. This battery pack provides the extra juice necessary for the iPad and my iPhone.  The LED light also comes in handy, but there is a negative. The light isn't straight, and points downward. Other then that, this thing is great!
R35ESY4Y2AQ8GR	2	Cheap earbuds, don't last, skipping constantly This is an updated review of these earbuds.  After about a month of using them once a week for about 2 hours each use, they keep disconnecting/reconnecting to my iPhone while I'm listening to music.  It happens frequently enough that it may do it once, twice or even three times during a single song.  The earbuds are fully charged while this is happening and the iPhone is in my pocket.  It has gotten so bad that I'm going to request either a replacement or refund.
R30US996JWND7J	5	Quality product which makes the phone less apt to slip out of my hands. A durable case, screen protector and belt clip.  The belt clip is a bit large & clunkey but for my need of wireless charging it might be to cumberson to constantly install, remove the belt clip.
R3UWVKUCRZG88Q	4	Seems abit cheap, hard plastic, tight fit. ... Seems abit cheap, hard plastic, tight fit. But it does what it was made for, is handy and certainly protects your phone.
R1I3F80FSVAMVT	3	affordable its cheap....in price. and also kinda cheap in quality compared to other cases i have bought. but im still satisfied. I like the color. not much the style though, its a hard snap on with a silicone skin. the silicone kinda pops off the sides a little when I take it out of my pocket. minor issue but slightly irritating for me as a perfectionist.
R2VO0BW1OBZVV0	5	Five Stars Very satisfactory so far.
R2HU55P4P84Y62	5	Five Stars The absolute best in quality and customer service!
R28RQ6AUEN1MAH	3	I always used garmin nuvi and when it broke I ... I always used garmin nuvi and when it broke I bought this Tom tom. The maps appear really old style looking. Hard to terminate routes.
RKCND42E80754	1	Overheating item! 2nd charger I bought from this company and it continues to overheat. I have used it on 4 different products and it gets very hot. Samsung S4, IPhone 5, IPhone 4, and my Note 4 and hot to the touch. Always!
R3ST5F7QK5S98V	5	Kid Approved If you're buying character vitamins, the characters are important, so I asked my daughter to tell me which shapes are in the bottle.  There's Gary, Sandy, Patrick, Eugene, and Squidward.  They taste like candy, not medicine at all, so I don't need to remind my kids to take their vitamins.  They ask me if they can take them, which is one less thing for me to remember.  Each gummy has thirteen vitamins and minerals, but it takes two gummies to make a dose for children 4 and up, which means one bottle is a thirty day supply for each child.
RZ9HA4S6WRU6L	5	it has a nice and specific shape and holds perfectly any type of ... Product was received for free in exchange of honest opinion. this is one of the most fancy car mounts I have had. it has a nice and specific shape and holds perfectly any type of device, smartphones as well. It is heavy and the package was really good. This product offers a lot of stability and protection for your phone while used in the car. I really like it.
R3O4FKAG9VWG4N	4	Four Stars This cable worked well on our nook.
R2OOIOQIIDMTIJ	1	Do   not   waste  your  time Do  not  waste  your  time!!!!!!
RZVY39MMGJYZ5	4	Four Stars Battery is great. Still waiting for the charger.
R1F7SCCC3KHFF1	1	Dead iphone Took this with us on vacation to take pictures under water and didn't work.  Ended the life of my iPhone
R2J6N9ASUPVLZ	1	Does not work! Screen still cracks DO NOT BUY! Had the screen cover  for almost a year, and when I installed it, it went on great. But recently dropped in and it hit the floor and cracked. The screen cover did not crack at all although. Isn't this suppose to prevent your screen from cracking??
R3B8MPNSW25PN8	4	great phone. I bought it for easier messaging and ... great phone. I bought it for easier messaging and a phone.  It has features I'll never use, some I may use. The only thing that I'd like is a front facing camera so I can Skype!
R330JSH89VG9T4	5	Five Stars The case is very durable and the colors are beautiful.
R15LVOGA7ECHEF	5	Recommend this. I have this for some time now, i love it. it charges my galaxy s4 very fast .And i just love that it has a flashlight! It also seems very strong and durable. Definitely recommend this.
RT5AOTL0Q6VT	5	Five Stars I have had this case for a year and it's still kicking!
RWST4MSWRVH59	5	Pink! I love my new case! It's perfect! Love the Pink!!!
R3ELRLQ9PQOX7L	5	Couldn't be better Easy to put on, super clear. After 8 months, not a scratch on it. Works well with Mophie battery case -- fits right in the opening. I wouldn't know it was there except for the peace of mind. And I would never have a phone without one of these on it. A small price for excellent protection.
R3F1G7ZWKL0O2R	5	Must have Having owned the original gear this is a great upgrade. I find it to be extremely well made and for me it's a must in my daily life.
R1NQSLXD1OSLN4	2	I was disappointed to receive a blue cover when I asked for ... The highlight of this delivery was the fact that it arrived in one day.  I was disappointed to receive a blue cover when I asked for black and the back cover had the corner peeled back already.
R3Q4V2XCZD2ZAQ	5	Five Stars Very satisfied
R2CZKVTQRJHFTE	5	Five Stars ok
R1BLTCQUUEWBK2	4	GREAT CORD!  Plug end too fat for iPhone 6 in an Otter Bix! Love these cords!  But they need to make the plug in more narrow. Have to take phone out of its Otter Box to charge with this cord. That's why I only gave 4 stars. It is a very good, sturdy, and thick cord. That's what I love about this. I love the 10 ft length also.
R3I9AZV00TE7AJ	3	Good for the money. I like the case design, but it has a few flaws.  I guess for the money it is worth it.  But several of the plugs don't stay in so I ended up just cutting them off instead of sending it back for a replacement.
RSRHF2HQPJTXI	5	It really works! So cool!  This thing really works.  I was skeptical but thought I would give it a try.  It really works well and charges the phone really quickly.  I was given this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review.  I would definitely recommend this product.
RPH495KJMTO3K	2	Don't Bother Didn't like it.  Sleeve was slightly loose around my phone, and it was difficult to get in and out of the holster.  I got a different one after about a week.
R2COM6EWN8C9BU	5	Five Stars I loved it
R3TENU1WWNEOJF	5	Five Stars USE IT EVERYDAY
R3KP3PWZO9PQRD	5	Five Stars OK
R120GTX6X96ZH1	5	Great Charges 3 dead phones.  Stand by power seems to last at least a week.  Works with apple and android.  Can't say enough about this phone  power rescue.
R2ZH38ZMVF5I5H	4	Four Stars saves the kids phones
R1YF091XAUL0B1	1	One Star Didn't work. Even after getting a replacement.
R3KVTLK9YI49LJ	4	Four Stars Easy to install on phone, nice bright color, quick delivery
R3VPDGJBTUVIBR	1	A Big Disappointment Not impressed at all. The front of the case is too big, so it's hangs over the side of the phone when closed. It barely stays closed without a magnet, which is disappointing. The interior black fabric attracts any and all dust and debris, and the case constantly looks dirty. I had it on for less than a day and bought something different.
R23UEVIBP9K93X	5	works as advertised both vertically and horizontally. Does not ... works as advertised both vertically and horizontally.  Does not have the rotating plastic clip which I have &#34;snapped off&#34; of previous  several cases. holsters galaxy note 4 in otterbox  defender case.
R2FPSL1KA6IVAM	5	Five Stars Exactly what I needed. Works great
R1R2WX4IA2YQPR	5	It works great. Works perfectly with my iPhone 6 I bought this to use with my paddle board on the lakes and rivers.  It works great. Works perfectly with my iPhone 6. I use to take pictures which come out awesome and can still listen to my music.  (No headphones). Has a little leash which is nice so I don't drop my phone in the water.
R238H0YU5FUI43	5	Great I was very happy with my watch.
RT0HR4SERS87G	5	Cat uses as toys ! We use them as cat toys because they bounce around and the cat loves them.
R2OMTVCF2ANONB	5	Great product. No problems putting together Great product.  No problems putting together.  Soft rubber.  Works really well to protect device.
R15FUYLUFLX0GS	5	Great! Great!
R2KU36ALS4B1XT	5	Five Stars Does what it says it will.
R202H4JMS6KA0C	1	One Star This could never be found via Bluetooth
R25JKGYMR2QB6Y	4	but very good case overall A little slick on the hard plastic back, but very good case overall.
R3FTAZH3GNC2DB	5	Nearly identical to Apple's $50 sport bands! I've purchase 1 in every color since trying out my first one. The material feels the same & the bands act the same as my Apple sport bands. They are perfect!
R1IVMDAQELP8FC	5	I like this charger alot I like this charger alot! I have no problem charging my iphone or ipads, works great and fast. Love all the ports.
ROXGYE1ZR6ANX	5	Great product for android controls for the price. These are the best moderately priced headphones I could find that had android volume controls.
R3O1ED6NA18016	5	Five Stars Work great, price great
R369ZXDE8JIIZD	5	Five Stars Cheap price great quality!
R3CFQ2PIWF2TAA	1	The worst phone yet! The worst!  I did a good bit of research before buying but it did not help.  The phone froze, turn off, or turn into a black screen and locked. I finally returned it to factory condition and am trying to sell it.  I needed Motorola's help to return it to factory condition because it was locked. I did not lock it.  Motorola said it locked itself because it thought an unidentified user was trying to use it.  What a waste of time.  Stay away and save your money.
R2XLC8HUTG9RZ6	5	Love my new case Love my new case. Fits my phone perfectly, allowing me to charge w/o removal from case. Description was accurate & delivery was on time as expected.
R1WMMDY8B92B5Z	5	Works well The person who repaired my phone told me that if I drop it one more time it probably won't work. After hearing that I decided to buy this to be safe. It works really well, I have dropped my phone a couple times and no cracks. What I really like about this also is that it doesn't scratch so my phone looks like it's new.
R22ES958OS0HCF	1	Note 3 and Note 4 take different cases Fits the Note 3, not Note 4. Very dissatisfied. Forced it onto my phone and the pressure on the side buttons had the phone constantly restarting itself.
RVUO7THJWWSZW	5	Five Stars very good
R11MAPVEZE9907	5	Five Stars excellent! Thank you
R5RPSZ12GUMTU	5	Great case Great case. Extremely thin and my beautiful phone is still visible.
R1JNMUHNBJ7L4C	5	Five Stars Good
R9M9KD5DUBXTN	5	Five Stars This was a birthday gift for my teenage niece. She loves it!
R3NDPCTPY65JWC	5	Good Product. Works Good. As Advertised..  :-)
RB1M2R8KLZTZD	5	Works as it should There's not too much detail to go into here. This works exactly as it should, to recharge my Jawbone Up band.
R3DS9FTEHT2H25	5	Five Stars very pleased with my purchase .Was exactly what I was looking for.
R20AYVCLQUOEH3	1	One Star Broke after a week
R3LX5OW6RRMBD8	5	Love It! Great product. Exactly as described. It fits very snug to my phone. Shipping fast as well
R3M7KE550IJ4W3	5	Easy to Install Works Great Just what I wanted! I was able to follow easy instructions online in order to transfer parts from my old broken phone to this new part.
RT57B3P2BGONV	4	Four Stars Nice case. A little less metallic than I expected but sturdy material
R1VQSHZ5UC1ZO9	4	This little speaker is great, very load for a small speaker with decent ... This little speaker is great,very load for a small speaker with decent sound and charge lasts a long time,I'm very pleased with this speaker considering the price.
R385IHF8LENJ64	5	Five Stars Fits nicely came fast, hard to take off.
R10UEOK8Z7CNKZ	4	Four Stars Crispy sound but had to make new holes for it cause the already did not fit
R2MQ398146NUPX	5	Five Stars Awesome
RTSL91YBZPXQQ	5	Five Stars OK
R3LS430PULW9VX	5	Great case for the diehard Yankees fan This case is awesome. I love it. The quality is great and the look is very sleek. Definitely worth it!
R3SH9IHIY5L94D	3	Three Stars the accessory stylus broke
R3ABMVARIGYRUC	5	Five Stars Nice design and works really well.
R3P2063WB8VIX0	5	Five Stars Like this car mount a lot that I ordered a couple more for the family.
R5XQ4Y2AE1NAP	5	Wow!! Wow, you will not find better Bluetooth headphones for under $25. They sound great, come with all the accessories that allow you to customize them to fit your ears perfectly. I really like the voice prompts, you know for sure if they are turned off.
R3EX8I5GBYJEU1	1	Not reccomended Love the look of the case but it's way to big for my iphone 4! It looks like it should fit an iphone 6! Definitely returning! (I put my iphone 4 case beside the one I received definitely not the right case!)
R1ZD62D508Z01K	1	I would not recommend buying this product Product was not as described, further more the wrong one was sent, I would not recommend buying this product.
R3I6LEJXCOXG6X	5	Five Stars Very Nice
R1KXEEDU3V8EIP	5	Five Stars Love, as these are 10 ft long.
R2RKTBCWZJ7JJS	1	One Star Audio Quality is very bad, loud speakers not loud enough, low network issues
REDIFC99XVUTE	5	happy customer Easy to apply. Item as described
R4OZZW2BHSNOM	3	the clear film protectant wasn't that easy to put on Solid product, however, the clear film protectant wasn't that easy to put on. You cannot charge the device without taking off the Gray Case Holder so it is a little inconvenience. But the product functions well
R35RTX1BE3SATP	5	Works so good just ordered one for my desk Works so good just ordered one for my desk . One thing tho you do need a 2 amp charger. it comes with a usb wire but no charger.
R3MNPWYVBAOZXF	5	Fits well and looks like it will give good protection Fits well and looks like it will give good protection.  I like the feel in my hand - a problem with some cases.  It does add a little bulk, but that's to be expected for a case of this style.  The cut-outs are perfectly placed and it's easy to use the side buttons.
R2XZ5JKFNS3FX7	5	Five Stars PURCHASED AS A GIFT, SO THERE IS NO RATING FROM ME.
R2K4IJJP64LKIL	5	Five Stars Good.
R25IN68ICBKBGZ	3	Pretty good Pretty good. But the flower came off within 1-2 weeks. Otherwise, pretty good material and a thick texture outside the case.
R2QXZFBF425CA5	5	Five Stars GREAT SELLER PRODUCT WORKED GREAT
R3AYSY7GN94RW	5	Five Stars Looks fine and works well. Pretty sturdy, hope it hold up to work though
R3AIWU1FREQB6Y	1	poor Does not work, failed to connect to all devices tested.
R1QI960O4WQ3Q9	5	Great Product !!! Love it !!! Beautiful case super fast shipping faster than expected Thankyou for getting it to me love the case. iPhone 6  has fallen and it was protected got it for when my kids play games. Love it Thankyou!! A++++
R2MCGWO39TRLX4	5	Wicked Awesome Just received my first two, one is going as a gift. Pro's- 1. Charged 4 phone pretty fast & still had 72% battery charge left 2. Hast a great tight carry pouch for both battery & cables.  Semi Con- 1. Huge almost like an iPad mini.  But for travel and day to day use so far seems awesome, will update review in a few weeks again.
R26RKR06K4GHM0	5	iPhone 6 Plus and Otterbox Commuter Case Mounted it to my CD slot in my '98 Buick Regal in a few seconds, and it covers my clock display only a little.  I put both magnets in between my Otterbox Commuter case and my iPhone 6 Plus (fits perfectly, can't even tell the magnets are there) and my phone is very secure on the mount.  Only time it fell was because I had not matched up the mount magnet well at all with the phone magnets when I set the phone on the mount, and even then it still held my phone well until I hit a severe bump.  This mount in combination with the JETech FM transmitter is a godsend, the latter especially for older cars.  Pros:  *Ridiculously fast and easy installation *Can rotate the phone to landscape without taking the phone off the mount. *Holds my honking big iPhone 6 Plus with Otterbox Commuter case VERY securely (most important factor for me). *SAFETY = improves attention to road (Don't have to fumble for phone, have it sliding around loose, falling, or sitting in your lap). *Can see GPS navigation on the phone, switch songs, watch videos/movies, control phone calls, use earbuds with built-in mic. *Can more easily hear if you get a call, txt, email, etc. especially when listening to music.  Cons: *Blocks my clock display a little  **TLDR: Works PERFECTLY with an iPhone 6 Plus and an Otterbox Commuter case using both included magnets. Fantastic for controlling music, calls, videos and GPS from your phone while enhancing safety.
RJAZ6VZRYFX88	5	Five Stars Like this so much I got one for my wife and brother too!
RZKRN1UOT57QH	5	Fast shipping & great price It's doing a great job protecting my iPod ... Fast shipping & great price It's doing a great job protecting my iPod & my brother and sister haven't complain about it either :)
RXRAJ2BK4OCTG	2	Two Stars Color, and the phone does not match.
R3JH8NH12645TP	5	Compact, simple and effective. Compact, simple and effective. Rarely did I have trouble with people understanding me.
R3CJK83ADAJVDG	5	Excellent seller, item meets the specifications Excellent seller,  item meets the specifications
R3BEJOFED3RTGT	5	Five Stars perfect
R2NDOJ1HTWT9GV	5	Good for the asking price on the note 5 The screen protector was pretty good on my note 5. I wish it covered a little more on the width but with a case the fitting was perfect. However my first shipment of this product came with a slight blemish but amazon sent me a replacement right away. Overall a good product for the price.
RJ1GTEB5THKUN	2	ok case The card slots are not durable. The seams keeping the cards in are already coming apart. Casing broke in 3 locations - bottom by the speaker, volume and lock button. Great price point, you get what you pay for.
R8I5ZOGMWGVEP	1	It was not what I expected and I would love my money back if i could get it It was not what I expected and I would love my money back if i could get it. It did not come with the materials I thought it would.
R3UEEZ1L64V5L4	4	Great case! Great case
R3AZUULXYGW32C	3	The only issue I had was it seemed like the magnet for the closure was wearing out The only issue I had was it seemed like the magnet for the closure was wearing out.  Maybe I just use my phone too much. :)
RHWH6A5A0E80T	5	Great case, except I made the mistake of ordering ... Great case, except I made the mistake of ordering one for an iPhone 6 instead of an iPhone 6 plus. All around a great case. Replaced my order for the correct case just now :)
R1T9VZGUS4XPA1	5	Very happy with order Very happy with order. Came a few days earlier than when Amazon told me it will be deliver. Very happy customer.
R3JOICW92YRXFR	2	Fragile but stylish This is the second one of these that I have purchased; the first one lasted for nearly 8 months before the corners started to crack and fall off, but this second one lasted less than 10 days. The plastic near the volume and power buttons is very fragile and will break apart if you're not careful. It's a shame because these are really good looking cases.
RM1HLKAEQBH8R	5	Five Stars EXCELENTE
R3C2PVZIKP8TU5	5	This is a great product and I highly recommend this product to others Very satisfed with the sound quality, and the pairing was totally painless.  This is a great product and I highly recommend this product to others.
R33UR0GUZ03VMO	5	... you sent with that is probably one of the best ones that I have had for not leaving fingerprints ... [[ASIN:B00U0JVW7G SaharaCase iPhone 6 Case - Rugged Protection, Thin and Lightweight, Includes Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Professional Camera Hood, Stunning Colors Including Black and Gray Sahara Case]]I  the case is one that wont slip out of your hand and it protect good too.also have to say that the temper glass that you sent with that is probably one of the best ones that I have had for not leaving fingerprints very bad and it wipes off very easy
RCNP83UNPIBMR	2	Cute case, however it did not fit my phone ... Cute case, however it did not fit my phone properly. Material was also a little on the thin side.
R2VV0I7OG87CIN	5	Five Stars Great customer service, great watch :)
R3D83ZUS03MPWJ	5	Good price, good quality Works well.very satisfied
R2NC8GNDKUJ9Q8	3	Its a good workout bra Its a good workout bra. It says that it doesnt dig into your skin but worn underneath a kevlar vest, it does. Definitely not one to wear for a 13 hr shift.
R3EWTU6RR705NC	5	Yes I like this. Works on surfaces and case type material ... Yes I like this.  Works on surfaces and case type material you wouldn't expect.
R19Z4NZWKFA0MN	4	Four Stars I was a great case.
R2FL7TSSFCNHUZ	5	Worth it! Just as described- great tools for the job! Everything worked well. Very happy with my purchase. I would completely recommend!
R3ODJDM6AU065G	5	Five Stars Does exactly what i need it to do and that is charge my phone.
R3NDOQGXS12ZD7	4	Four Stars Works well, but sometimes you have to talk loudly.
R2Q0EB1ZVXFFH7	5	10 stylus pack!!# These are soo cute and easy to use got here fast
RI5HCIYPL0UAU	1	Price Price is way to high
RQ9JJTCNLMV61	5	Works great and really comfortable I do love working out and music is absolutely necessary for me to do so. I did order this sport armband to carry my iPhone 6  through a special promotion to try it and share my honest opinion. I will start by saying I got the pink one and it is a very nice bright pink so I can always find in my purse or gym bag. It is made of sturdy materials and neoprene which makes it very comfortable to wear, I have mine for hours in a day without being bothersome at all!  Super well stitched so it won't rip apart with time . has two holes to strap it so it will fit small and larger biceps. The controls on screen do work from the clear plastic, you do not have to remove it to slide it or access the apps.Great quality and I do recommend it.
R3FPZ2P564BU9F	5	The Shorter the line the Faster The Charge. It is Short! But very effective and after a month in the amazon through humidity, sun, and even a little rain, it managed to survive unharmed and still works great.
R2NWM09JRJIPR2	5	Five Stars EXCELENTE
R11C9APVUT90HB	5	happy kids These work.  Fit is fine.  My three kids used one to plug three headphones into one iPod shuffle on a recent car trip.    update: July 2016 they still work fine.  No change.
RODOGZ28ORDG	5	Five Stars Works great for my car!
R3L9PKFUQGN847	1	quite disappointing... I was a little skeptical about purchasing a solar charger since I have never used one before...I am usually a positive person and try to make the best out of all the things I purchase on Amazon even if it turns out not how I wanted. But this product, solar charger in general has got to be the most ridiculous thing I have ever come by.  It does not charge at all! I was really disappointed and is in the process of returning it now.  Left it in the sun all day and not a single charge!?  It barely charged using the USB/wall charger(very slowly), but my purpose of getting it was to be able to use the solar.  I am taking a vacation trip to the villages of Laos/Thailand and I know most of the villages don't have wall chargers and so I was looking forward to using this to help charge my batteries for my go pro. But too bad it does not work and I don't think I'll be investing in any solar chargers for now on. Save your money and invest in a external battery power banks instead...
R2ILBHGQ2WX2NP	5	So helpfull It work well , have no issues
R2EHHFHH19DW12	5	Five Stars No it didn't last at all
R1J0UW25P64C00	2	Two Stars Did not line up perfectly on my Samsung Avant, and it did not install bubble free.
R39D7DGFEYSQ9A	5	Prefect Really love work perfect for my i phone and Lg G3 will order again
R1EMWB4SQW2QKB	4	The PREFECT replacement to the Lifeproof NUUD!!!!! I recently bought a new iPhone 6Plus with a Lifeproof Nuud case, based on the recommendation of the Verizon Saleswoman. The LIFEPROOF was a complete & expensive waste of $$MONEY$$. No one could understand what I was saying - they said I sounded like I was underwater.  THEN I ordered WILDTEC as a replacement. WOW, compared to the $110 Nuud, WILDTECK was a steal! Easy to install AND more importantly everyone can understand what I'm saying now! ONLY one small concern, the APPLE Lightning charging cable, is a very, very tight fit thru the case port. IF you don't mind trimming or shaving aftermarket cable connectors in order to fit, this IS the case for you! I am a happy customer!!!!! Thanks Wildtek....
R1OANXKZJIKM1T	2	Great product, out of the box. Seeing how there aren't very many waterproof cases out for the note 4, I decided to give this one a shot. First off, I chose this product cause it looked better than the other options available on the market.  Out of the box: it's a nice looking case with decent cut outs (could've made the boarders less thick to allow edge-to-edge accessibility, but there's another draw back to this that's pointed out later on), foam and rubber parts were nice, back kick  stand is a little tough to get out but is a very nice addition, the rubber notification cut out was a definite plus for me.  Testing: alright, so taking apart the case is slightly rough but the snapping when you close it is oh so satisfying. The water test went fine; put a piece of paper in the case, sealed it off, submerged it under water for an hour, shook off the water, opened it up and the paper was still dry. The bubbles that come out of the bottom speaker vent is normal. Had no issues with watching videos and audio being muzzled. Only my OEM charger would fit, which they state somewhere in the papers along with screen protector usage being ill advised when paired with this case (found this to be true).  Conclusion and why I'm giving it a two star rating: it was a great product when I used it for all of a week but decided to take it off and the corner of the front panel, above the s pen door, broke. On that note, the mechanism that opens for the s pen access is EXTREMELY weak and a little pressure on it will open it. As I need to constantly open the case to swap out the battery for a fresh one, this may have considerably weakened the case, but this shouldn't be to the point where a corner cracks open due to it. I wanted to like the case, but you really get what you pay for and it's not the best long term product to go with.
R2O4YQPQWK27XW	5	Five Stars One of my favorite cases I've ever owned!
R2XM1VX6LO0R0P	5	Five Stars It was a gift for my daughter and she likes it
RPX5BC94EMIPA	1	One Star It was a bad experience , the videos do not work.
R9AG00DUO3P5C	5	Five Stars excellent product!
R2HT6ZCUFO856R	5	Great case! I have to say I'm very impressed with this case.  It's definitely on the thin side (but not the thinnest), yet I think provides sufficient protection.  I ordered 3 different cases based on reviews (all very good) and this one is one of the top two.  Probably the top if you want to combine protection, yet being thin.  When I received it, I actually though they sent the wrong one.  (It looked like one piece).  It was just slightly challenging to get on, but as one reviewer stated, I started at the top and worked my way down.  I can't decide if the little cover on the power slot will be annoying or if it's a great idea to keep out pocket lint.  At least you have the option of cutting it off.  For the price, the protection and reasonable thin-ness of this case, I would definitely recommend.
R25CCW4GW1752T	5	Five Stars Good product
R17AET7M8RCUAE	5	Worked perfectly for our backpacking trip. I live in ... Worked perfectly for our backpacking trip. I live in southern AZ so I have not tried it in part sun.
RP74QQ7UK1ZYN	4	Four Stars Does the job.
R3SMP4NWELPDY4	5	Five Stars Decent headset for the price
R1L3JXL9MZ1JUU	4	The Docking Cradle works fine. But this was not my problem The Docking Cradle works fine. But this was not my problem. I have to replace the antenna, the cable connection is bad. I keep loosen the signal.
R2ZCYI3NXD23DL	5	Perfect fit. Took me all of about 5 minutes Perfect fit.  Took me all of about 5 minutes, maybe even less, to install.  I have no idea how my son managed to break the original.
R1SC8Y7BA5ETS3	5	Five Stars Great product liked it very much.  Would order again.
R10UG899MSD4CJ	1	... the wallet I was expecting it to say crown like it shows in the picture On the outside of the wallet I was expecting it to say crown like it shows in the picture. Crown was misspelled to cronw so I did not enjoy this product at all.
R2GUCK6RXT8U48	4	satisfied customer Wish the magnetic clousure was more secure. Overall i enjoy the case. The credit card slot is perfect but of you put too much it won't close. The most I put is my id and 2 cards.
R20O02TOWPSS9P	1	One Star Horrible! didn't last 3 days of use.
R3ESHYM88FICGK	2	Nice looking case however like several other reviews mentioned Product shipped quickly. Nice looking case however like several other reviews mentioned, it does not fit snugly on the sides. Not sure if some fit and some don't but it was really annoying to have it fit so loosely.
R5UYBBOHNBLLC	2	Good if you stay really still. This is a case of you get what you pay for.  The head phones worked when I was sitting still.  The sound quality was good and the BT connection was easy to establish. The problem came up when I took them on a run.  They started to cut out often and more so the faster I ran.  I reduced the issue by putting the phone on my right arm.  It will still cut out if I turn my head.
R1VMWU85DUI0T7	5	Great, Durable Product! Great, durable product. Fast delivery.
R1BN9AA8RARJVQ	1	NICE IDEA BUT NOT GOOD I bought three of these and they blow out the fuses in all three cars I own.  Stay away from them!
R2WPIILOJM1YYM	3	Pretty case. But the inner piece that actually holds ... Pretty case. But the inner piece that actually holds the phone starting breaking apart piece by piece after a couple of months.
RF798THE7DVMR	4	Smidge of blue color on the green flap (see pic) Other than that I'm happy! Pros: Received item quickly Colors match pictures Magnet seems strong Phone fits perfectly  Cons: Smidge of blue color on the green flap (see pic)  Other than that I'm happy!
R1EU31M5WUUETH	4	Great product and fairly simple to put together Great product and fairly simple to put together. Looks good but be ready to purchase another cable since its pretty much there once you set it up! Highly recommended if ill end up being a charging station in your desk or something!
R2MHY3CJMF0FDA	1	One Star It keep sticking
R2EHFUY6HB97QP	4	trunk button may not work all on all models The remote works fine but the trunk opening button doesn't work on my model car. Oh well
RDLFH1LFG1MWL	5	Five Stars simple and effective.  magnet strong enough to hold through a spigen case on iphone 5s
RM4TRYUFXUTK1	5	Anker makes GREAT stuff !! Great USB hub.  Charges all of my tablets at once....and quickly!
R34FC4M4TVIL07	5	Five Stars perfectly fits my iphone 6 with otterbox
R2VHG4Y70R9CG4	5	Cute Cute & fun, easy to match with
R27KU6M3CRNYAN	1	The warrranty that really isn't... Update:  Yea, they'll replace the broken screen protector, but they charge you $5.99 for shipping (which actually cost them like $2.00 by first class mail) so now they have your credit card number.  Better off just throwing it away.  Really getting tired of getting used products from Amazon.  Had dirt in the adhesive, no microfiber cleaning cloth.  Can't get it to stick down to the screen at the bottom around the home button.  Really hard to hang on to this thing to get it positioned accurately on the phone.  Probably would help to put a piece of masking tape across the front to hold on to, and also take the phone out of any case you have it in.
R1OFHBN1S7CFKR	5	Five Stars LOVE IT, VERY BRITE PURPLE COLOR. FITS GREAT AND MAKES IT EASY TO HOLD ON TO YOUR PHONE.
R1I0JFLG3EJPZC	4	Four Stars Very nice product.  I highly recommend.
R1M3AVMB8Y3P8U	5	Five Stars It's great
R2RAF8CRG2USCO	3	Three Stars Was cute, jewels fell off very quickly
R39WAX2SA2IFHD	5	My only gripe- Wish the case was really bright yellow! The red case is outstanding! 5 stars!!! This case is pretty good and does its job well. The only problem I have with it is that it is a gold color, and not the bright yellow that it is pictured to be on Amazon. I wish that the correct color could have been shown in Amazon when I was looking to purchase it. Update on October 20, 2015- I wanted a red case for my Galaxy J1, to keep in mind God's wonderful gift of salvation to us, through &#34;the blood of Jesus Christ his Son (that) cleanseth us from all sin.&#34; 1 John 1:7, KJV. I checked out several red cases for the Samsung Galaxy J1, but this was the one I could afford. I went with what I knew, even though the gold one I had at first ordered from Bemz was not as bright yellow as I would have liked, as previously mentioned. But on this case, Bemz came through with FLYING COLORS! This case matches the bright color shown on Amazon, and is not a darker red, as I feared it would be! Good job, Bemz!!!  So now I give Bemz a five-star review!!
R2U42E7MM3M5FS	5	It does the what i need it to I had a garmin 305 and liked  that until i took it swimming. I ordered the 310xt and had to send the first one back as there was a problem with the battery. This one seems to work fine, I think Garmin products are the only way to go, I have a garmin nuvi for my car and a rhino 530 for the woods
R1EJPTKJ0YXDAI	3	Three Stars seems like the pills strength differs from one pill to the next and is never consistant.
R31SEJT1X3XZ01	5	Excellent product! Excellent product. As advertised. Patience is key however. Especially when removing the old cracked screen. I practiced on my old broken S3, so I could understand process better. Luckily I did since I overheated old phone LCD with heat gun. Using tape on cracked screen face was a HUGE help to prevent wire from getting hung up on broken glass pieces. Be sure to watch the youtube video before or during replacement.
RRD7UD31JFIUE	4	Four Stars works as it is supposed to
RN37U0KFIJM3D	5	Five Stars Beautiful and functional design. Simple, sophisticated and elegant
R4DC76D7QYWRY	2	Two Stars I have purchased 2 of them already and the clip keeps breaking after a couple of weeks.
RUICMSNWEN3PO	5	you won't be dissolved I get a ton of comments on this case. It is super relaxing to watch at work when not smart people get me angry. Totally worth buying!
R1111U77JZYV6H	5	Works great because I have the phone e in a case Works great because I have the phone e in a case.  A magnate system wouldn't work  Very easy to use. .
R3YI1YSCNEYE7	5	Slim protection from drops bumps and bang ups! I highly recommend these cases to protect your phone. This case fits my sons moto G perfectly. The cutouts are lined up exactly with all of the ports unbutton and the raised edges around the screen help to protect that from getting scratched or cracked. Kids are so hard on their phones and it's nice to know so with this case I'm getting enough protection that I won't have to be buying a brand new phone here in just a few more months. It's inevitable that it's going to be dropped and that's why I knew I had to get a case with good protection. I have another case by this brand that I personally use on my LG g4 and it's fantastic.  I love their prices and the peace of mind I get knowing my phone id's safe. The cases are lightweight and do not add all kinds of crazy bulk to the designs of our phones yet still manage to offer great protection from accidental drops and bang ups. I am extremely impressed and pleased with the performance of these phone cases and would not hesitate to buy other cases from them. I did receive this case free or at a promotional price for testing and evaluation purposes however my review is solely based on my personal experience and honest opinion of this brand and their case.
R2DCEG3JKLOOS6	5	Perfect gift. These are so convenient. I bought several and gave as gifts. They were so well received. Great value and quality too.
R155DB6WO0VBXV	3	Shipment did not have ansy initial instructions with it. ... Shipment did not have  ansy initial instructions with it..
RK7EHU5X9X9TD	3	Three Stars i got this price discounted , i tried to my cellphone and its cannot hold properly
R2LDGNSEQ2G2SW	2	Two Stars bad product without completely disposable manufacturers warranty and never respond, I do not recommend this brand much less sellers.
R2CAGF2VKPE64G	5	Great product & Great price! Works great, feels exactly like the naked the iPhone screen; super smooth and responsive!
R1UT1MHIRXJW8X	4	This selfie stick is relatively easy to use This selfie stick is relatively easy to use. It's adjustable, so that's an added bonus and I like the box it came in. The packaging is gifty which is a huge plus for me.
ROYWMGBB95PFP	5	Great case. Durable Great.
R20IITR7C6B4WZ	4	Great for the price. No complaints. Seems pretty good so far. Basically getting 2 for less than the price of one from apple.
R60OTJS1YCNPB	4	Four Stars Great product, looks great & holds up very well
RGM08Z7MO5DMF	4	Four Stars A little tight but I fixed that!
R56HD8PF31H8Z	5	Great product good price It was easy to place and looks great. The touchscreen seems to more response with glass.  The company gives great support, if needed.
R3AUP2AP8L0YG8	5	Five Stars Great charger for my iphone 6.  It provides a speedy charge.
RLK7SPTX04XJ	5	I bought this unit and it looks great for my 2008 Honda Accord I bought this unit and it looks great for my 2008 Honda Accord.  I installed it myself, also install a back up camera. The compliments I get on the new unit is great. I would really recommend this to anybody that's looking to upgrade.  Bluetooth for the phone  another great feature. All my steering wheel controls still work.
RZF5S4UWIKC9R	5	Great for the iPhone 6 This is a fabulous thing to have. I have a screen protector on my phone already, and even when I put it in the waterproof case I have NO trouble using the touch screen. It is simple to use, and thus far I have had no issues. I can even take great photos with the waterproof case on. Also, the neck strap is great because I can use it too attach the whole set up to my kayak and not have to worry about it falling overboard. Great deal!
R3B191L9MZ9R7G	5	Five Stars muy buen producto
RM5N2KXL3U0X6	5	Nice mount, works as advertised. This is the 2nd of this style dash mount. Works best for us and our vehicles. Minnesota State law does not allow us to attach items such as gps or radar detectors to the windshield directly (VERY STUPID LAW). This makes the unit secure and we are able to lower it to the floor to help hide it so our car is less likely to be broken into.
R3RFBP50D278V1	4	If you are accustomed to an Otter Box like enclosure, this case is very similar in feel ... If you are accustomed to an Otter Box like enclosure, this case is very similar in feel / style. Thee 8500mAH battery cannot be beat! If you need the longest lasting battery and don't mind the admittedly larger case, this product is for you.  My only dislike is the implementation of the belt clip. The case is excellent, feels good in your hand. I think the phone is easier to hold and use the virtual keyboard. I wish the belt clip was a little better. It's secure, but nearly impossible to insert/remove with one hand. Perhaps it will loosen up with time. That's a small complaint for a case/battery combination that will give you unmatched runtime between charges and excellent protection of the phone.
R2XP9XN3XXGAEM	5	Working good Good battery
R3HJDBREIV3T59	1	not the best It crack less than two days, it fit so tight it was very hard to take off.
R2GBA0WKZABUQ4	3	The item arrived sooner than I expected. The only ... The item arrived sooner than I expected. The only issue is the mic pickup is seemingly weak as people have reported they have difficulty hearing me during conversations. 1/3 the price of the LG model.
R1L5FVWYFKRROO	5	Beautiful case that showcases my iPhone 6 very well Beautiful case that showcases my iPhone 6 very well. I thought it would be harder to get it on because of previous reviews but it really wasn't that bad. The video attached to the case wasn't very helpful though. It was for a different supcase. Great product!
R32MKV00KWXRAY	5	Five Stars a great investment to protect a $300 Cell Phone
RFFVUL3ZZ59RU	4	Sahara Case A Must Have Awsome case!! Fits well. Looks great. Durable and appealing.
R1FCHHH79N1LOC	5	Five Stars Still work after accidentally being washed!
R4HZE3NLE5A03	5	Five Stars Perfect Bluetooth
R3BXBO0JAF9QTL	4	Long lasting! Has lasted me a long time, a must have if you have a cell phone! I would've rated it 5 stars but since the button sometimes turns on or off in my bag I took the star off. The button is too easily pressed.
R27KOI0H20ISEE	4	Perfect for travel and handbags One of the four does not like to stay connected to devices so minus one star. The cables are the perfect size to accompany my battery packs for recharging on the go. And, the fun colors made giving my extras as gifts a great experience.
R3A8AYG571865Y	1	Not supported by iPhone Does not work with the iPhone 6. It says the accessory is not supported. Useless
R3G06OGPQ4IP5D	5	Five Stars Item as described!
R151URDU74KHWN	1	One Star I am not pleased with the s5 galaxy case!
R31Z381QQ6SB8A	5	Great product Looks great and works perfectly
RU03LDEWYTVV7	5	Great Charger I love this phone charger. It works beautifully.  You can attach phone in your bag and in a matter of time your phone is charged.. it was worth the money spent.
R20O7XESE8SSUH	5	Great case, would highly recommend if you want to ... Great case, would highly recommend if you want to streamline and not take away from your already well designed iPhone
R1S40X9G2OED7B	5	easy to grip and buttons are accessible Protective and slim case, easy to grip and buttons are accessible.
R18UVN90RBIVV7	3	It's okay. Definitely on the cheap side. But ... It's okay.  Definitely on the cheap side.  But you get what you pay for.
RO4AEG639GKSA	3	Three Stars didn't use product. went with the s6 edge instead
R1A5K0VC3960IT	1	One Star Didn't work
RBJQBFLRD9H73	5	Five Stars Great product. Fast shipping too.
R1EGXJ4LRIMD9S	5	love it! the best thing ever!
R3QDPZ159XNKXU	1	Buyer Beware~ This battery was worse than the one I had in it to begin with. Only reason that I couldn't rate it lower is because there isn't any option for fractional stars. The battery is junk, was worse than the last junk batter that I got sold. It is from 2013, so I presume its repackaged junk?  It also had identifying information &#34;redacted&#34; with a metallic paint pen.
R1BW749MJBM7E1	5	Great sound and user friendly Nice speaker crisp sound with no distortion. Bought for kayak trips since its water proof but have not been due to inclement weather but I'm sure it will be awesome once out there
R2Y1U6RBJ0WSL6	5	Great! Now I don't need to switch out different ... Great!  Now I don't need to switch out different charging cords in the car.
R1ZKOCJ0H9K37G	5	Five Stars Holds the phone fine evan with an Otter Box.  Secure, the phone never falls out
R1I0102VCUNYM9	4	Useful and economical Very useful and economical way to convert the existing micro USB connectors to lightning connectors. Working flawlessly so far.
R3KRKUZDU4K8BY	5	Five Stars Love it!!
R3PBM7WZAWOEHT	5	Great bargain for the price!! Go-to, inexpensive mp3 player for my workouts. I'm on my 3rd one (have been wearing them out for about 8 years). The clips eventually break or the headphone jack gets messed up (causing the sound goes out in one ear), but I'm talking after a couple of years of very heavy use/abuse. ---PROS: -Inexpensive -Clips onto clothes for hands-free use -Comes with COBY earbuds (I have trouble using any other kind due to an inner ear piercing) -Comes with USB converter that you use to charge the battery and upload music from your computer (I charge it using my computer) -Battery life is at least a few hours/several days of working out -Has a shuffle/random setting, hold button, pause button, fast forward skip, and rewind/backwards skip buttons as well as volume adjustment  ---CONS -No screen -No folder/playlist options (unless you have shuffle on, songs will play in the order you uploaded them) -The last one I purchased didn't have as strong a clip as previous ones (slides off my shirt if I'm running strenuously). This could just be a fluke, since I've never had this problem before with previous ones. -Sometimes I wish it would turn up louder. Some of my music files are on the quiet side so if I'm near traffic I can't hear them as well as I'd like to- however, this could be a headphone problem. Most of the time, it is plenty loud.  Love this product because I can listen to music while working out and not have to carry it. I don't have to worry about it breaking or falling, because it is so inexpensive to replace. It's very small and practically weightless. Uploading music is simple- think dragging mp3 files onto a thumb F: drive. Charges quickly and holds battery life long enough. I also purchased a USB wall outlet for super cheap so I can charge it when I'm not around my computer. Overall, a great bargain for the price if you're looking for a lightweight, no-frills shuffle mp3 player!
RBRMJW64R13P7	3	Good case for $8. An Otterbox Defender series was not available when I ordered the Moto G (3rd gen.) so I chose the his case because it had a belt clip holster & kickstand. I like how easily it fits though it could use an integrated plastic screen protector. It also shipped sooner than expected which is always a plus. Quite pleased with this purchase & saved about $43 (as compared to Otterbox pricing). Thanks.
R14YT49HKP9HXO	4	So far, so good.... My first Tile died. This was a replacement. It could have a louder sound, but at least the GPS was very accurate.
R1SJZIKGSZ5GNL	5	Five Stars Worked great. Excellent replacement part.
R3J5S30WFQHBDA	2	Two Stars Very difficult to get on the phone.  The volume turn on/off did not work.
R18RUH7FQENUPK	3	Three Stars I like it but the green camo is staring to come off
R1GXF9Q2WC9X7T	5	Nice and convenient when multiple people in the car need ... Nice and convenient when multiple people in the car need to charge and they're all different types of devices. (i-phone, droid, tablet, etc)
R3NK294H3QI36V	1	Battery is depleting rapidly while gaming like 20% in 15 minutes Phone is extremely heating on the back side while playing candy crush it seems unusual, lags are also there on the lock screen. Screen is heating while voice call. Battery is depleting rapidly while gaming like 20% in 15 minutes. My experience with yureka plus is going well.
RZCI81MVV3CUC	1	One Star It does not stick to your car.
RP1SAQRS5ZLCX	5	works great, highly recommended if you're using a bumper case ... works great, highly recommended if you're using a bumper case with this phone. item arrived quickly and in good shape as well.
RMATZV4CQY3U9	5	I'm not sure how well it would protect the phone if I dropped it but so far so good. Exactly what I wanted. It's very thin and smooth, doesn't look bulky. I'm not sure how well it would protect the phone if I dropped it but so far so good.
R2E4PO2MUT46WH	4	Four Stars very good
R1QVDNARRRSYPM	1	One Star Battery is shot less than a week after buying it. It dies starting at 15%
ROFAIH1PBL5EW	5	works perfect works perfect
R3PJTPM54G732K	1	One Star Broke in 4 hours
R14XETYAYQI2NG	2	It broke. I bought this and it didn't even last 2 weeks. The plastic covering on the cord pulled off exposing the inner wire. The inner wires then began to fray and I had to move the wire a certain way to get it to charge.
R3QZ79IV7I1RE8	5	Five Stars good product original
R1RNDIN8PGCE7K	5	Five Stars Works Great!
R24FPNZNWUUVMB	5	Five Stars Good
R1FR218TKQ31FY	5	Five Stars It is just what I wanted.
RSVULX0GDZ3UD	5	Five Stars Easy to use and a firm grip on your phone
R1KSQF2PF0SI4G	5	works perfect works perfect
R3B150M2UFAJ1X	5	Perfect functionality and useful tool kit! This digitizer worked perfectly. After trying two others from local online suppliers whom I suspect were recycling parts without testing this one worked and is still working flawlessly. The tool kit and screen cleaning cloth were very helpful.
RDO6I6EG4K7L6	5	Nice Radio Love this little radio for the porch and camping. Small size and good sound. Seems to get great reception, too. Very pleased with this product for the price.
R2BX56TAI5ZXOU	5	Five Stars Very handy good to have when traveling
R6DKJ63BCCP82	3	... to get the Rugby 4 because the reviews were pretty mixed, but there aren't many flip phones around I was hesitant to get the Rugby 4 because the reviews were pretty mixed, but there aren't many flip phones around, my sturdy but ancient Nokia was dying, and the Rugby was the only one with the features I wanted.  All told I'm pretty satisfied with it, but it definitely has its problems.  The phone feels solid and the hinge feels like it'll endure.  Voice quality is good.  It weighs a bit more than I expected, but that's a minor matter.  Although I didn't specifically want a ruggedized phone, which probably contributes a bit to the weight, I managed to drop it three times on the first day so I'm glad about that anyway.  The navigation keys are a little too small, so I often press something I don't want.  As has happened to others, the phone randomly turned itself off -- twice on the third or fourth day I owned it, and once more a few days later -- but it hasn't done it since then (a couple weeks?)  so maybe it was just the battery breaking in or something.  ** Later edit: apparently I had the phone open when I found that the volume controls turned off silent mode; when phone is closed, the volume controls have no effect.  On the other hand, the phone's turned itself off a couple more times.  The operating system, unfortunately, is very poorly thought out.  The address book is bizarre: you can assign a person four different types of mobile phone number, but not a single landline number.  I have yet to encounter a business that only works with mobile phones, except for construction contractors, and many of them also keep a landline.  Many individuals maintain a landline too (like me).  On the other had there's a field for a fax number.  Now, even if many places still had faxes, how would a mobile phone use one?  There's a field for home address but not business address.  Etc.  Unlike my previous phone, you can only have one note per address book entry.  Also, you can only put a few, mostly pre-selected items in the shortcut list.  So, for example, you have to dig through a few menus to put the phone into silent mode; it would be better to be able to put that on your shortcut list, but that's not possible.  Speaking of silent mode, for some reason Samsung stupidly lets the volume controls turn it off.  So if you have the phone on silent, put it in your pocket, and a volume button somehow gets pressed, guess what, your phone will go off while you're in a meeting or at a movie.  So the safest bet is to turn the phone off completely.  The GPS only gives directions if you have a subscription for it with AT&T.  (Unfortunately I didn't know that when getting the phone, because GPS was on my &#34;want&#34; list.)  Also it seems that if you don't make AT&T the home page on the browser, your browsing will often get DNS errors, so don't bother trying to put a particular web page among your shortcuts, and accept that you'll get dinged for data usage to view a web page you don't want.  (Hopefully that will stop when I get around to unlocking the phone.)  There's a manual on the Samsung website, but it leaves some things to be desired.  For example, if you connect the phone to your computer, it will ask if you want mass storage or Samsung Kies -- with no explanation in the manual of what Samsung Kies is.  You have to dig around the Samsung website to discover that Kies is a progam that lets you transfer files and backup and edit the address book.  Incidentally Kies includes the fields one would think an address book entry should have (e.g., landline numbers), but they won't transfer to the phone that way.  Still, once I got the phone set up and accepted the fact that the OS was developed by dolts, it did what I wanted it to do, and I appreciate the ruggedization now.
RHC52YTOYZF0M	5	Better sound and fit for EarPods I added these to my iPhone EarPods for running and they work great!  Sound quality is better and EarPods have a better fit. Before you spend a bunch of money on another set water resistant headphones give these a try.
R1MLQKUXAQ2EK0	4	Satisfied customer! Works great!
R2ADLKV04D6WB3	5	great It's GREAT.
R2NCT159K6BLS5	2	to weak Is pretty, but it open real easy,I recommended to use a wallet and not to hang it over the shoulder has a purse.I hardly use it. not worth the money.
R13H1YMRD6RCJL	5	Excellent Great for the old phones.
RKKP4U4G2RWMO	5	Five Stars All Great
R2QUV3QSYAZ9D8	5	I'm pretty happy. I was surprised to see a charger included with the order. I thought it was just a coupla' batteries and ordered a charger to go with it....oh well. Anyway, I'm pretty happy.
R2SAV0BKKVMZ69	5	Five Stars Works perfect!
R1FC5TR4H43O9O	1	Do not buy! Terrible. Won't pertact your phone at all. Waste of money.
R5RSVT3H2QAK4	5	Five Stars Finally one i like the quality enough to keep!
R3DVNQD6R6NMLJ	2	Two Stars OK but can walk away from the phone that far loose single
REH2AYM0QQU3O	5	Five Stars All Great
RPYAUFCIEKEOE	3	Three Stars Fast but the flower fell off
R1IC49IESLPS72	5	Five Stars Easy to apply and practically invisible.
R6IEQ9100RX0O	5	This is a pretty awesome case This is a pretty awesome case.  Wasn't expecting much, but can find anything bad to say about it.  Not only is it a solid case, it's screen protectors aren't bad at all.  The Note 5 is pretty light and feels pretty fragile, but this adds just the right amount of weight to make it feel solid.  Comes with nice little extras.  Two protectors, one for front and one for back.  The one for the back is to stop the rainbow effect because the back is glass.  I also think it would help if any dirt or grit gets behind the case. The case also comes with a little film on the front and back of the case to protect it during shipping.  Again just a little thing to is nice.  Also the dust caps for the charger port and headphone jack fit nice and tight.  If you are looking for a good case, this one is worth well more than they are charging.
RQIIQLJENFZM6	5	Love it I'm in love with this case. The colors are really nice they go with each other. It's very smooth and easy to put on. It fits perfectly and it protects.
RY93V3HAS6WHY	3	but it broke VERY easily when taking it off This case is very cute and it does it's job of protecting your phone if you drop it, but it broke VERY easily when taking it off. I switch my batteries out often since I have an extra battery that charges outside the phone. The case cracked down the top middle the first time I took it off and then cracked a little more down the back each time I took it off again. The case is made of what feels like a soft plastic which is why it was so easy to crack. If you plan on leaving your case on all the time (like a normal person) then this case is great. BUT if you take your case off a lot or like to switch cases often, I don't recommend this product.  Also, the stand was VERY hard top open up and use at first. I had to open it and close it a lot to break it in so it would finally open with ease. Once I did that, the stand was amazing.
R2BNVPIIKFDGZZ	5	Five Stars Works great, like it supposed to, would definitely recommend.
R1HZNXPH6AHV72	1	Does not work for iPhone 5c Product summary on web says it fits 5C, but actual package and instructions on delivery say it is only for 5 and 5S. Amazon summary is incorrect and should be revised. 5C definitely does not fit.
R307T8I5NQW732	5	Five Stars Looks great and phone is well-protected; meets all expectations.
R2MRGONZDZS0C5	2	It is to tight when you have the Otter box ... It is to tight when you have the Otter box on your phone. Very hard taking the phone out of the leather case.
R2GN5BK0GN2W9W	5	It offers good protection, good hand feel and the card slot ... I must own more than 5 different iPhone cases for my iPhone 6+ but the is my preferred one now.  It offers good protection, good hand feel and the card slot works well because there is a mechanism to prevent cards from dropping out.
RN7BOZU57DZ42	3	Cheap and doesn't work with iPhone, but just fine for the cost! So for $20 it is fine. It does not sync for messaging for the iphone but works for phonecalls just fine. I just like it for telling time and for $20 that is good enough for me. All the other features are just extra. Not the greatest smartwatch, but what the heck it was cheap.
R19FG8XGQZPVGE	5	Good product, fast shipping. Mounted with ease, used it today for a 5 mile bike ride and it worked great. It adjusts to fit any phone and holds it secure enough to ride on the road, up and down hills etc.
REI36WDBLLLYM	5	Five Stars Works like a charm and is comfortable!
RC3WD28UJE4H0	5	Best $15 I ever spent! I use it in my '98 Buick Regal and I have driven upwards of 2 hours around the Austin area with literally NO interference or issues.  I've used it almost on a daily basis for 2 months and not had a single problem; music and GPS comes through from my iPhone 6 plus crystal clear, and all this success from the very first station I tried it with.
RKBQX4X3LLN5D	1	One Star Didn't work. Did the same thing my old batteryou did.
R315SNPF85CRGJ	5	Great screen protector Very pleased real quality don't fuss with those plastic screen protectors this one blows all the plastic ones away.
R5KKR32BFGCAB	5	#1 Case This is the best case for a phone I've ever seen.  Sleek, sexy, feels good...and affordable!  Fits my phone perfectly!
R1JSJ8YK938LCS	5	Good phone case This case is great!  The storage door closes securely.  I am able to fit my drivers license and a credit card.  I have had this for about 1 1/2 years and it has held up well.  After one too many drops the door recently got a crack.  It makes it a little difficult to close but once closed it still hold my card securely.  The hole for the camera did not interfere with taking pictures.  Most headphones and power cords fit as well.  It is a tight secure fit on the phone so this not something that can be taken off and on easily.
R3MHJKK9J857GC	5	Awesome screen protector Awesome screen protector! I was having touch issues on my G4 with my previous tempered glass cover, this one is much better and much more responsive!
R1ERKY37D10KEK	5	great for the money Not bad for $10.has good rubber cushion on edges and doesn't interfere with screen.im satisfied
R2QERWPXXS1WDV	4	Four Stars Bit loose
R14PYY246W02MV	4	meh Good battery life, just undependable Bluetooth. Couldn't get it to work reliably
RS9CK5FEV1AHA	1	not happy had my phone in this and it still broke
R2X1YQ5XY0U43V	3	Front case does not like to stay on. Front case does not like to stay on.
R2X6SBELMJP4PH	5	Just as good as the stock iPhone / iDevice blocks. The PowerJive blocks are as advertised. As in cables, you cannot have enough of these around the house or office. The blocks are sturdy and USB plugs fit firmly. There is no wiggle. These have the appearance as the stock blocks that come with an iPhone.  I tested the output of these PowerJive blocks and the results were good. They met the 5v 1A claim. See my pics below for the result of the test.
R1WP8VD6L1IBRI	5	Five Stars thanks
R36NU6WSM4MMKL	1	... with any of my iPhones and the quality seemed pretty bad. Also the plastic part that went on ... It wouldn't sync with any of my iPhones and the quality seemed pretty bad.  Also the plastic part that went on your ear seems awkward and uncomfortable.  This is your typical you get what you pay for made in China junk.
R3UN3RISNSV7A7	3	Three Stars Poor quality of the graphic on the cover.
R1X1RM52VCW49G	5	More than a Selfie Stick...you get the CEO!!! This stick is the best one I've seen by far.  It's so easy to use and extremely versatile in terms of the types of equipment you can use it with.  The materials and construction are solid.  We are taking this with us on our trip to Greece later this week so I will report back later.  One more thing...the company has done an outstanding job of following up to make sure we are happy with the product.  Great customer service so far.
RQ20SBX9DXURV	5	i don't like window mounts Best way to mount gps
R2OHBHYM8CDZ5M	4	Durable Dynamo One of the best deals I picked up this summer. No more juggling between low-battery devices. Also, I neither recommend nor condone juggling while driving.
R3803DTSOUF327	5	It fit the bike and was easy to put on and works great I received the universal bike mount and was very excited about my purchase.  It fit the bike and was easy to put on and works great.  Now I have a place to carry my cell phone when riding.  I would recommend the universal phone mount to a friend.
R3VQU9NOF8C3QE	5	Very well please with the dock and play if I ... Very well please with the dock and play if I had the chance and I needed another one I would buy again
RSIJGDQ6044KF	4	Four Stars Super cute(:
R19VHLFAOS57PY	4	Four Stars Very good
RCTNXEZRQPBVU	1	Junk Broke the first time I used it.
R7IU1ECLKRZNI	5	Nice case and great color! I love it. Looks and feels great. What can you say about a simple phone case other than it looks like the pic came right on time with prime two day shipping and seems durable enough. For the price it is great. Everything lines up like it should. All the slots and buttons line up perfectly and the headphones seat properly. I hate when you get a cover that things are off like that. So very nice. Seems durable but I just got it so can't comment on that yet but will if there is an issue I will update. I don't think there will be it feels like its made of good quality material and design.
RRYY1D7QHQOYD	4	Four Stars Loved it...not too bulky but still very protective!
R3ELUM31KIMVJN	1	Wrong Phone Size It was for the wrong phone. It may stay for a one plus one but it looks like it would fit an iPhone 6. It was a beautiful case now looked at it and it looks like it would fit my phone but it didn't.
RGPMA2O1MZPLE	4	Four Stars Great product bought on Amazon!!
R1NODWPJKIOW4C	5	Five Stars worked perfectly
R23DY3OFBXW4OY	4	Bluetooth still in use still working only one problem I'm ... Bluetooth still in use still working only one problem I'm having with the Bluetooth it does not tell me who's calling but it doesn't matter still everything is A OK
R1U2OM1MAWU0B6	1	Don't Very misleading description. Plus it was overpriced. I found one similar on ebay for much less and of better quality.
R31QYIMK5Z7OTD	5	Great pricing. Better than the ones Verizon &#34;gave&#34; me...
R3PQZH66TISHQF	4	great Product. no instructions but look it up on ... great Product.no instructions but look it up on YouTube
R165TCESNDROHD	1	It didnt last a year It didnt last a year as a car charger!
R1SFITLRSE3K7T	5	(live video test) Best little cable I've ever owned [[VIDEOID:f8ef8c6c7d56750ad91fb50c6d4ca3c5]] ✏️ Quick thoughts to supplement my video demonstration.  I like this cable adapter (converter) because: - There are 3 ports (HDMI, VGA, and DVI) from which I can choose. I've had to carry around three separate adapters before. (actually I have a sweet VGA and HDMI adapter, but I didn't know they also made one that has DVI, like this one. Awesome!) - It works in my MacBook Pro. - The image is beautiful.  No distortion as far as I can tell. (I'd recommend always trying to use the HDMI port) - While it's surprisingly big, it's certainly smaller than three whole converter cables together. - Fits nice and snug into my Macbook Pro and doesn't wiggle out.  Note: I was given a sample of this product in exchange for a review and demonstration. Hope this demonstration and test helps!  📍 Bottom line: would I recommend this product to one of my friends? 👍 Yes, absolutely.
R33XR4B4W8FZLB	5	Five Stars fits almost ant were like it
RAEGSVOSQMR3C	5	Loved it. Bought another one for my Mom! LOVE IT!  Now I don't need a screen protector. Best feature is the answer without opening although not sure I have figured out how to hang up without opening.
R1F9HGTA6K68B0	5	This is awesome product. This phone holder is a great tool for me, because the mount stays firmly in the air vent of my note, I have many holder for phone, but this is a great one than others. I recommand this holder, I`m sure you will love it. And thanks for your gift, I give it to my son, he love it very much. Thank you, five star.
R3BZ1YZL9K3VU5	5	Well done So nice that the cables have connectors that are small enough to fit through the holes in my phone case. Good product!
R38YZC32VUMSXT	5	Five Stars I love my case
R1HN74GAZ6I8H4	5	Five Stars I love it, fits perfectly on the phone and in my hand.  :)
R1NJPFG292O3D5	5	It's a nice touch especially with the Chevy cobalt It's a nice touch especially with the Chevy cobalt...... Bought it for my boy friend.... Fits perfectly in 06'..... And a little cubby in the bottom...... Hands free
R2G0WAVRZGYYA7	5	Five Stars OK
R2HXORCATEU3V9	5	Five Stars Just what I expected.
R27GFQI7GKDB31	5	exactly what i wanted i absolutely love this case. It shipped super fast and is exactly as pictured/described. Unlike other cases this one has 4 card slots which is what i was looking for. Mine also came with a screen protector and one of those watersafe ziplock bags that you can put your phone into if you are doing water sports like kayaking or paddle boarding. Overall great product
R718C0SXLMV3U	5	Meets all expectations. Looks exactly as it did in the photo and feels very secure. I had purchased the iPhone 5 version when it came out, so felt I should go with the same brand and style with my iPhone 6. Was not disappointed.
R1ID6GV8FZ26EW	5	Five Stars Great for running in my iphone + Seem it will last a while
R2ZDLDCZDHBNQJ	3	6.5", NOT 6" My problem is I needed a 6&#34; which is what they are advertised as, but are actually 6.5
R8F8HSVGY0L6Z	5	Five Stars Excellent!
R3RLX1N52KIEZC	5	Five Stars Same original equipment that came with phone.
R2YK4E54RWI3TG	5	Five Stars awesome rugged case--great buy
RTFXFWQGJRKDC	5	Five Stars Love it!!!
R350PJ76VO6YVH	5	Great charger Works great and charges fast, perfect to keep in a purse or backpack.
RDUOH82KIF1UE	1	Very displeased. The part that protects the screen pushes the button in on the phone turning it off and on which kills the battery. I would not recommend this product.
R3PAVC9THD6KJ8	5	Five Stars cool!
R2RTCY3QFML29B	5	Anker is a great brand. Love their products Anker is a great brand. Love their products. This charge is great for travel. Light and powerful. I bought one more for my wife as well. Great buy.
RWHP8GWMT5I86	5	Good stuff Absolutely great. Sturdy. Great attention to detail. Phone fits well, and all controls are readily accessible. The only improvement that could be made is adding a magnet, but no complaints here!
R2PTQMPYHEA779	5	Excellent radio Excellent radio. Get one, you'll love it.
R29GA4PQJ6MVM9	5	Very durable. This is the best phone case I have ever owned! Plus I love the haunted mansion so it looks cool. I've had it on my phone since Fall 2013.
R37XXHF73DNV3F	5	Buy it now!!! Amazing piece of equipment. I installed in a Polaris Ranger to drive two Pioneer TS-MR2040 8&#34; marine speakers, in bridge mode. It is a perfect match! It could fit in the glove box of a car or even a center console. It is the size of two beer cans and puts out the power of a 12 pack. The only downside is that there are no adjustments on the amp but at this point I don't know I would even use them. The blue tooth pairing was beyond simple. It took me about 45 seconds from the time it powered on to the point I had music blaring.
R3HMRWX33FJM3A	3	Works for the most part. Unlike the original cradle ... Works for the most part. Unlike the original cradle, I sometimes I have to wiggle the watch or the USB cable to make it work.
R3RNKBDMZ9F7DE	4	Four Stars I'm OCD or I would have given 5 stars
REVPJD6ZRHI7E	5	decent item for cheap Good for the festive of color I put my phone in this while fishing just incase.
R2WUQ3DW9S0X3U	5	Fun Colors! Affordable Price! Get one for every vehicle! This is a great charger. I like that it has a well placed light to tell you if it's charging. This charger is a great color of purpley-red to add a little fun to your accessories. This color makes it certain that my husband and sons will not pick my charger up and take off with it! I've had no problem with this charger. We own several vehicles, and I got tired of forgetting to grab a charger from another vehicle or not realizing I didn't have one until my phone beeped that it was dying. Because of this I decided I was getting chargers for every vehicle.
R3LNINWI6KDIL5	5	perfect fit Fits as said. Places perfectly on the edge's edges
RNVRU6I0R52DP	3	Three Stars although I can/t figure out how to program the scanner.
R38RU4TC6G1T4M	1	Does not last This didn't even last one year. Plastic part broke off and no longer charges. Also the charger would get extremely hot.
R2C9B53IS2LFWQ	5	Perfect solution I was looking for something that would charge quickly as I use my iPad all day now. I needed something that worked with Apple certified devices. This fit the bill. I have been using it since yesterday, and it works like a champ!!  The rapid charge on top I use for the iPad, the second one for my iPhone, and the third one I charged your external battery in that I will keep in my purse. Absolutely perfect!!
R1CZBM6HUYOQQC	2	Could not get the thing to work for the life of me! I bought tone of these awhile back to help track a troubled family member's car (for actual safety reasons - no wife spying going on! ). Could not get the thing to work. Tried two SIM cards, followed the directions ( kind of hard to cipher ). Maybe one of these days someone will clue me in on how to get this thing working. I&#34;m a very technical person, btw.
R2UDENZKGVRZT0	1	this one was worse. Did not hold a charge as long as ... Bought it for the higher capacity over another brand that is less amps... this one was worse. Did not hold a charge as long as the phone itself. Would not buy again. Not as easy to take the phone in and out of the case.
R28ZGU8JYFXIIZ	5	great product exchange for a review, and my nephew has wanted one. We tried another type previously and weren't happy. This one feels really high quality and has worked without flaws. It's not flimsy. The telescoping extension works great. I'm super pleased with the bluetooth capability. I do recommend this purchase.
R3560JMXTRPTAH	5	exactly what i needed and it was easy to find a video tutorial online exactly what i needed and it was easy to find a video tutorial online. Never go to the apple store for help.
R29614ELBTPUTK	5	Five Stars fits really nice and secure
R340627IB3W7K8	2	Look Elsewhere for better longevity Keep Looking Elsewhere, the Kick Stand didnt last but 2 weeks and barely used it before breaking other than that same as most of the other $15 cases on Amazon.
R9DI9Q28LVVCY	1	One Star Decorative only, too thin to be of any protection
R24E987ULF12IG	4	but bought adapter and the pack works great for my shipped with europen plug, but bought adapter and the pack works great for my laptop
RBJ12D0KL0OK3	4	Great product -- half the price than similar at adventure stores While the slide back and forth from each country or plug can be awkward from time to time, this is a great practical tool to bring along overseas.  Love that it has two USB ports and one plug.  If you have Apple products, the USB ports can sometimes be in competition.  This is a problem that I've identified with other adaptors, so not necessarily an issue with this product.  We ordered two and made daily use of them.
RWU0BSHX3LQTO	5	Exactly what I was hoping for. Does the trick and is MUCH sturdier than the other kind that I ordered (also a car vent iPhone holder), which had rubber prongs that fell off within a few months.
R3EK60DF9FZ15S	3	The connection plugs nicely into my center console I am torn on the amount of stars I would give this product. I ordered this for my Iphone 6 plus, which I am afraid may be a tad too heavy for this product. The connection plugs nicely into my center console, however, while driving my phone will slowly make its way down until it is laying on the center console or spin around. I have tried to set it up differently but continue to get the same results. Like I said, I like the product, I just dont think it is good with the weight of the 6 Plus.
R1PZ3ZFDGNY2O1	5	Good value Colorful and works well.
R1X4O3W497BVBJ	5	Happy Customer Case was slim and not heavy but has the potential to protect your phone when it falls. I'm happy with my purchase :)
R2FF7QSSMHC5C	5	Five Stars works great!
R1BJ5H9T4ICCCM	1	Becomes A Brick After Two Weeks The Pebble Time becomes a brick two weeks after you start using it.  Pebble shipped these watches with a known defect in the charging system.  The watch will only charge one or two times, and then will stop charging altogether.  Pebble is being flooded with emails.  Support response is extremely backlogged.  The watch does not stay charged &#34;up to 7 days&#34; as they claimed.  Three days, four tops.  Then it dies after the first or second time you charge it up.  Pebble needs to do a recall.  Just google &#34;Pebble Time does not charge&#34;.  You will see even professional reviewers had to send for replacement cables while they were testing the Pebble.  Each reviewer though it was a one-off problem, but it isn't.  This is a serious defect affecting a large number of Pebble Times.
RS55L5YC0V7M2	1	Waste of money!  Cheap plastic breaks easily. This product was a complete waste of money.  The screen protector is nothing more than a thin film of plastic.  It is water proof, however, it is made of very cheap brittle plastic and lacks any durability what so ever.  Mine broke in the pocket of my dress pants after only a week. I never dropped even dropped it or had a chance to take it out camping or anything.  Don't waste your money on this.
R1RZWQV2DGBB2Y	5	Works as expected. Works as expected. Not much more to say than that!
R139MTTMG0B0ZA	4	pretty good and durable case Great case. I have my own landscaping business and have a tendency to drop my phone, run it over with a mower tire, get caught in the rain, etc. This case has protected it from everything. Took one star away because the built-in screen protector feels pretty cheap but still works.
R15WA94OS4Q24T	5	Five Stars Works great, no problems
RQDEM84DAVE3T	4	It's a good product. I do wish you could more easily ... It's a good product. I do wish you could more easily use the touch screen on my phone when it's in the case,  but so far the case keeps my phone dry :)
R8I6TYSMQCQF3	5	Five Stars As expected.
R127D3DXZ2IXXY	5	Five Stars I love my case! It's very durable.
R1830DV2BVTK8R	2	It was good the first couple of days It was good the first couple of days, then it turns off by itself, when I press the unlock button it takes like 30 seconds to show the unlock screen, battery drains way to fast not very happy
R5F956ZF4B6OY	4	but other than that its amazing! The magnets not the strongest, but other than that its amazing!
RRNCICQI2KQRQ	5	Five Stars Works perfectly
R3UBYACAJN5C39	3	Three Stars didn't last long, cracked on front.
R1XRJ8B44R425F	2	Not great quality... Dead in 3 days....
R3QWE9OLKOXXHF	3	Three Stars Mine lasted about 5 months.... I have had several of these and they normally last a couple years.
R23X7MMS8DJA16	5	Five Stars Great product durable
R14HYULA15G1DL	4	The cover under the plastic purple is a little loose ... The cover under the plastic purple is a little loose on the phone, almost as if it's too big. Yet to see if this causes any problems, or is more just an annoyance.
R29WKSOXCIXGW6	5	Perfect fit!!! Perfect fit and looks good on my stainless steel with the modern buckle of the Apple Watch.
RRDL5B0ZNV40R	5	Five Stars excelente
R79MIOZBGFF2K	4	Wireless Charging is Holy!!! Great wireless charger, but I wish it would charge my phone faster!
R1IJZINCCN1PXP	2	bad screen, slow to touch bad screen ,slow to touch ,faded colors started getting spots in screen after cpl weeks
R3HKBS4A5ZJQOU	3	it worked then it stopped!! Purchased this back in June and left a great review.  A few months later the cable only charges the ipod classic but won't connect to the media interface to play music.. Get a message on the nav screen &#34;device incompatible&#34;. .not sure what to do...
R268TI6N3HDWTR	1	it didn't sound good at all I had to rebuy and other one. it didn't sound good at all. its cheap but I wasted my money on it. I don't know why I totally forgot I could return them.
RYJKVVGOMOXN5	5	Great I use these every time I run, and they have been fantastic. Light weight, and surprisingly good sound. I'd recommend these to any runner.
R1KCZY47I9ZZQC	5	Five Stars Great product...great fit When I look at getting another I sure will look at this seller first. Fast shipping
R13NR6IR9IMWD4	4	these super shields go on smooth and EZ these super shields go on smooth and  EZ. but I really did not need 6 of them. although the price was great. I would buy them again.
R1M9TF27WX3G2K	5	Five Stars Very convenient. Im using it a lot
RO6MPWSVYUKJV	5	Five Stars Works great
R1CK9E1T15FID	5	Five Stars Great item
R1GPT5Z1GASMB4	4	sound is awesome! product easily connects to bluetooth devices One word of warning.. if you upgraded a win8 computer to 8.1 you MUST find upgraded 8.1 bluetooth drivers, or unit will NOT function!  this warning should be included.  Past that, product when everything is upgraded.. sound is awesome!  product easily connects to bluetooth devices.. No complaints here!
RZDEZR519542Q	5	dragon art case for note 3 Very  colorgul snd well made.  Looks great on my phone
R1Z0H33YQDU4BY	5	Five Stars I like it
R2ZRFXBWO06N8V	5	YUE DA TIME   5 stars!  board worked perfectly Fixed a galaxy s4 for a friend's daughter.  I took my time watched numerous vids online and did i mention I build circuit boards (thru hole and surface mnt)  for over 15 yrs now.  So I am well versed with electronic repair.  The board fit perfectly.  When I was done I plugged it in and it charged fine, I made a few calls and the mic worked properly.  I ordered this board from &#34;YUE DA TIME&#34;  from Amazon and the one I got worked perfectly.  I would say though if you have never done this work before go slow, and be observant of what you are doing.  Ppl tend to rip and tear and make the situation worse before they even get the new board in.  Be sure to remove the tape because there is adhesive that needs to be secured.  The process is fairly simple if you just take your time and do it right the 1st time.  From my experiences, brute force and electronic repair do not mix well.  Thx again fixed a s4 for under $10.00
R3QMFTJP8YBTB5	5	Five Stars Very good
R3E84OP9XSLGXT	5	Great product Best phone case/card holder on the planet. This is my second one and when I get the next generation phone, I'll get another, easy to use and offers great protection.
R34WQKY7C13V6K	2	Two of the screen protectors were already scuffed up when ... Two of the screen protectors were already scuffed up when I got them. Then the sticker that's on the bottom wouldn't come off. Long story short,  if you have a $700 phone don't buy $3 screen protectors.
R3SQNPSC8PTGWS	2	I was not at all happy with this It keep falling off the windshield and it wont stick to the dash at all.  I was not at all happy with this.
R2Y0Z7UFFMSO8O	5	Five Stars very good
R283W1V259S3IF	5	Five Stars works great on my new phone
R2MG56ELZG9UR6	5	Five Stars Great quality
R15BKEWHFNVLMZ	5	Five Stars Awesome product so far! Great for use at the pool where limited charging is available. Would buy again!
R1TYOJATTQ6PNC	5	This is a great portable travel charger. We all have numerous electronics that require usb charging cables.  When we travel we used to have to take multiple plugs etc.  Not all hotels have power outlets in convenient locations and this solves that problem in one easy to carry item.  As the amazon description mentions: The power cord is pretty long, ( just under 5 feet) and can easily wrap around for transportation. The plug has a convenient snap in spot as well. It does not mention that they include a handy drawstring travel bag for the unit. (nice touch).  So far, I have a Note 4, and an LG G watch plugged into it at night. I'll also be charging a Kindle every so often at the same time.  No issues with charging, I can not speak to the speed of the charge, as I have them plugged in all night and in sleep mode. However, I have a full charge by the time I wake (about 5 hrs later).  That is usually from a 35% charge to 100%, again I am not able to report how long that takes,, as I sleep through it. This will be easy to toss in a carry-on bag for trips, or my laptop bag to and from work. I have no need for the universal plug, but who knows, maybe one day.  I received this item for free or discount in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.
R247FDYXUHBFY4	5	This is a very easy to install phone holder This is a very easy to install phone holder. You simply slip the small metal plate on the inside of your phone cover and attach it to the magnet on the mount. The mount itself is small and unobtrusive. I have mine attached to the windshield by suction cup, although you could similarly mount it to the dash. It's difficult to understate the convenience of this holder. You literally just place the phone in front of the magnet and it attaches on. Good for most modern smart phones.
R3GM9LIFKZGQ12	5	Love it! I love this screen protector! I've already dropped my phone several times without any scratches or nicks!
R5MQJ9VF0C0XW	4	Four Stars good,nice,but a littel expnesive
R56CGMFOQL4DB	5	It's sturdy, and I feel it keeps my phone safe Not a lot to say, except that this strikes me as a very well-made item. It's sturdy, and I feel it keeps my phone safe. I'm very pleased with it.
R3FND5XG7CIQR	1	Very disappointed. It doesn't work on my computer.  Very disappointed.
R3C6NIEASXHMPU	5	Five Stars Works great and looks great!
R8OULVJ06UQYK	5	Great product ! This case is SUPER CUTE! It's HUGE And will not fit in your pocket and come with a horible smell besides that it's perfect !
R2X4VC8KZYRC9E	5	Five Stars Nice
R1DAKXYR5PCIGP	5	Five Stars Great convenient wireless charger.
R1EUHFB2COR671	5	Five Stars I am so happy that I got a PROMO code to get this item and leave a fair review.
R3DTPMCP9I3014	5	Five Stars Great case
R3BHDHV5G2GNJG	2	Too good to be true It is a beautiful case, but the rubber edge on the magnet flap is ripping off, the leather edges of the kiss are also breaking apart. Find another case that will last longer.
R3I9DPNMENGL6O	5	Five Stars Good screen protection
R4ZJTUTK4JG93	5	Five Stars Great products, works fine
RC62DLTARWADD	3	Very good, Just not great.... First and foremost I admit that I am super anal about taking care of my cell phone. I typically will have each one for about three years and therefore want it to last as long as possible. I just got a nexus 6 on project fi and intend for it to be my only device for quite a while. With that being said a good case and screen protector are key. This screen protector is crystal clear. The fact that it is not flexible makes it the easiest I have ever installed, dust free and aligned properly on first try. Usually not an easy feat. I am not a good reviewer for scratch resistance as I never put the phone in a situation where it can be scratched but it seems as good as any other i have ever used (typically spigen). The only issue I have with it is the fit. The cutouts are the perfect size and shape for all the phones features (speakers, sensors, etc.) but it is slightly too large to make a 100% seal. What I mean is the edges of the screen are ever so slightly curved so around 1-2 mm of the entire periphery is not stuck down to the screen. Not a huge deal for most I assume but i'm sure dust will build up in this area over time and cause me two problems. One is aesthetics, it just won't look good with all that junk under it. Two, that dust will act as sandpaper over time and start to cause a cloudy look around the edge of the screen due to thousands of microscopic scratches. This may not be an issue for some at all but it is for me. I will upload pictures when I get a chance to take them.  1 Week Edit: Still performing well in the protection aspect. Just as I had suspected there is a large amount of dust gathering around the edge of the screen protector where it is not completely stuck down. It is not just under but gathering under it and sticking out the sides making this &#34;fuzz&#34; border around the screen protector. I will still give it 3 stars because I am super anal and this probably won't bother most people but I may be looking for something different soon.
R11QY1T8BZ6WWB	3	They work good but seem to only last about 5 years We have used these for years.  They work good but seem to only last about 5 years.
R2YW2VKPHA8JKZ	5	Beautiful phone case I LOVE this case!  Wish I could find more designs like it!
R3LXXH6S1PTYJO	1	Hard to position to work. Has a hard time getting in the charge position.  You have to make sure it sits in the lighter outlet a certain way in order for it to work.  Pain to get to work.
R3RIAFU9OI18CM	5	Five Stars Good movie. A lot of true facts came out.
RT3VARP0P29J	3	It's been on my fitbit a month. Not sure ... It's been on  my fitbit a month.  Not sure I want to keep it on as three  of the corners are peeling up.
RAHP3IHSTOWHL	5	This was a great 1st time purchase experience with Amazon This was a great 1st time purchase experience with Amazon. this is an awesome product, from the price to the shipping time.
R2Z2NPT0CHZHDC	5	Five Stars 💯
R3UCQUMHBO84X9	5	Fit perfect and I love it Fit perfect and I love it.  I have ahd it for a couple of months already and it still looks new to me.
R3KCGDBOUOWWU0	5	Five Stars This made it easy to repair my broken charger door!
R32950HIZKUCDM	5	Five Stars Got it for my husband he loves it!
R3OGSC4D6NYFKQ	1	Expect it to break Had for 2 days and it already broke. I have bought 2-3 of these clips already. Each have broke under normal/ light use. But the price is reasonable for something so cheaply made.
R1Y01Y953E1DNY	5	Five Stars Product is as described.
R2Z3ZD8XW8BA5	5	Loving this case so far. Have dropped my phone ... Loving this case so far.  Have dropped my phone several times from 3ft+ and have had no issues thus far.
R3AHDZ2T37926B	5	I LOVE this little gadget I LOVE this little gadget!! I have a Samsung Galaxy 5 and it fits perfectly. It clips over the top of the phone, to cover over the eyepiece. I just started experimenting with the fish eye lens (photo attached, don't judge!)  : )  -  makes a great, super affordable gift! I've given two of these away as gifts and both recipients thought their new little phone camera lens kit was the coolest thing ever. Comes with a cloth carrying bag... easily fits into a pocket or small purse compartment.
R1XWULS4NN7346	5	fits my device perfectly east to install and is fun to play with made of durable i received this product in exchange for an unbiased review the shipping was fast and the package was secure and safe, no broken parts made of durable materials easy to install with clear instructions fits my Iphone 6+ perfectly doesn't interfere with the camera all ports and speakers work perfectly stylish. It is thin and lightweight but very good protector i have dropped my phone quite a few times and i also keep in a large purse, my phone is very safe and well protected
R172NIJ4AAPA6Z	5	Found a new love!!! This phone is awesome for the price, the camera quality top notch, sound is loud and clear the screen is big and crystal clear. Storage space no problems, internet speed no problems I just love this phone, I shopped around for 2 weeks before I finally made my decision to purchase the Titan Max, so far I have no regrets.
R2GSRT151AC3TH	5	Five Stars Great product
R344Y6F48EQH55	5	Five Stars Case works great essy out and in for the samsung s4 cell phone
R2HN9QS8DZNOZM	3	It's a good product and has apparently saved my phone many times ... It's a good product and has apparently saved my phone many times from cracking.  However, I Believe it cracks a little too easy.  I've never dropped my phone on a hard surface, or landed it on a rock - anything that would really what I deem this much damage.  However, this screen protector does look great and protect the screen - just question its durability.
R3IYK99DCTGR8G	5	Five Stars Very good. Love it!
R2D7FJSZ1E6O8K	4	so it'll slip into your pocket easily, but you don't have to worry about it ... Fits very well and isn't too bulky.  It has just the right amount of grip without being sticky, so it'll slip into your pocket easily, but you don't have to worry about it slipping out of your hand.  Shipping was fast, too!  If I have any gripes at all, it's just that I wished the power button was just a little more pronounced, not a big deal though.
R1JP7WKSHYDZYY	1	One Star Did not fit properly
RT6ZJKRI60FM3	1	One Star case does not fit well
R3R7HGC8RZM4YL	2	Good: Works with my LG G4 Good:  Works in my 2003 Civic if I plug it in, attach my phone, unplug it for 5 seconds, and then plug it back in. Bad:  Doesn't work in my 2013 Tundra at all even following the plug/unplug/plug procedure.  UPDATE:  After 7 months of use the three metal pieces on the end have fallen off.  One of them went missing so the whole thing is a loss now.
R1X2S4ZDLFN5R6	4	So far the bands seem to work great and I have had no problems So far the bands seem to work great and I have had no problems.  The only disappointment I have is I thought I would get 12 different colors, but 4 of the twelve I received are black.  I would have given 5 stars if I would have received 12 different colors.
R29X8D2BGOX4PH	5	Five Stars There is nothing better to mount an escort/bel detector. Rock solid.
R2PHIK3USLA1OX	5	Five Stars great product as usual
R12BK8FDTHZZP7	5	Five Stars Good
R3IFOCOQRKZEVG	1	Did not like. Felt cheap Did not like. Felt cheap, and the cover was sticky. Could not access any of the side buttons and had to take it off almost everytime i wanted to use my phone
R3RBTIQVX8Q0SY	4	Four Stars Great nice case. It took a lot to arrive but it is a nice good looking book.
R3CK41JXM7EMT	4	Forms worship to foreign countries to members of the family ... Forms worship to foreign countries to members of the family at this present time there was no feedback about any one of the phones are is not working so all phones are ok 4-star rating
R2W29GJP9APB8U	1	This was not the phone case that was shipped to ... This was not the phone case that was shipped to me. The butterfly pattern is correct but the case pictured here is not what I received. The picture shows a ballistic case with raised rubberized corners. What I received was a simple plastic phone cover not what is advertised here. I am extremely unhappy with the &#34;Bait and switch&#34; that happened.
R27LPY6KNMTWCA	5	Five Stars Works better than the POSH phones that have the &#34;same&#34; specs.
R39O9RB0B8TZM4	4	Four Stars Needs more pockets
R3KE75TMKGZICD	5	Five Stars Great. Exactly as pictured.
RJ8B5DXVSZO2	5	Not that great. Vibrations from the road make the phone slide ... Update: they've improved the magnet quality in this substantially, making all my old complaints invalid. It is my favorite travel dock, I keep one in my with bag for whenever I rent a car. The only downside is it can be easy to forget in a car and if you rent a lot you might lose it. I'd buy more than one. Very sticky and firm, even sticks to the wireless charging coil inside of my phone eliminating the need for the metal pad being attached  Old review: Not that great. Vibrations from the road make the phone slide around on the mount changing angle and rotation. If you don't have a case for your phone you have to apply the metal piece to the phone itself, which is undesirable, but the strength through a case is not good enough for reliable use. okay for backup in a rarely used vehicle, don't recommend as primary solution.  Edit: Company contacted me and supplied a different phone mount, that is not magnetic but springing clamp design. It's not what I wanted but I appreciate that they tried to rectify my problem. I like this brand for other products and would not avoid them in the future because of this phone mount not being for me. Good customer service.
R1NE05R6H2XYQQ	5	Good case Good quality case. Took a little longer to get here than I liked but it was inexpensive but good quality
R29EOTJJ3YM5VX	3	Not the best fit Kept sliding out of place and popped immediately whenever the phone was dropped.  Looks pretty but it's not very well made.
R1LJDLLLNAU5D6	5	Gotta love the color Great case for my iphone 6. Its not too bulky so I can still get my phone into my pocket or purse. It doesn't add a lot of weight either, only 1.6 oz. It is properly designed so that all the holes line with the phone properly. Most importantly it is a beautiful color. This is case has extra protection on the corners for when you drop your phone. I received a discount on this product in exchange for an honest review. Comment
RF5R6HEK53C6F	1	Boost & whoever else has their hands in on this garbage phone. I have service through boost Wait till i get my hands on Nokia, Boost & whoever else has their hands in on this garbage phone. I have service through boost, on my iphone...PERFECT...on this...NEVER...even in the begginings of the month. Boost tells me it all depends what phone you buy. The 30$ ones from walmart work better than this garbage. What a waste.
R3DQO8Y4NLQE4Y	1	the worst wires I have ever bought Unfortunately, all 4 of them failed in 4 days. First one will not charge whatsoever although the phone says connected. 2nd one tip broke off at the base (never seen that before). last 2 ones will not charge of do anything. honestly, the worst wires I have ever bought. Be aware!
R22T4HS56D8KI1	5	Easy to hold without fear of slipping out of hands Fits perfectly. Easy to hold without fear of slipping out of hands. Nice design. Highly recommend!
R1L32NGE8IKX7N	5	Nice case gold is almost same color gold as the ... Nice  case gold is almost same color gold as the phone fits the phone perfect
R1U55P70J73NQG	1	One Star doesn't support iPhone or iPad
R1IFMTGXJVAR5B	3	Grips is sturdy. Does what it's supposed to...nothing too special. Grips is sturdy.
R1WDFAE2OSO75P	4	Updated, finally got it to work! Good luck getting this hooked up, they never could in my case.  Let me tell you the whole story:  Currently, it appears that Cricket is foolishly making all their &#34;Bring your own phone&#34; kits with a single nano card and separate adapters.  Well, these adapters may or may not work with your phone, making them worthless.  No place had these cards in the micro, and Cricket was clueless about this.  So I bought this one off here and crossed my fingers.  Long story short it did not work.  It would not connect via the website, so I called Cricket, and they couldn't connect it (error pps099, whatever that is, they either couldn't or wouldn't tell me), so they told me to go to the store, to which I told them the Gamestop people have absolutely no clue about these phones (they don't).  I then talked to them via online chat, and they gave me these same options, only telling me if I could go to a &#34;corporate store&#34; they might be able to get service.  Right, like I'm going to drive 2 hrs to connect up a bloody telephone. UPDATE:  Tried again and called the number 855-619-6021 (this is where you want to call!)  and got an Excellent Cricket representative (give him a raise, cricket) who walked me right through getting this hooked up and also ported over my number from my old carrier.  Up to this point (as noted above) I was ready to tear my hair out over this.  It really comes down to finding the right person who knows what they are doing.  I would give this 5 stars if not for my initial experience, so I removed one. Beware everyone, Cricket seems to have nice customer service, but they are overall the most maddening company I have yet to deal with.  They are all confused and nothing seems to work.
R25S4NKNBNWLPG	5	Five Stars I love this product. It is very efficient. I hope it lasts for a really long time.
R23O0RFKGKA6LL	5	Five Stars Received the package in excellent condition. The batteries have worked great so far.
RLVTT4VOLH0FE	4	Wireless surround sound for TV Works great and easy to use. I now have surround sound on my TV and can hear shows over the humming air conditioner. My only gripe is that the sound from the TV doesn't sync with the Bluetooth sound in speakers so I have to mute the TV. For 20 bucks I'm happy
RRKP81TOBLY76	5	good price, quick delivery good price , quick delivery.
RC2L0XRWEYHG	5	It works as advertising. It works as advertising.
R18QIG8PJ5V2KJ	2	Not for Working Out- but great sound I wanted these headphones for workouts.  I only used them for weightlifting (no high intensity cardio, etc.) and I could not keep them in.  They were a pain and I was constantly messing with them.  They may be great to watch a movie or to listen to music while stationary, but NOT while working out.  The sound was great, but they did not meet the needs of what I wanted.
R1GWSNSN8WN80X	5	Five Stars very good
RAE5DHXZ8LHC5	3	buy some adhesive bumpons you'll need it. So far battery life is good. But found it very slippery. I bought some adhesive bumpons to put under it so it will not slip.
R2PWF9M69ZLT47	5	Very happy with the product Very happy with the product, and the additional small free gifts / accessories included.  Was delighted when the protective case arrived a full two weeks before the estimated time of delivery
RCCZ88YWF142C	5	Five Stars great item
R1ZI159GE2MYCA	4	Well worth the $$ I like this case.  A little tough to open and close the compartment at first, but it's getting better.
R7V7HEZI05L8T	5	... number of times now and it has been very useful. No problem attaching to air vents in car ... I've used this mount while traveling a number of times now and it has been very useful.  No problem attaching to air vents in car and holds strong.
R1002Q10IK3X8	5	Five Stars Product received as described, shipped quickly, and has worked well so far.
RU6EZ6KBLDEXC	5	100 % Satisfaction The product  was delivered as stated in the product description
R13AFA9MDF2ZJX	5	Five Stars Work great.
R1L5W2SUE3SPMN	5	Five Stars very satisfied
R6SRQU9ITFXAL	3	Other than that it works fine. It does not automatically connect to my iPhone. I have to turn it off and on to get it connected. Other than that it works fine.
R2K5H1K40BW1FH	5	Five Stars As expected good price.  Quick delivery!
R3DJAUUGH7H9X3	5	Five Stars Great
RMRZZL93NUVT1	5	Great case, UAG is my favorite I love UAG cases.  Had one for the S5 and now this one, certainly my favorite.  It's protective, but not a safe like an otterbox.  It's stylish if you like the &#34;industrial&#34; look of screws and such, it's thin, and it grips.  Not a fan of the crap screen shields they send with the cases, though, but I certainly don't feel like they're adding unnecessary cost to the purchase.
R3RQTYHS8PBPPX	5	Kml Looks and sounds great will try it.
R53U1X6UAFY9V	5	Good News Everyone This is the drawer where I keep assorted lengths of wires. These cables are good quality and arrived quickly.
R1DHU9JNXAVW3H	1	Doesn't Fit!!!! I just got the Edge phone a week ago and was adament on having a case to protect it.  I purchased this one and while it would fit width wise, there is no way humanly possible that this will fit length wise!!!  It is about a half inch to inch too short for the phone!  TOTAL waste of time and money
RSYDHTZ7ZYQ1V	2	Two Stars Nice picture but a flimsy material. Just for looks.
R2U34V8H6HAT2O	4	Good product. Fits very well and easy to switch ... Good product. Fits very well and easy to switch with original band. It can get scratched pretty easy though but that's common with wear. Somehow I believed this item would come with tools to do swap out old band with this one but it didn't. That was my only disappointment.
R19J6RRTTFDQF1	5	Just Works. Clear instructions were provided.  Great packaging and complete with all that you need for a perfect/professional installation.  I strongly suggest that you invest 5 minutes and review the installation video  ( link on packaging).  Note the tempered glass protectors are much easier to install and protect far better than the film protectors.
R1TJKOVQXWQB6Y	5	Great holder for a bluetooth radio! I used this universal magnetic car mount to mount my Omaker bluetooth speaker to my dash for listening to my podcasts on the way to work in the morning. The mount comes in a nice little box with foam cut outs and extra sticky pads for both the ball and the socket/receiver.  The socket and receiver has a really sticky reusable pad that can be removed and reused many times. The adhesive mount on the ball is more permanent but the kit comes with an extra in case you need to remove it and place it somewhere else.  The magnet is very strong. It can easily hold my bluetooth speaker and probably something twice as heavy.  The only constructive criticism I can give the manufacturer is I would like to see some sort of instructions included with this product, regardless of how simple it is.  This is the bluetooth speaker I used with this: [[ASIN:B00RBIC1IS [Best Outdoor&Shower Bluetooth Speaker Ever] Omaker M4 Portable Bluetooth 4.0 Speaker with 12 Hour Playtime for Outdoors/Shower (Army Green)]]  I hope you find this review helpful.
R2TZRN1HGUF3DT	5	Very nice Galaxy S6 phone case I am very finicky when it comes to my phone cases. I am very hard on my phone, dropping it at least twice a day. Losing it in the bottom of my purse. Dripping water on it. You name it, I've probably done it. So I need a case that is durable and will at least protect it when I drop it or lose it. When I was offered this case at a free / reduced price in exchange for my honest, unbiased review I decided I had nothing to lose and took the offer. That being said, this case is made of durable, high quality materials. I have dropped my phone and lost it in my purse a few times since getting this case and it has protected it better than I ever thought it would. I was very surprised with this case. The color is fabulous and it fits my phone perfectly. I would definitely recommend this case to anyone who needs a phone case.
RI5JZHQGOYA5P	5	Five Stars Great product and so easy to install. Love it!
R3R266AA3I7OUB	5	Five Stars Better than the original.  The extra length makes charging much easier.
R1QA2SQEZ0KFBV	5	My Bose Speakers have a new life Several times i have thought about throwing my Bose speakers away because none of my iPods or iPhones work on it any more (different connectors).  I am so glad i didn't because with the CoolStream i can again use this unit and not just for Apple devices.  I have used the CoolStream to stream music from my HTC One M8 and Samsung Galaxy Tab, both using Spotify.  It sounds great. And super easy to set up, highly recommended
R2EJ3Q9TL109Q5	4	Nice case, nice price! My order just came today - earlier than expected!!! Very nice case - just as described. Only negative comment I can make is about the magnetic closure flap - it feels a bit flimsy. But overall, I'm satisfied with this purchase. Phone can be charged while still in the case. You won't be able to find a phone case like this at your neighborhood mall selling at this great price!  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B010NFD0GC?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00
R14E3BHU2MWYUD	1	It's a pretty bulky case as well First off the phone never fit properly in the case. We had to jamb it all together and even then there was a gap around it. Then within a couple days the diamonds started falling out and finally the kickstand broke after about a month. It's a pretty bulky case as well.
RVM5QHVLQOLQZ	5	Back up & running Now my mifi works,
R272Q3TBMBZ91O	5	Fits phone good husband likes it a lot Fits phone good husband likes it a lot. Seems to help with the outside keys as well, easier to turn sound up or down.
R35ZUX08LBPEX4	5	Display is as good as the original Display is as good as the original. I own more than one of these model phones so can make a side-by side comparison. The display is just as clear, bright and colorful as the original. Touch response is identical.  Just find and follow a You Tube guide, take your time and don't forget to remove and reuse the speaker from the old screen. I heated my speaker a little with a hair dryer and pushed it from the front and it came out with no problems.  The tool kit is pretty cheap, but good enough to perform the replacement operation the one time you will need it. If you plan to do this type of work for a hobby or a living, you should just buy a better grade of tools.  Start to finish, 30 minutes.
RKKN8YMT06F0I	5	Five Stars Fits perfectly and easy to install.
RKQYDCMWOYB2P	5	Awesome! Virtual partner function is excellent. Sets it apart from the lower level watches. Great interface. Easily tweaked, has like 54 potential data fields I believe. Can be used for hiking as well with its return home function. Awesome system for pacing and tracking mileage.
R20JY2O6LOGOUK	5	I've only had the unit about three weeks, but ... I've only had the unit about three weeks, but during that time I've used it successfully on two trips keeping both an iPhone and gps charged.  If the unit becomes fully discharged, it takes 5 or 6 hours to fully recharge.  However, it does seem to hold a charge for several days standing idle.
R25U7BM9C38K4E	5	Perfect fit and fits like a coin in tha hand Perfect fit and fits like a coin in tha hand! The battery is really nice and it extended my battery life from 1 day to 2-3 days without charging! :)
R13Y5XXS6EEW0Q	5	Totally waterproof and I paid for mine! I recommend this product, it is effective and reasonably priced.  I submerged it in water with a paper towel inside and it came out dry after 30 minutes.  I even added some weight to it to make sure it was submerged.  It is totally worth the money I paid and it is a much better deal and effective than the LifeProof case I had, which wasvery expensive and fell apart after six months and even the replacement case I received fell apart after 4 months also, so I gave up on it and bought the Accmor Waterproof case instead and I am very glad.  I was not paid for this review, I don't know anyone associated with this product and I paid full price for the product.  The product was not given to me for free nor did I receive anything in exchange for my review but they truly deserve my recommendation.
R2I5O1FCGJINAZ	3	The case was in fine condition but the image is shifted and cut-off by ... The case was in fine condition but the image is shifted and cut-off by the hole for the camera, as well as part of his feet are cut-off by the bottom.
R2TQ374X1KTEZF	1	I would recommend buying the whole bracket with the screen in it I would recommend  buying the whole bracket with the screen in it.  It wasn't fun replacing  for the cheap glass to Crack,  in  less than a week after the install.  And the tools pictured were not with the package.
R6CG12DOBV8RF	5	Five Stars I am Ble to always have a few business cards on hand!!
R1LYOB9MMKA07I	5	great product Great product
R2PO52X68373RU	1	Dont buy...worked great for two weeks This item worked great for two weeks.  I was hoping Monet was a good brand after I saw similar adapters were duds.  After two weeks, it died. It took me a while to write the review as I don't drive the Acura that much. Much promise...greater disappointment I bought another unit hoping I receive a defective unit.  The second unit failed within 10 days.
R2G67358U8BC9M	1	Bad product. Not good at all. Looked used and didn't even work? Do not buy.
R1ZZGDFIETPUM2	5	Perfect for protecting the iphone 6 Perfect for protecting the iphone 6.  I was able to put my phone in with the Otter cover, perfect fit and gives you an extra sense of security to protect your  expensive cell phone.
R147I3NT2JN2OT	3	LGTM :) Works for me :)
R15YBW57XVJXKQ	4	apealing to the eye I'm pretty satisfied with my purchase I love the design I got (bark camo) again very happy with what I got I just have two con's, its very hard to take off but does come off and the design on the back feels like one of those wash of f tatoos you'd get at a county Fair or something but I'm holding it will feel less sticky as I use it more , this case fits perfect around my glass screen protected that I bought sepretly and gave the one it comes with to my family member with the same phone but yes one again love it and would recommend to all
R1J6DP0NYJ7UUR	5	Not cool when you got an afternoon of conference calls Can't live without my Mophie as I'm in her phone so much on calls and texting, my phone without round die around Noon. Not cool when you got an afternoon of conference calls. Now I never have my phone die, got lots if power snd only charge at night. Worth every penny.
R1XG7NSW56KO3X	1	Terrible sound quality The sound quality is surprisingly bad; it gave me a headache.  I have several pairs of headphones that I paid about $10 for and they sound much better.
R31P4OOIQXUNCG	5	Five Stars Good quality.
R29CBFZSMX6NGY	4	Four Stars Four stars
R3O80NXMO2QOUK	5	Five Stars it good
R2UQGNDMNPFYDY	5	A++ Seller I got it early then it said I would get it and it works really good
R3HSTU0DTEANB	4	Satisfactory GPS System. This gadget performs as expected, without a lot of unnecessary frills.  On a recent trip to Cleveland, we put it to a good test by allowing it to guide us from our hotel to the sites we wanted to visit.  Samantha generally knew what she was doing.  There were two occasions on our trip when the shortest route wasn’t the fastest; fortunately we had a paper map along as backup. “Trust, but verify,” was my wife’s verdict on Samantha.  I particularly like the feature that shows one’s elevation above sea level.
RMU85J9NCGS6	4	Four Stars love it I have to dim the light for privacy but , it works
R3WCLS0JK4GTB	5	Five Stars Happy with my purchase. I recomended.
R1S3VTV3LPRRSG	1	One Star cheap!
R2EIK7LLVGVL9V	5	Five Stars Works great, what else can I say?
R1CCDOWWZ2HVAZ	5	Five Stars It's perfect
R2DLNR5FQ0SCN7	5	Another hit from Anker. This Qi charger works great at a fraction of the cost of the OEM brand.  I've yet to be disappointed by Anker.
R38A6AEFP6YC10	5	Five Stars Best non-Apple chargers ever.
R1NIGAWBY6BC74	4	My Elmer told me that it was a good mobile I have not got to use it as of yet . I know that it is a quality radio . I'm working on my ham license .My Elmer told me that it was a good mobile radio
R3I4VSN0LJFXLP	3	I don't really like the pull-out for the charger or the earphone love ... I don't really like the pull-out for the charger or the earphone love the texture tho and the card case only holds 2 without the worry of it popping open.. I do like it tho. I just have more cards then that so I ordered another probably use this for when I only need to carry 2 cards!!
R2C273BCCZZ30T	3	that part is nice. But It's okay because of the length only, that part is nice.  But, it is really slow in charging your phone, takes a full 8 hours to charge to 100%, maybe, or more.  But, if you need a long cord while your power is down and you have a convenient wall plug, this will allow you to get further from it and use your phone.  I'm thinking like charging stations where you have one guy sit right in front of all the plugs.
R1ZT4ERG8AE7C9	5	Five Stars Awesome band. Good quality
R19K070J3KAGA6	4	Four Stars Great case but a little awkward to handle when making or receiving calls.
R3DJJWE07IV10G	5	Five Stars Worked perfectly.
R4W0QEJRYDZDW	5	Great camera with great video and still shots I have tested this unit for a month or so and it has out preformed every dash-cam system I've tested to date. This system requires a micro USB card to operate (record and still shots), which was no big deal for me, as I had an extra. You will need to download an proprietary app to run this camera system. Using this app you set up the camera. I started my test indoors with plugging the unit into a USB power brick. If you don't put the micro USB card in as soon as you power it up it will beep continually until you do. The first major hurdle to setting the camera is to connect to the camera's wifi server. It took about 5 attempts before successfully connecting the phone to the camera.  As soon as the connection is made you can the easily navigate the app and see live streaming of the camera's view. You can then pare up the small remote button that comes with this camera. The button allows you to activate still shots or record. This remote is key to operation as it allows for quick operation of the camera. Once your camera is up and running you can see the awesome quality of the video stream. It is an adjustable stream, so you can dial it into a perfectly clear faster stream rate. I used this camera in just about every setting, I went with 1080p as that offered the clearest field of view.  I took it outside and mounted it in my Lincoln SVU. It wouldn't suction behind the mirror as it has those small black dots made into the windshield, so I had to lower mine, so it is in your field of view while driving.  You should know your states laws about driving with something stuck in the field of view because this may get you a ticket if it is considered an obstruction.  Once I got it to suction on to the windshield, I then made a connection to the power port in the SUV.  I left my cord dangling as I determined that you need to unplug it after use, my unit didn't disconnect from the power like it should have, not a big deal, but something to note. I think is more related to the fact that my power ports don't shut off when the vehicle is turned off.  If you car or truck shuts down the ports you should have no issue with mounting this as a permanent fixture. The first time is operated this camera I had my wife drive as I operated the camera using the app. You can watch the live feed and take still shot from the cell phone app too. Once you are outside the camera's wifi reception area you can only review previous clips and still shots taken. Once you reconnect to the camera's wifi you can then view what was recorded when you are away from the vehicle. The camera has a green and blue light on the back side facing you that stay on while in use, on of them is a constant light, the other blinks. This may bother some people especially for night time driving, but it didn't affect me. The suction cup has stayed in place even in extreme heat, as of yet no cold weather testing has been available. I will update to let you know if weather changes effect the ability to stay on the windshield.  This is an easy to use and operate system that allows you to view the camera footage without taking out the micro USB card. If you remove it and place it into a adapter then you can easily use it with you computer to view and save shots or videos. For me to post a video I need to take this stream and convert it, so I will post that as well.fact that my power ports don't shut off when the vehicle is turned off.  If you car or truck shuts down the ports you should have no issue with mounting this as a permanent fixture. The first time is operated this camera I had my wife drive as I operated the camera using the app. You can watch the live feed and take still shot from the cell phone app too. Once you are outside the camera's wifi reception area you can only review previous clips and still shots taken. Once you reconnect to the camera's wifi you can then view what was recorded when you are away from the vehicle. The camera has a green and blue light on the back side facing you that stay on while in use, on of them is a constant light, the other blinks. This may bother some people especially for night time driving, but it didn't affect me. The suction cup has stayed in place even in extreme heat, as of yet no cold weather testing has been available. I will update to let you know if weather changes effect the ability to stay on the windshield.  This is an easy to use and operate system that allows you to view the camera footage without taking out the micro USB card. If you remove it and place it into a adapter then you can easily use it with you computer to view and save shots or videos. For me to post a video I need to take this stream and convert it, so I will post that as well.
RUHPE8LVRTTOL	5	Five Stars Excellent
R3OLBE2JS8UV4K	5	Five Stars Perfecto
R3ML3BPMGQKQ1V	1	One Star They are junk!
RACFNBI03YZOR	5	Great!! I love my new phone case! I wanted the security of an Otterbox Defender but unfortunately they don't make many with nice designs on them (only different colors) so I was really happy to find this one from TrekCases. It's a genuine Otterbox case and they've added the design beautifully.. I'm pleased with my purchase and will buy from this seller again!
R1LX413JE4D0S1	5	Great!! Item arrived as promised and in great condition.  This item works wonderfully, very pleased with purchase.  I would purchase other items from this seller.
R21RUWVLFZ0U9Z	1	The only complaint I have to say about this product ... Wish it had a hole for the back camera while its flipped open. Edit: I realized the reason my phone was not getting connectivity properly to my wifi was due to this case. After I took off the case, I had absolutely no problems. However, with the case, I had issues staying connected to wifi.
R33133F9DTUFBA	3	The battery works fine no problems at all I am so gad that you had a battery for my phone.  The battery works fine no problems at all.  Thank you.
R3VSDMFVFC9W6S	1	Did not work Pressing the button would not take a picture. I tried it with two phones. The directions said to download the Camera 360 app if the stock camera app didn't take a picture when the button was pushed. I downloaded Camera 360 but the button still didn't operate the camera. Needless to say I was very disappointed and returned it.
RXN4LXC99X8RW	5	Five Stars It feels very resistant to impact. I just hope it doesn't turn yellow over time.
R2JBUV81WKPOGO	3	decent and flexible The Stock A-V85 antenna on my UV-82HP performs better than this one, but this antenna definitely fits the bill if you are wanting a flexible antenna.
R1LQSKSLTU9KJQ	3	I would like to know if anyone else gets a single beep ... I would like to know if anyone else gets a single beep when starting your vehicle? It lasts for a second tops. Only beeps once when starting my car.
R5AAQLQK5IJR4	3	Three Stars Good!
R2H179A363MLSC	5	Working great I would recommend this product Working  great I would recommend this product
R3R39K82558DQM	1	One Star Is not genuine. Korean imitation!!
R3AQY3LD7RH9EL	1	Worked for a day then simply stopped responding to touch ... Worked for a day then simply stopped responding to touch. Day three the screen went black and never came back on
R3722LA43ZM95K	5	Great little earpiece for short term use Originally purchased it for use as a PC microphone that I could use without having to wear a whole headset. It worked well but I was limited by the battery life (about 3 hours) so didn't work well for longer gaming sessions. I wasn't too upset because it was only a few bucks. Now I use it while I ride my bike to college. Totals about 2 hours a day. I listen to music from my phone. It works well for this because it allows me to keep one ear open for situational awareness, and also because of how it is nestled in your ear it makes it very difficult to fall out. It sometimes causes me irritation if I wear it for too long, usually over 2 hours at once. But that is uncommon and very bearable when it does happen. I could not reccommend this earpiece more. It is very discreet and I have used it while working (at a bar) to listen to music and very few people noticed it. If you aren't sure about this earpiece I would say you should at least try it. For a few dollars it very well may surprise you.
R2LJV6PSFEQRIQ	1	Very disappointing This watch is a great idea BUT!  It took a full afternoon of repeated attempts to get the watch connected.  It was cool for 2 weeks then for no reason, the watch disconnected.  I repeatedly tried to connect.  Uninstalled and re installed the watch manager many times.  There is no responsive customer service from Meta Watch.  I do not recommend this watch.  It has been a great disappointment.
RUPJKPBJPVH0A	5	Good product, great price Works as expected. Good product, great price.
R1HOAYCJTYFK87	5	Five Stars Great picture quality
R261XBMW7NRJ8S	1	air bubbles won't away even with a squeegee! CRAP!!! 1 star! Watched their installation video and followed the isntructions but  air bubbles don't go away even witha  squegee.  Used 2nd protector. same thing. I've used a few other screen protector brands and this has to be the worst!
RQAUQ1RMCZ40X	5	Perfect fit for the back pocket on a pair of standard men's Levis jeans! Perfect fit for the back pocket on a pair of standard men's Levis jeans! Stick one of these in your pockets when you're out and about and traveling and put your cell phone in the other pocket and you're now walking around with more than twice the battery capacity you had before. If your phone is slim enough this charger pack will even fit in your pocket so you can charge on the go.  There are a lot of cheaper products out there but this one is definitely the thinnest and lightest one for the price point.
R1Q4RZA5YIYU7C	5	Five Stars Delivery was fast and product met my expectations
R2UG31DM7HRWSH	1	One Star won't fit
R3E21F89FGYR9F	5	Argon Bluetooth Speaker I love my Argon Technologies Bluetooth Wireless speaker. Its seemlessly connects to my Samsung Galaxy Note 5 and my iPad. The sound coming from this little device is large and clear. Great product for the price.
RXFY5D2VXDH64	5	Five Stars Great product, this shield is much cheaper then anything anywhere else and works just as well!
R2FMAWOYBNHZEB	5	Five Stars good product
R3D3VYDSRUQEXZ	5	Five Stars Cheaper than apples and works just as nice.
RP7NY0K276CN8	5	Perfect iPhon 6 Clip Case Nice case, fits the iPhone 6 with Spigen Slim Armor Case perfectly.
R3JCKD61XD3BFE	5	Best case I've ever bought Best case I've ever bought, thats saying a lot! Fit and finish are outstanding. Quality build and protects the phone like it should.
R8WB4GU1IWQ8T	2	Bought it and stuck it in the car port, ... Bought it and stuck it in the car port, but did not use it for months.  Then discovered that it will not power up an iPad or iPhone.  Too late to return.  Oh, well, live and learn.
R3CZSFEIGLVHZ7	1	These are absolute junk. Pay whatever extra money and ... These are absolute junk. Pay whatever extra money and get something that fits your I-pad. By the time you cut these to fit. you have a sharp edge on the sides that catches on everything. Pure and simple trash!!!
R3H9BFMWX34EYF	5	Good could  be better! Like them but would not go out of my way to order them again. They are to worry. They don't lend themselves to being put away!
R3TDCFSOWQVS8U	5	perfect in every way perfect in every way. Charges with no problems. It does take some time to charge this unit, but it charges phones and ipad very fast.
R325XKZQLD2C8Q	5	prefect for a workout at the gym :) I like that there are two options to secure the armband since I'm slim and was worry it wouldn't fit my smaller arm. But it did. The touch screen still works under the plastic cover. :) The slot for the earphone was open and easy to locate. It was also easy to insert your phone inside and pull the cover tab over to protect it. There's even a little slot to place one key inside. Only thing is that I did feel a little sweaty underneath it, even thought it was suppose to be sweat-resistant. But overall very good product. The armband did what it was suppose to do and stayed in place while I run at the gym. I received this product at a discounted price in return for my honest review.
R1MWB9PKTSB4AD	5	Great product Easy setup. Nice design and I like the added led lights while phone is charging. Charges phone about as fast as standard charger. I drain the battery nightly and simply place my phone on top before bed and wake up to a fully charges phone. Cheaper than some other 3rd party chargers and more visually pleasing in my opinion. Great buy.
R1SASQU5DCJ40W	5	Perfect Replacement The cable is the Samsung OEM cable and works perfectly.
R25UEG1LXZ68Q5	5	Anker makes excellent 3rd part products for all mobile devices Anker makes excellent 3rd part products for all mobile devices.  They are my first choice of manufacturer, cable was 10 feet long, is thick and sturdy and works well.  Can't ask for much more
R2WTA5VQXM1WPN	1	even worst than Apple OE Works only one month, even worst than Apple OE.
R2AF5E1AI65J3S	3	Minimal Protection Packaging was almost non-existent, very cheap. Color was a lot brighter than expected as well. Cover itself seems very flimsy. It fit my phone okay, just doesn't feel like my phone is protected very well. If you are looking for just a case with minimal protection, this one fits the bill.  *I have received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review.*
R3CL5YZ3TSWGW8	1	Wouldn't even want it even if it was for FREE! Complete waste of money. Took forever to ship, opened the package and it was thin, flimsy, and bent out of shape. (There was no way an iPhone would stay in there, but what should I expect I guess) On top of that there was a tear in it! I contacted them to return it, and they said they needed a picture, I sent it. Did I hear a response?NOPE! Don't waste your money please! You worked too hard for that dollar!
R1QJGORQSK1E5H	3	I'd say more like 1.5 pack... So far it is what it says it is. My biggest complaint is that this &#34;2-pack&#34; only comes with enough to apply once. So after you use the supplied application tools you are left with only a glass screen to put on with no tools. Im not sure if I got a bad box or if they are just cutting corners to save money. Either way, it was easy to put on. Instructions are easy enough to follow. Biggest complaint is not being able to have tools to put on the second screen. I plan to use scotch tape when the time comes. I tried to save the tools supplied by reapplying them to the paper they came on but not sure if thatll work. The blue dust screen I feel is not going to hjold up. They should have supplied at least two of them.
R5OLJ1I4LIUR2	4	Excellent customer service Excellent customer service and product.
R12KJG7G1WQ4ON	5	Awesome Another great case from elago.
R2MW7Q67KLO1F6	5	Very good fit! Even come with a little key chain ... Fast shipping. Very good fit! Even come with a little key chain flashlight.
R2D1AYNGN51QJR	4	Four Stars Great
R3K4C88X16EBT6	4	Four Stars great
R2CP7FVYGVV3TL	4	The case is colorful but does not come with a ... The case is colorful but does not come with a strap. The hole is there but no strap for it. I was expecting it to have one. No biggie, just an FYI.
R1YYOMEWM10QWK	4	... work on my phone (Galaxy 3) due to some idiotic thing that Samsung added with the last update This doesn't work on my phone (Galaxy 3) due to some idiotic thing that Samsung added with the last update. It works like a champ on my husband's phone.
R37S92DX40DYBG	5	Good product I'm very happy with this.  I got tired of all the cables laying around.  This cleans up the clutter and they work great.
R2NJMWQ7VYSOLN	5	Great transaction Products as described and arrived very fast
R1O5FYCVZ368EX	5	Five Stars Fantastic product. Works beautifully for beach bumming and long camping trips if you need your iPhone. 
RE1RH7NFTP954	4	Four Stars You get what you pay for. Very cute though.
RSE610BVN356	3	Three Stars It's really nice and super light weight but breaks easily mine cracked the 2nd day
R1FDBHKCSN27FX	1	Add a layer of clear plastic in circle. If you like looking at a dust ring on your screen by all means buy it. The fact that they left the circle hallow is a fail. A thin sheet of plastic on the circle would of made the case perfect.
R3L6U7KIMICWTO	5	Recommended! Convenient and protective.
R17S6MGABZ3GJV	1	One Star The item was damaged and I couldn't send it bcck
R2PFWPN2KUV50B	3	USB Charger NOT Included Just received my LG Tone Pro Bluetooth Headset (HBS-750).  Was fully charged and paired with my Samsung Note 3 easily right out of the box. CONS: - The plastic is glossy and shows smudges and fingerprints. - Can't use while charging.  So far so good. Can't wait to fully test them.
R2DD8J6V4BLZGX	4	Four Stars good protection
R2GJ45WLRLVWA8	5	One happy customer! Super happy with this little demon. Cranks power and blows our old USB charger away. Also, it has two ports, which is perfect for our busy, phone greedy family. We always seem to have one or more charging in the car. Very thankful for this well made, efficient gadget with streamlined design, compact size, manufactured with good quality sturdy components. It was delivered quickly, with no harm, because it was packed well in a strong pvc casing. Seems like a very dependable high quality item. I was very lucky to receive this lightening fast usb charger at a great discount, but my reviews are always honest, and I take care reviewing and testing products. I have no reason to make false claims or compliment a product I don't believe in. This one is no exception and I highly recommend. Peace out.
R1VJWX0HQ54POA	3	Three Stars has anybody found this case for an iphone 6 plus? and help would be appreciated.
R2V846FGLHQJMV	1	Does not fit Samsung s5 Does not fit Samsung s5
RB207F3IKEGNS	4	it gets easily dead. My problem is the battery..it gets easily dead.
R368R1YWQ4GIDC	2	Not working They are really long yes, which is convenient. However, after about a months' nightly use my first one has stopped working. I keep getting an error that tells me 'this device is not supported'
R3LDZR3Y7VLY28	1	bad quality, cannot cover the screen bad quality,cannot cover the screen,easily dirty.
R2R0SLIDBGPJ6	4	Four Stars it was great and sounds good.
R1VRJ6MIKDG9V1	5	Five Stars This is a perfect phone to buy if your on a budget or not.
R3VY9EI9IVJVWD	1	One Star You get what you pay for... it broke the 2nd day I had it
R3NB6BWXZ4B3O1	5	Five Stars I'm happy with the cable.
R1UTGV8B83B7UZ	3	Three Stars Nice cover for the back but doesn't do anything to protect the front.
R1V5OQDX24PVOC	5	I am perfectly happy with this case I bought this because I've recently started working on a building site and didn't want my phone getting clogged up with dust and dirt. But I also work in a bar and decided to test the ruggedness of the waterproofness(?). So I decided to put some paper in it and put the case through the dishwasher there and the case came out unscathed and the paper as dry as it should be. I am perfectly happy with this case
RNPNKC7YGSN4U	1	One Star Sux that this took like a month to come in and it doesn't fit
R1DR944LI81V6A	3	Not in love with the gold but it'll do. Meh...the color is not so great but I only use this for the club when I need my ID and cell phone handy. It'll do for now but I woudln't recommend the gold case. It def has more of a blah brown to the majority of the case...only the pocket is a pretty gold color.
R35ZC2OB75FLCQ	5	Five Stars great one i like it
R2JKMGYM9FQT5K	1	Nope This stuff was pretty bad.  It worked great for the first week, and we had read about the wire shorting out in other reviews, so were careful, but it shorted out pretty quick and became rather touchy as to whether or not it would work, depending on the day or the weather or what the heck ever.  Now it only works out of one speaker sometimes, so we're definitely going to look for a different one.
R3DBGQX8WEVVB0	2	Good case but takes awhile to charge back up and ... Good case but takes awhile to charge back up and makes a whining sound while charging the battery pack back up.
R3DK7S55KTDVWA	4	Four Stars great speakers. was really shocked by  the sound considering the price
R1SJ07J8WI5K27	4	... lens but I didn't expect it to be 100% perfect given its not that expensive It gets kind of blurry on the edges of the picture when I use the wide range lens but I didn't expect it to be 100% perfect given its not that expensive.  Overall, I really like the product. I would definitely recommend it.
R3U6RLWNMS84HB	1	These headphones lasted about a week before shorting out. ... These headphones lasted about a week before shorting out. If I could give them a zero that would be my honest rating.
RPK3E9499KTHF	2	I really expected a better build quality from these This was OK at first, but after 4-5 uses of 1-2 hours each, the right ear bud does not work. I really expected a better build quality from these. My kids' wired earbuds from the dollar store have lasted longer.
R3813F1AJ2DWPC	5	Great phone.  Beware new Kitkat SD card limits Great phone.  This was an upgrade from S3mini, and it meets all needs, except one important one.  Kitkat operating system does not allow 3-rd party apps to write to the SD card, so it is not possible to use ES explorer or other apps to move files from PC to phone without plugging the phone into the PC.  This is a significant downgrade in capability, and I may have to root this phone to fix it.  I will wait till it is out of warranty to try, before I do.
R2NGV42DKAXSNF	5	Five Stars I loved it, perfectly fit for my phone.
R31WPYKVNRU79O	5	Loved it Bought this case for my husband. So far it has worked like a charm. He likes it a lot and has no complaints.
R25NA0OCGAEBVY	5	love it! Love the color and smoothness of the case!!!
R29AQ8KN79JOYB	4	Good price Daughter loves it.  She picked it.
R2FBS4OLJP4YXY	5	Work with my note 5. Love it, It's work with Galaxy note 5. It say fast charging when you plug it in. It take about 1 and a half hour to fill it to up from 5-100%. But it dose not work with my Sony z3.
R2E0J8H30G4ZTH	5	Five Stars Great product and works great.
R1Y3F44CBCEL8C	1	Not sturdy Plastic piece holds phone on top and bottom. Cracked the first week.
R2TW393UCNHS6B	5	Five Stars Great
RV5GUBTVSNH4U	1	One Star This is weird....it does not fit my HTC1, Its to small.
R28VYPEHB6FPAK	5	It is easy to grip Flashy, flashy, flashy!!!  I was looking for a bit of flash and this case has it.  The case holds my phone perfectly.  It is easy to grip.  Great price for a very nice case.
R35LOI53Y412W6	4	I like this case I like this case.  It's slim and protects the HTC M8 fairly well.  Looks really good on the phone and feels good in hand.  The only negative is that the silicone piece fits really loose.  The could have made it a little tighter on the side but it's not an issue once you have it on.
R155DFOA5WN5CI	2	first time i "tried to attach" the legs, first time i &#34;tried to attach&#34; the legs, the base broke into many sharp pieces resulting in a large cut in the palm of my hand
R2B9X2ZCOFZY5W	1	Doesn't fit the Phone! Very disappointed with this product. The screen protector was supposed to fit the phone perfectly but instead I ended up having to cut it down as it was 1/4&#34; too wide on both sides, not to mention that none of the pre-cut holes really lined up either. I ended up using all 3 before I got it even close to the size it was supposed to be and looking decent.
R36NJ5TPGWGKRD	5	Great deal. Didn't realize this came with 3 screens ... Great deal. Didn't realize this came with 3 screens when I got it, which was a nice surprise. The screen was nearly fool-proof for applying cleanly and perfectly aligned with all the hand tools included. There's a link to the video instructions to make the application easy to understand. Recommend this product
R1K4CFOOMEFAXW	5	Five Stars Exact item needed and received..... Quick shipping and inexpensive!
R2MP4831IUYKRJ	1	One Star DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY... THE PINK FADES INTO THE WHITE VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!
R9YT8C4RYFPCC	5	Really Good Quality For The Price! The SoundBot SB735 is a really nice headset. Firstly, in the box you get the headset, then you get a black box which contains a USB a user manual and lastly smaller ear tips. Now the headphones themselves feel very high quality. You have the back, forward, and pause and play on one side. Then on the other you have the volume up, down, and the button to pick up calls. Other then that there is a flap on the left side which has a usb port you can use to charge the device. The ear pieces are magnetic so if you hold them by the end of the body they automatically go in their holder. These magnets are pretty strong and don’t let the earpiece hang loose unless you want them to. They fit nicely into your ears and there are different eartips provided to fit your ear. These are very comfortable as you don’t even feel like they are on. You can even lay down with these and you won’t feel as though they are there. These are very easy to connect to your device as you turn them on then you turn on the bluetooth on your device and then click on the name of the headset and your done. As for range these are great you can be around 25 to 30 feet away from your device and these will work great. The microphone on these is really good and produces crystal clear audio. You can clearly hear the person and there is no audible static in the audio. As for what you hear these are great the sound is really good and clear. You will have no problem hearing the person when using these. If you want to use these for music they are good too. I would place them right above your average headphone, like something that you might get with your phone. These have great bass, so if you are someone who listens to bass heavy music these are great. As for battery life these last a long time you get around 10 hours of battery life if you use them non-stop, but if you use them lightly you can last a couple of days. For a price of just under $20 these a great buy and they sound amazing.
R2LFIBKRDT668A	5	Good choice Nice case for a low price
R3SVQ4SUH052JP	5	Five Stars Great buy
R3U6L3GAICPSPS	5	Five Stars Perfect case for my new phone
R1AXDEQL32DPB1	5	Above and Beyond This case holds up to all Maxboost says it does. I was very impressed. Far surpassed my expectations!
R2ABZ0XMJNQFUE	5	Fit the phone great. Exactly as described! ! Fit the phone great.
R3MYDLO4DTXUJ7	5	Five Stars Great product, packaging is on point and includes lots of extras to install it.
R30H220V5HJB2Z	5	Excellent to Gift Very good, I bought one before and is excellent, thats was the reason because i bought another to gift
R1HB98DGJNIXCI	5	Works well... So far. [[ASIN:B00VH8L1U2 Anker [Apple MFi Certified] PowerDrive Lightning 12W iPhone Car Charger with 3ft Lightning Cable for iPhone 6s / 6 / 6 Plus / 5s / 5, iPad Air 2 and more - Retail Packaging - Black]] So far, it works well. But having been stung a few times by car chargers that fail after a few months' use, I am going to wait for at least six months before waxing eloquent about this product.
R37A81XVBUI4YD	1	Epic fail After two weeks, the battery is no longer recognized by my phone (no error message just does not recognize). Boo-hiss. Very disappointing.
R1II261BLMXV9L	5	Five Stars Great price!  Fast shilling!
R2EWD4J20Y46J7	5	Five Stars Came super fast (about 3 days) and is exactly what I expected, definitely recommended :)
R3LZXXPI1FM5JU	5	good deal about like base gm speaker s that were bloon great fact replacement speaker thank you
R3KVKJOTZUQ2D6	1	Tried all 3 charger wires. One of them never ... Tried all 3 charger wires. One of them never worked! And the other 2 only worked for about 3 days each.
RZUUBE1LJEN34	1	Awesome delivery, fast and received as described and few ... Awesome delivery, fast and received as described and few extra things.  Thanks  However case screen cracked within a month.  Booooo
R15IQ7C3P8935D	1	One Star Mine broke in a couple of days.
R1IZD2U014PY9Q	1	One Star Complete junk. Didn't last a full day before the clip came apart and the case doesn't fit the phone.
R2AB2S84WM5XF8	1	STAY AWAY Within the first 2 hours, I had to re-pair with my bluetooth headset 12 times.... just sitting, no movement.  The last time it dropped, I turned it off, reseated all of its connectors, started the pairing and got only static.... now the dang thing doesn't even pair. Another example of worthless Chinese manufacturing.
R2JL915FVC47ES	2	Cheap Feel, Dull Color This is nothing like what you see in the picture. It looks and feels very cheap, especially when it comes to color. There is nothing &#34;gunmetal&#34; about it. However the case does fit the phone perfectly and the buttons feel good, except the spacing will take a bit getting used to.
R18OF3BHD7OJED	1	Instruction sheet SUPER SMALL, written by someone who has never had ... Never could get it to work, 2 weeks still not working, Instruction sheet SUPER SMALL ,written by someone who has never had to install one
R2H0V9N8YKXIJ0	1	One Star Only the mouse worked on me... Keyboard won't work...
R2GXEQAK1IXJGQ	2	Two Stars Didn't work well. We had to return it.
R37DWNIWBW9TFA	1	One Star No one can here you during phone calls.
R3FGTHND4MC4CB	1	Poor quality. Charge cuts in and out, charger is less than a month old.
R1CT0IXZ86PBU8	5	Love the band exactly like the apple sport band without ... Love the band  exactly like the apple sport band without the high price will purchase all colors received very quickly.
R3NR1MA9T6Z7AQ	5	Good quality for a great price Great quality, no tangle, work great for phone calls. Love the color! I'd recommend for someone who wants a great pair at a great price.
R18CQRYOOI1N7U	5	this was a gift for a friend of mine, ... this was a gift for a friend of mine, she says she likes it, the delivery came in a day and a half.
R15DI2RJ0LSCIA	5	Great battery time. Lots of standby power and very comfortable and well made.
R1OS20BI19PN66	5	This case fits like a glove This case fits like a glove. The phone sits in the case like it is supposed to and it doesn't feel flimsy or anything. The rubber part of the case gives a better feel on the phone and helps with the grip while the plastic part helps with the protection.
R33KJPLP43TKNG	4	Not to bad Very good product only missing a screen cover
R1EAZDOUC76USJ	5	Doctor Who meets Van Gough It looks soooo good on my phone. I get complements on it all of the time.
R2JCRGL65HGUGS	3	Looks nice, but the beads come off Purchased it for my wife's new 6 Plus and although she loved it, the &#34;bling&#34; started to come off shortly after she started using it.  The plastic cover is strong, much like any other plastic cover you see.  However with it being in her purse the majority of the time, I believe that caused the bling to to start coming off.
R17WIEINJPKFR5	5	The best phone case I just got this case.  It's great looking, fits my phone perfectly and has a solid grip.  This is the nicest phone case I've ever had.
R1N7Z1NKNLGT4O	2	Bad mic The sound is good, the microphone is horrid. Everybody I call say that the sound is muffled. Would not buy for phone use.
R174C1UAI5Z913	5	Five Stars Its prefect for my galaxy 4 , just fit in
R3LU3SY069TBHO	5	Five Stars Good piece
R1X4O4HACJVNTM	5	Five Stars Great case does as it should!
R347790PDGPAC6	5	Good fit Cover fit well and I was able to use the phone without a problem.
R377025AZHI0F3	2	Don't buy no matter how pretty you think it is Don't buy no matter how pretty you think it is. This case is flimsy, the edges don't snap shut like they should to lock it in place. The case is heavy too. I loved my old casemate case for my iphone5 but this case was a big disappointment.
R3FQ8W408RE7M7	5	Five Stars waterproof
R1RH04CF0FWS3K	3	I have to keep re-pairing. Seems to work ok. I do seem to have to re-pair every time I use it so that is a hassle but once paired it works great. I use a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.
R3OAMRYH1A3IB4	1	One Star Stopped working after 10 uses approximately
RM3OE4IWD7AX	4	Product ok but not a USA Seller as stated! The product is ok but I don't like the fact that it says USA Seller and it came from China!  I think Amazon needs to watch this more!
R3ADOSU7IYANG5	3	Good bandaid fix Fixed my broken screen on my s3, but slowly began letting dust and pocket lint in under the screen. Had to let it go after two months. Make sure to get the 3m tape!
R1IM8BM50QL56F	5	Good purchase. Fast shipping Works really well. Good purchase. Fast shipping.
R17FWK10GGPGT	5	Great customer service and exactly the product I needed Exactly what I was looking for and got it quick.  Great customer service and exactly the product I needed. Thanks, Jim
R2ROW1J7YP2ZQU	5	iPhone 6+ Case I love this case. Does not add weight to the phone. It is not bulky. Does provide some protection if dropped. Understand not Ottabox level of protection but I personally do not need it.
R4RZBSNFLWTYB	5	Now my phone works great! It is a little complicated to change battery My old battery would not keep a charge...at all...I ordered this one, my husband & I watched a video on how to replace it & my husband replaced the battery. Now my phone works great! It is a little complicated to change battery, lots of little parts...be sure to watch the videos!
R3CARIMEC8CEG6	3	Three Stars doe not keep up well
R6J7VGH4XIC8U	3	Doesn't work for Windows phone Doesn't work with Windows Phone, but works great with Android
R1IJNQX42RO7RO	5	Five Stars Great!
R1803ZTQF11WU	5	Works excellently This cord works as well as my apple cords do.
R3KASQHT1HPKV	5	Five Stars Very nice.
RQ1X953QI6DFE	5	Five Stars Perfect wall charger for iphones!  Would buy again.
R3FAK0KWL4GKZ7	4	Great product for the price point, but needs more compatibility. Hubby and I purchased these to help get us focused on becoming more active.  We were disappointed to discover they do not communicate with Hubbies blackberry or even our samsung tablets, but my S5 works great with them.  Downfall of that is Hubby has to wait until he is home from work to enter all his food and see his progress.  I do like that we have a team of others using Jawbone, so we are able to encourage each other and hold each other accountable when we stop following our activity goals.  We all had a hiccup this past weekend when the server didn't appear to be tracking properly.  According to my Up I didn't take a single step until 2 pm, but I was up and walking by 10 am that day on a beautiful winery tour.  Our whole team had similar issues that day.  Otherwise, neat little product.
R2N0BCY2JXOYGC	5	Using it as a tablet! Excellent phone! I am using it as a tablet (no phone service) and it's much better than tablets, unless you need a larger tablet to double as a laptop. The size is perfect for my stocky hands, and at less than 5 ounces, it beats even a small tablet, like Fire HD 6, which weighs over 10 ounces. The screen size is the same as iPhone 6 Plus, and for a good reason. Anything bigger than this would be awkward to carry around. The sim card from my defunct tracfone (LG840G, which is not even an Android phone) works in my POSH. It just sees it as a new sim. Of course, if you want to have a cellphone service, you will have to purchase a sim from a service provider (AT&T, T-Mobile, Straight Talk, etc). The screen resolution (1280x720) is quite adequate for all practical purposes; it comes out to about 267 ppi. So far (after a couple of weeks of usage) I would highly recommend this phone, if you want an Android phone (or a small tablet). Note: if you intend to use it only as a tablet, then turn on the airplane mode, so it won't be constantly searching for a cell signal, as it will drain battery. Then turn the WiFi on (in this order).
R1MR3EKPRWJSFV	5	Five Stars Bought this wallet for my fiance,  she loves it!
R1U6FOL8TMIS22	5	Five Stars excellent product!
R2AIV8JTIT7I87	4	product is perfectly fine. However I'm returning since it doesn't fit my ... Your case..product is perfectly fine. However I'm returning since it doesn't fit my husband's phone, even though it looks (on Amazon site) like it should.
R36MFL13YPVU5W	5	I basically never take my vivofit off and have put it through some pretty tough situations--the display still looks brand new I have been using these on my Vivofit 2 for months now. I basically never take my vivofit off and have put it through some pretty tough situations--the display still looks brand new. This is cheap insurance and if you have a vivofit you NEED these.
R1J4GK34JDFCBU	5	Five Stars Loves it
R3EYXWVHNA28ZQ	5	Works I've had a couple of screen protectors for my Note 4 and this is the best so far.  It does have a gap around the edges but that is necessary due to the curvature of the screen
R1OP4DURH7MFQ0	5	Best thing I have ever bought on here Best thing I have ever bought on here.  Used hundreds of times.  Saves my life on road trips. Fits ipad perfectly, easy to adjust and mount.  Very easy to use.  Great value!
RDDRHC91345EX	5	Great!!! Kept my phone dry and damage free while working in the Everglades. Very happy with this purchase.
R3OLAAZJEALNXJ	5	Five Stars Battery works great.
R35O7FELF5GGGT	2	ok Great thought however it doesn't fit perfectly. I had to use pliers to remove from my phone.
R1WQX5EWAM516J	5	Five Stars work really well in Haiti...charging all I need
R2TR1I39ST92DO	5	Great great great!!!!!!! I love it no problems no complaints.
R1CTKDBYCVKCPO	1	Did not work The unit did not work!
R28K5UZLLYIAYG	5	which is good. It's a very cheap price but the quality ... It came earlier than I thought, which is good. It's a very cheap price but the quality is actually really good. It came as it said it would, it's nice and soft and well, clear 😂 I recommend to buy this case if you'd like.
R1T4M3LGBR4TGI	5	Five Stars Love it !
R30HWU3VL70RLF	5	Five Stars Worked as needed, arrived with all parts as advertised.  Arrived on time.  No issues.
R3JISD8Z94VW6M	5	Great Bluetooth headphones Great headphones, so easy to use
R1QYFURZBVGD56	5	Five Stars Works very good !!
R16JVIZ7ZWSFQY	4	Four Stars I have an otter box and this case fits very tight.
R1ZFWQUO98HY40	5	Great phone! I'm a month into using it and ... Great phone! I'm a month into using it and am really loving: how it runs on lollypop the camera and light gestures the battery life ( I usually have &#62;50% battery left by the end of a moderate use day) the voice control.
R8NF3NLXDJM31	5	Five Stars It fit my phone it came right away it has chargers  and stuff
R12KSBBNEIJNYT	1	Good idea gone wrong. It has quick charging for all those power users with compatible phones but it started to smell like if it was burning, it got extremely hot and almost burned my hand when i unplugged it.
R1631L9TDKNUPD	4	This phone is out of my hand but it's working ... This phone is out of my hand but it's working and the person who receive it is loving it no complain no problem man
R31C9JERI7H6B2	3	It works! It works
R1PY4HJIE1L3B	5	Five Stars Great Bluetooth works good
R3MIYFPARF32SJ	5	Bought 2 of these as they work very well. ... Bought 2 of these as they work very well. If/when I lose or put it through the washing machine, I'll repurchase the same one again.
R284MNR16FW2Q4	4	The car mount is easy to attach and release The car mount is easy to attach and release, and once the phone is affixed to the mount, it seems pretty secure - it hasn't fallen off.  However, the combined weight of the phone and the mount tends to close the vent.
R2SQ173XSOS2JS	5	Just beautiful!!! Just beautiful!!! These are so pretty and handy!! I can carry my phone, credit cards, ID and cash and I dond have to carry anything else!!  Perfect!!!!  I received a discount on this item for an honest review.
REPLBOYJUFSXS	5	Five Stars Great
R3BG9BKU1ODIA	4	awesome and entertaining charger cord! Love this cord, works great with my iphone 6, gives a fast charge and is entertaining to watch!
R3384ITL1XMFNW	5	Great~ Really enjoyed this case! The quality is good and the color is nice, but the purple shade is a little bit different in person. Other than that, everything is great! The only thing that would make this better is if it had a wrist strap.
R3A02QGQ2XEOU3	5	Use The Force, Luke.... This thing is pretty cool, and keeps getting cooler.  The dev team behind it is quite active, adding functionality often.  It takes a bit to get used to, and there are still some quirks, but almost everything is configurable through a simple GUI, so you don't need a dev background to put limiters on The Force.  My amputee friends from the military love that this technology is being developed on a more commercial basis, and hope that use of such devices will not remain a novelty, but become mainstream.  I have to admit, I'm almost to the point in Outlook where reading my email with this thing is faster than my keyboard.  Which means it's almost ready for mainstream.  I think the price tag is worth it, and I think the configurability from the GUI allows anyone to really love this thing within a few minutes of putting it on.  I have to say, it was a cool reaction I got in my first meeting where I made a fist and a blue pointer showed up on the wall screen to underscore the service flow I was trying to demonstrate.  I was wearing a long-sleeved shirt, so everyone was looking for a device attached to my computer, and couldn't.  It was great.
R1TLAPN46WPYXF	5	Five Stars Great product. it fit and was easy to install
RAC59TPKIVKGA	5	Five Stars I do not have nething negative to say about my purchase it came quick which that was a plus
R2HJ87BIRGKZI6	1	Cheap Product Dissapointed in this product. Really cheap and I am going to have to buy another case. I do not recommend this product. I do not have any problems with the seller.
R1W4TNDPV0ND06	5	Five Stars Product is exactly what I wanted!!
R3G6GYOTNOFDOZ	4	I'm very happy with it I'm  very happy with it.
RLAUMH0Q8RJMO	5	best $10 I ever spent! Best $10 ever spent! I initially had issues with pairing it with my older iPhone, but thanks to some reviews on Amazon and great response from customer service I had the headphone on paired with all devices! :) I used it 9-5 every day and it is awesome! Couldn't be happier - perfect for long calls or Skype!
R10MLOQUWN9C99	5	I absolutely love this case I absolutely love this case. I ordered one for my husband and when I saw the quality of his I had to have one for myself as well. It fits the phone like a glove and I believe it will do a great job of protecting it. My husband dropped his on concrete and not only did it protect the phone, but there was not a scratch on the case either! I ordered the blue/black and it looks awesome. Also, I have not found that the flash on my camera turns my pictures the color of the case as some people said. And the screen protector seems to be very good quality, not cheap and plasticy like some said; I can't even tell it's there. I honestly like this case better than otter box. Would highly recommend it.
R2VVBHXHHIW1TY	5	Five Stars Love it
RJOUCFA6FKZO	5	Five Stars excellent - a little pricey but looks and works great
R2CQZ0KCV33N3J	1	horrible service The case is nice but when I received it, it was broken
REZ7M25C5J07C	1	One Star Broke within a month...
R3L3JY5WPZAKIQ	5	I love this! Keeps all the cords and devices well ... I love this!  Keeps all the cords and devices well organized!
R1FAMG89H62THO	2	not really worth returning at this point but still disappointed with the quality as my $5 gas station charger ... I bought this charger for my move across the country and it worked well for the week I used it every day. I have used it maybe 3 times since then and now it doesn't charge my devices. I tested the cable and cigarette lighter with another charger and they both worked so I knew it was the charger. not really worth returning at this point but still disappointed with the quality as my $5 gas station charger has somehow outlasted this one.
R36WWKUBHC1QZK	5	Five Stars i love it
R35Y54KECB1WU2	5	Super fun iPhone 6 Case I purchased this at a discounted price, during a promotion, for my honest and unbiased opinion. I got this for my daughter as a joke. She loved it so much but doesn't keep it on her phone all the time. Her job wouldn't be to pleased to see the language on the case. However, she does put it on when she's out and about. The iPhone 6 Case fits perfect and easy to put on and take off. My daughter is obsessed with phone cases, she has one to match all her outfits, mood or purse. So having this one that's fun is perfect for her because she can take it off easily. It doesn't crack like some of the other cases she has. So when she is in a kidding mood she puts this one on, plus black matches everything. I recommend this iPhone 6 Case from YouVogue
R1TLEJWON6UBEM	4	Four Stars Love it
R3CQZCMUWHW48S	4	Four Stars Cute, but doesn't come up around sides to protect front if dropped.
RKDRTGU5FFWIQ	5	Awesome The best case ever
R3LTF254CRVVM1	5	Went on easily. No glare and has protected phone perfectly Exactly as described.  Went on easily.  No glare and has protected phone perfectly.
R3PL4NS7WPFTRX	5	Five Stars Worth it. Everyone needs this!
R1VVXOY1C2PWFQ	5	Five Stars It really looks like the picture, I recommended :D
R30EWGBK2O26UE	5	Lightweight power bank, good for 1 charge Wife and daughter use one of the larger battery power banks, that are good for 3-4 charges, but size is a pain to lug around.  I wanted something smaller in size and weight, just good enough for one charge.  This power bank fits the bill, have already put to use a couple times when sightseeing and smartphone was running low after many pictures, googling for maps, and other uses.  Easy to recharge, extremely satisfied.
R2B33311JCXVE6	1	hate it I hate it. It looks good but while trying to put it on my phone it wants to reset my phone to factory settings or down load something that I don't even want or need. I can't get it on my phone completely without problems.
R2WOC7UC86NCLU	1	One Star front cover broke off right after opening item.  Gave as a gift.  Very disapointing!
R31ZN054XS5OUN	4	Pretty great overall It's pretty great, fit's perfect. It was a bit difficult to get on though and the top isn't completely closed it looks like because of how hard it was to put on the case.
R1B5VD2A3L99KZ	5	Five Stars Awesome thank you fast shipping
R13PR84KIY8W1	5	Five Stars It´s the best phone ever
RN42UY32HJB1O	4	Four Stars Like it so far. I didn't get to try it in the shower yet.
RMQ85PJKVB1WD	5	great senior phone easy to use for seniors, even for fat fingers.  SOS button works well (my 2 year old accidentally used it!)
R4PHQ8I6FOD6S	5	Five Stars I love it.
RVIKJFFIR9PAH	5	Five Stars Remember Matthew 7:21
R2KK4KODLO3ESY	3	The only problem I have with this is item is ... The only problem I have with this is item is pin that holds the clamp to the the case keeps sliding out of the clamp. I have caught it three times.
R1F9SJNFDMVN5S	5	Great phone holder for my Trek bike great holder for my iPhone 5s.  Just what I was looking for - to use MapmyRide on my bicycle trips.  My phone is already in a shock proof case and fits nicely in this holder.
R3K8L8713W1BGQ	1	Piece of JUNK!!!!! Piece of junk do not buy this radio....ive had it in my car for a month and a half and the screen stopped working i want my money back
R3L47FD09ZTGHQ	3	It is difficult to put on a case that will comfortable fit with the tall edges at the end of ... Product comes with one major flaw - the edges are not rounded. This causes a problem in three areas: 1. The home key is nestled deep down and does not naturally taper off. This (in myopinion) is uncomfortable and makes touch ID less impactful 2. It is difficult to put on a case that will comfortable fit with the tall edges at the end of the screen. (Two cases - both Spigen and different models - did not fit correctly because of this. 3. The 'swipe up feature is incredibly frustrating to use because of the added thickness. It worked for me about 33% of the time
R1OOMRT4H6OQ8Q	5	Five Stars Love this phone.  I have owned 3 and will probably buy again.
R3VCK6HE7YF87V	4	Very good substitute for otterbox Very good substitute for otterbox.  It is more streamlined but seems to give the same type of protection for a fraction of the price.
R3BWDYD317IDID	1	Waste of time and money did not fit phone, un usable...waste of money
R1V7TFDX14SI6F	5	Amazing! This case is amazing! It is light weight and protects my phone. The built in screen protector is very clear. I am buying this brand for all my families phones.
R8I3XBHFIP61M	5	Great phone case. Great case. Would definitely buy again from this seller.
R3G5AMUWGMP0OX	5	Five Stars Very good
RQIRN4DKEPO2O	5	Five Stars great!
R1QCM8C2655H69	3	had to use a bandsaw to trim the clamp so ... had to use a bandsaw to trim the clamp so it would close fully on a standard boom style microphone stand.
R1ZBMGXUW1SKFE	1	One Star It work thanks
R30JHTNS8YO13Y	5	Five Stars Great value and they really dont tangle up!
R1DN7H8UJWIZNU	5	Improved Touch Screen Everything went well, fits great, improved touch on the screen.
R1XC36JZR04QEP	5	Mitzz the stick is amazing. works perfectly with my iPhone 6 and love the button on the handle, it's really cool, i love this selfie stick! Great price aswell.
R1B70UISTR7J60	2	Purchase a wristband with a better design I liked having a device that monitored my sleeping patterns and daily steps everyday but unfortunately, the UP 24 was just not designed properly. The small cap/mode button fell out after 3 months and once that happened the silver cap with the Jawbone logo wouldn't go back on properly. I contacted Jawbone and they sent me a replacement and guess what? The same thing happened almost 3 months to the day as well! I'm so over this wristband, its just poor design. In addition, this 2nd replacement wristband its silver cap started scratching my wrist and gave me a bad rash. I took very good care of both wristbands, never getting them wet so I can only imagine how much worse it would have been if I wasn't so careful with it. It's a shame, that they would continue to sell this model and allow people to waste their hard earned money. I'm looking into the Fitbit now.
R6ONXKHBK7P6U	5	Five Stars 👍🏻
RR6BAM6LVRK98	5	Excellent Pen Works beautifully with my iPad and also my iPhone
R2TKZ0MDN3OM9Q	3	IIt’s sturdy and protects well against fall but mine arrived scratched ... IIt’s sturdy and protects well against fall but mine arrived scratched and the design chips off pretty easily even on your pocket. . I keep mine because it was going to be used on a construction site so it was going to get scratch anyway. If you are looking for a case that look good for regular use this one is not the one.
R10TRNGPS9DGYH	5	Five Stars Love it! Works great for iphone once I downloaded the software.
R1W4IZGAROMI0D	5	Five Stars Great
R7NPPTS95D8T8	5	Videos just got easier! I absolutely love the JoyGeek Bluetooth shutter remote! This button is perfect for me. I review on Amazon, obviously. With this button I can create review videos with ease! The button hooked up to my iPhone 6 with no problems. And, it's so easy to use! All you have to do is go to your camera app, smile and push the button. If your going to do a video, it's the same process! I love how fun and easy this product is to use. I was sent the shutter button to test out and review. It is such a helpful product! I no longer have to reach across to cut my videos off. I am so thankful for this product!
RQFKGX7ZAZR5X	2	Two Stars It only works for a few months but you can't beat the price!
R367SQUYIAC9N5	5	Great Great case and fits amazing looks great to. Very fast shipping
R166GUME6I0VGO	5	Five Stars Perfect fit and easy to install
R147HGJ9PD2AG5	5	Five Stars My products are good !! Thanks
RLMRGZST3DBN5	5	Best Best case ever
R1ZZ3ZDC6CYV25	5	Five Stars The touch/feel of this protector is better than Apple's own glass coating.
R3A7YFUUK71A6Q	3	scratched really bad and really easy to peel off It was okay, scratched really bad and really easy to peel off.
R1P2VIEXOHFZOL	5	Sturdy and does exactly what I need it to do. Great! This stand is sturdy and does exactly what I need it to do. Fits my iPad Air 2, and my iPhone 6+ even in an Otterbox case. I use it mainly to hold my phone landscapewise at night as an alarm clock. 10/10 would buy again.
RUE086GD4AJ8Z	4	OK The speaker & microphone work well. The head band is a little long and fails to firmly hold everything in place.
R19273HLJVSTF5	1	One Star To big want stay in ear.
R22BVZJLC7X2K7	5	Five Stars Best iem's I've ever had.
R1QMU8C8ZLWY8E	5	Works great and is so much better than the typical "Phone Holder"! I love how simple it was to install and I appreciate how well it holds my phone.  My last car phone holder required that I place it in some arms that then clicked to hold it tight.  It was a pain to grab my phone.  Basically, putting it in or taking it out of the holder was a pain.  Not the case here.  It's a powerful magnet and you simply place your phone on it and it stays there.  Then when you want to grab it, it just comes with you when you grab it.  I did receive this product as part of a product promotion, but now that I've been able to try it out, I'm ready to buy another for my other vehicle!
R17XHVCP6IKSML	5	It's perfect when you just need a little bit more length I didn't even know extension cables existed until I was offered this one for review.  It's perfect when you just need a little bit more length.  It works great, phone charged fine.  You plug this into your phone cord to give it a few more inches.  It's great.  I was offered a sample of this product in exchange for an unbiased review.
R22R6HMPQYIPYZ	5	Five Stars It's good..
R3UHBBHGUSNTC7	5	Amazing phone!!! This phone is awesome, ive had allot of phones but this one is by far the best ive ever had, i owned the nokia 1020 and K zoom cause the camera on a phone is the most important feature, i loved both of those phones but this one is far better, the video's this phone produces are beautiful, if you were to buy this phone just for being a camera you will be extremely pleased, also the specs are good enough to play any game the android market has available, also the body of this phone is very nice, removable back plate for swapping battery, and metal frame are awesome, only negatives with this phone are no memory card slot and no optical stabilization. If you wish to see the video quality for yourself click the link below for my youtube channel.  https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLnWW7mkP6ToWFeUo_VrsKTwCUN5b2Hxqc
RVOYB760JAKCC	4	Four Stars fast chargin I used it in a S6 and a Nexus 5
R2FD9BAV3C9UF	5	Five Stars great
R129YHIMZLDK4H	1	not good. keeps on falling down not good . keeps on falling down
R24WSLXRFKQTT2	2	Protection yes. ..sensitivity no.... Seems as though it would protect.my phone well...however..touch sensitivity was greatly.deminished.....edge.features no longer worked easily.  Removed it after one week due to frustration
R23WWEQ87DYDZG	5	Veey good product Fits perfectly on the phone. All the slots for various ports are perfectly aligned.
R1U1Y23WFRO9ND	5	Ball joint assembled from the front makes it too loose ... Product did not work out for me but I was contacted by customer service and offered to try another product of my choice which worked perfectly for my needs.  I ordered a second one for my gf not only because I like the product but their customer service is outstanding.
R1ZL239NOZTQDJ	1	Cheap This was very cheap. The wire broke within three days. Dont waste your money!
R2MFGOZPH0BKA5	5	Five Stars Love it, good quality.
R3AZSS5LOV3JTQ	4	Its ok It still needs you to restart tablet before it will work
R1VMW5NI3LE3WV	5	Five Stars Great service. Good product.
R1G5GLWOPMJ5PO	5	Fantastic band Great band! Just what I wanted. Nice quality & design. Only downside is if you are a small female. I'm not extremely small but I do have tiny wrists. My band is set on the second to the smallest setting.
R2QOLQ6V7DEJLP	5	Luv the Luvvitt! Luv the Luvvitt.  Great protection, good color choices.
R2VVDR556TSROP	3	I like the concept BUT the back decal does not stay ... I like the concept BUT the back decal does not stay because the side edges keep lifting. I'm glad I order all colors because I had to throw two away. Adhesive needs to be stronger so there is no lifting. The first two I tried were ruined after one day of use.
RHGKD1KFEQQFV	1	Case makes screen shut off when using voice to text function Case makes screen shut off when using the voice to text function. I tried it with no case and there's no problem with voice to text and I tried it with my old case , also no problem. So I know it is the new case.
R210Y87NDUS3CD	5	Does the job It oes just what I wanted it for!
R1P1G69P7ZULZ6	5	Five Stars Does it's job. Nothing special. I use it every day.
RVC9Q47ML4UWF	5	Five Stars works great
RB4ZILFIFZ0WI	5	Love it! Great case and works flawlessly with the olloclip lenses
R3829JPX0GQ542	3	Three Stars It doesn't hold a charge for more than a couple days.
RGPM9FSRL6DGD	5	Must have for shiny white bamboo Moto X 2nd gen! The cover is chique, but lacks the dimple.  It fits like a glove and gives a very good grip. The screenprotector is difficult to use combined with the case...the screenprotector should be a little bit smaller.  The edge of the cover 'picks' on the screenprotector making it come loose in at least one corner. Never the less 5 stars because I bought a nice case and got the protector for free.
RH0C8E218VK4Z	1	Don't buy. Poor customer service. Unit quit charging and the seller didn't flinch after I sent an email... Go buy a brand called &#34;tenergy&#34;. You will pay a bit more but the build quality, reliability and customer service is superior.
RDY1NKHBVCMRW	5	It has been easy been east to get on and off So far this seems to be a very solid case.  It has been easy been east to get on and off, it is lite weight and not bulky at all.
R2NHJZ5PZLAKLR	4	Does it's Job well! Does it's job well....I have owned it for about 2 weeks now. Has been charging my smartphone well. Charges from about 50% to full in about 2.15 hrs, which is pretty good. I connect my cell phone on the 1 amp port. It was shipped from China, had to clean off the dust, but other than that, no complaints!
REVNCWRPSHJFB	5	Five Stars I love this case, I'm watching for it to go sale again. My brother inlaw wants one.
R1EUI9QO66O79M	5	Little and Mighty Great sound out of a little container. Works good with the phone and my Kindle. It was great to take on vacation to the beach. It shocked me when it paired to my phone. Great buy....
R3FE1350ZKOLLQ	3	Three Stars cute
R2GZDR8PASYY2R	1	Piece of junk This broke after 2 pictures. Huge disappointment.
R2TM1J8W24QE0U	3	Easy to use Bluetooth transmitter Just got it. Works so far.  But needed a 3.55mm extension cable so that I could position unit so that it could be seen from front of tv for controlling, monitoring, and pairing. I would have given it 4 stars  but I had to improvise to make it work for my particular application. I needed it to connect to a jack on the back of my tv which is against a wall. The transmitter has a switch and LEDS.  To make this visible I used an extension cable. I would definitely  buy it again  and can recommend it.
R3HEY3Z3BL7J2O	4	Performed as advertised ensuring the phone was protected when dropped ... Performed as advertised ensuring the phone was protected when dropped, however only issue was with regards to dust buildup between the cover and the phone which needed to be cleaned out every so often as I work in extremely dusty environments.
R1RMB36BYQN01O	5	Five Stars Keeping my screen safe as I write i this review. Solid and smooth surface
R2WEQZ0QDTJT13	4	Great charger! Could not fit in my wallet though This product was provided for a unbiased review.  [note] I was talking to the company for about a month trying to get the light adapter the sent me the wrong one a few times. But there lovely support time helped me and got me the peace I need.  [packing] This product came in a very well cushioned package and did not have any issues with it being damaged. But also I do feel they could have done a better job packing it but it's ok.  [design] This has a really nice look to it its one of the thinnest Wallet battery packs I could find. But sadly it will not fit in my wallet fits amazing in my pocket tho can't even feel it. The front has 4 blue LEDS that will like up to show you the battery percentage  [battery] This charger will hold 2000mah and it does amazing for a backup charger. I keep this In my back pocket if my iPhone suddenly dies on me. And it works amazingly  [charging] So this has a very unique way of charger. It uses to male ends and connects on them the to a USB to charger it's very different then other ones I have seen but it works! Also yes it's supposed to come with a 8-pin Lightning cable  Overall this is a amazing charger and would recommend to any buddy who need a quick pocket battery!  If you have any questions please feel free to a ask me in the comments  Once again this Product was provided for a honest I'm unbiased review.  -Hunter
RDUAV84EMHQMI	3	Does not work well with iphone Cute watch with many functions does not work well at all with iPhone and has no adequate software for it. So you can not use many fictions with apple products
R2B9DZJEXAK7CE	1	Doesn't offer much protection I bought this cover on Amazon after looking at all the reviews. Today my phone fell face down onto a concrete floor and the screen cracked. The point of impact was right on the side-edge of the case cover near the power button but the cover didn't absorb the impact. I don't recommend buying this cover.
RW66LYG68XD0F	5	Super easy to put on or remove and has protected ... Loving this case.  Super easy to put on or remove and has protected my phone from various drops of 3ft+
R32XYLFGZ59SHC	5	Five Stars Best case ever!
R7HR4ENK20V9E	5	Excellent Quality and Workmanship First I noticed that the quality of the parts in the box was of excellent quality.  All the parts fit nicely.  I tested everything and all worked as described.  Highly recommended product would buy again
R1JADYGUMHTF3R	1	One Star Very ugly!!
R2XR3IP7TD5QMO	3	Product OK, but .... My arm too small for this large iten.... though it fit my Galaxy Note 4 in its Otter Box.  So not the product problem.
RUAZBC7RBTERZ	3	Looks nice but breaks pretty easily..... Looks nice but breaks pretty easily.....
R20YD8OTLCII1F	1	Does not work on Tom Tom Via1535 This charger did not work for my Tom Tom Via1535 as stated on the website. When I asked to return the item I was told that I had to pay the shipping even though the product was misrepresented. Don't waste your money.
R3BE9Z9LFU481O	5	Awesome case! Hardly notice it compared to my old ... Awesome case! Hardly notice it compared to my old one. I love my rugged i-Blason case as well, but this is a nice touch when I don't want the bulk.
RLN3XJSN1ODQC	5	Five Stars Buy this if you want protection for your phone.
R3THRRCVU3JVAU	5	Five Stars Good product
R2HXF5Q18BNFR9	5	Amazing Very good amplifier!!!!!! My Vette now is rocking!!!! Very easy to install and very fast shipping!!!!
R1AIXTUB1N1XUR	5	Thanks Moose After years of trying to buy a disc Stylus that worked alongside my difficulty handling a pen properly, (I did fail handwriting throughout elementary school), I've found these extremely helpful in helping me to be able to read my own digital handwriting.
R3E7QGLA9O71Z0	4	... clasp coming from an up24 but overall I really like it. Tracking has improved Took a little while to get used to the new clasp coming from an up24 but overall I really like it. Tracking has improved.
R1QD9SDWHK5WDO	5	Impressive This bluetooth headset is working good. i am able to get a perfect fit for maximum sound quality. Bluetooth easily paired with my iPhone 5. Best
R1HUEW4M55NO0Z	5	Five Stars fits great
ROB1PM86S1O2	5	So far so good! Tested first in my house in a jar ... So far so good! Tested first in my house in a jar filled with water and day after sailing and in the beach.
RKOLHMRJ5J33H	5	It is the thinnest I've ever seen,love it! It is the thinnest I've ever seen,love it!
R3VNVSQ94PP5SV	5	Goes on the wheel easy. Pops off really easy Fabulously simple contraption. Goes on the wheel easy. Pops off really easy. Placing the phone in it & taking out also really easy. Can do it with one hand. One important consideration: if my speedometer was in the center & not off to the side, I would not be able to see it. All in all, really like it for when I'm using navigation or when I need to talk while driving. I ordered one for almost everyone I know.
ROV10FMRDY3T6	4	Great stick,  phone mount a little weak. Overall great selfie stick.  I had to order another phone mount  because my Galaxy Note 4 with Otterbox would not fit.  But,  the stick itself is sturdy.  Would be a little scared to even put smaller phone in mount because the spring is not the strongest.  I ordered a XL RetiCAM for stick  mount.  With that combo,  you will have top-notch unit.
R37GSL7URZ17X	5	this case is awesome! barely adds any size this case is awesome! barely adds any size, but gives great protection. I'd highly recommend it. I've tried 3 other cases and this is easily the best.
R3HHLYV8OFMLOY	5	Five Stars Fosmon MATT Series Rubberized Case for Samsung Galaxy S4 met my expectations.
RR6GGDOMA0XZ6	5	Waterproof Really satisfied with this item!!  8 yr old grandson dropped iPod in toilet. Was saved by this case!!
R1VKNMB1X7ZQX2	5	Five Stars thanks
RXEA9A4VWQ5NL	4	Decent grip once you figure out its supposed to clip ... Decent grip once you figure out its supposed to clip in with the phone sideways, so the clip is open as wide as the phone.
R1HPDJP7ASX12F	5	Five Stars Love it. I have the previous version as well. The smaller footprint, and light were great improvements.
R1BGB0DQJ02L4K	4	Good deal on charger and batteries. Works as advertised. Charger can be used to recharge both batteries included, as well as the OEM battery that was originally in the Samsung Galaxy S5.
R33NNSOATEMSHL	5	Five Stars Exactly what I expected
R1ZDWPLMJ4O315	5	recommended Good
R2ARG4I383WTN8	4	Great Case bought it for my girlfriend and she loved ... Great Case bought it for my girlfriend and she loved it. Took a bit to ship but it was well worth it for the price!
R18P2C7W4SZM5D	5	Great ear buds Great ear buds. Easy to work, great sound. Use mine while working out, no problems. Worth the long wait to get them shipped
R35OPP8MDAJ4P5	5	Five Stars Great product!
R1KTH7FIP7CO30	4	Great customer service! My original review was that these batteries were junk....however because of my 1 star rating the folks from Anker contacted me and sent me a whole new kit  including 2 new batteries and a charger... They sent several emails and even called me to make sure that I was happy with the order....  they get a 5 star for customer service...however after testing the battery for a month now the only thing is ...it does not quite last as long as the OEM Samsung....
R24QD2KSIQM9OH	5	Five Stars as expected
RZ5PO6AC75EPH	4	What you see is what you get. It was what I was looking for and exactly as expected. Can't ask for much more.
R1NR1A91PM4TLV	5	fits ballistic nylon case TPU or die
R1TS6DE2W3EJ5I	1	Scratches easily. Glad this was cheap Cheap plastics - feels cheap. Scratches easily. Glad this was cheap, it landed in the trash and not on my iPhone. My old Griffin case, is way better - even after 2 years of heavy use.
RUGDRNXUBZHN4	5	Deal man thank you My package  was lost but he responded and called until we both figured it out. I will continue to purchase from him. Recommend to anybody.
R2LSG2QC2ZH330	1	One Star Stopped scanning for WiFi and WiFi just sometimes work and sometimes doesn't.
R2H0RL2IZCRHT1	4	Four Stars Very nice i iwll buy it again.
R1FMEZ9Y7YW894	3	Three Stars all of them stopped working after a few days of use
R3ST206Q1RT9ZQ	5	Great Case I received this product free in exchange for a honest review. The case comes in a little plastic baggy. The case doesn't make your phone thicker or heavier at all! This case is super light you can barely even tell it's on there. Everything fits perfect and snug. The buttons function properly and this plastic case is not made cheaply it really is durable! Fits my iphone 6 spot on! Would definitely recommend!
R3U3HBVSWWHW6X	1	One Star I was able to reuse this about 4 times before it stopped holding a charge.
R16XXVNDA8XAT0	5	Great price. Is what it is. Does what it is supposed to do. Like it says, doesn't include hardware but I didn't need it in this case.
R3UROPV7ZNON9P	5	Love it Work great
R19D05J2UDPHWR	1	I must have gotten a bad one, it doesn't do a very effective job ... I must have gotten a bad one, it doesn't do a very effective job of charging my iPhone 6 plus.  Charge for it about 30 in the charge and the battery only increased for 10%. The two USB port worked better from Acepower worked better.
RLUCWJ716A24O	5	Buy it. Great case for a great price. Better than expected.
R1EZ878XMIT67K	5	The BEST Portable Battery/Charger on the Market! We've been using the Jackery Giant+ for almost 12 months now and we love it. We've used it everyday to charge phones, tablets, run our GoPro cameras at night for extended time lapse settings and so many more uses.  We recently reviewed the new Titan model which boasts an 18,000 mAh battery capacity while providing 2.4A of solid power to two devices at the same time thanks to the dual USB ports.  Charging the Titan only takes 11 hours for a full charge while offering 390 hours of continuous use.  The portable battery weighs in at almost 1lb. and you can note it's premium quality and build upon picking the unit up for the first time.  Jackery is the #1 premium brand on Amazon and they've earned my business. Any future portable charging needs and I'll be selecting Jackery again in the future. Full review here: http://youtu.be/5whV-ky4dPo
R3LOB9WU64B71C	3	A bit disappointed. I love the material this case is made from. Looks and feels great. The magnetic feature is AWESOME!  However, if you put in all four cards that the slots allot you the case does not close. I find this very disappointing.
R36YP8TBJVPU5Q	3	It was not the one to fit the cell phone ... It was not the one to fit the cell phone that i requested. It was also a gift, and it was so loosely fit that the person dropped the phone a couple of times because it wasn't properly secured due to case was wrong side. The last time the phone fell off the case, it broke, and didn't work anymore. I was do embarrassed because it was also a gift to my sister's phone.
R12YFZL6D2UVDL	5	Love this phone! Love it! But to be honest, I thought it was counterfit at first because of the package. How wrong was I, I'm writing my review on it.
R35Z8YCBFUFWV0	4	love it! the product is just awesome!
R1XVB7DLDXYGUG	3	because this is a pretty sizable USB charging unit Much larger than I expected. I guess I didn't look at the photo too closely or read the specs, because this is a pretty sizable USB charging unit. I bought it to replace an older Motorola dual charging block I lost, and was bummed that this was so big. (The Motorola one was the same size roughly of the OEM apple charger one gets with one's iPhone or iPod.) This does a good job of charging my iPhone and Acer tablet at the same time though, and tucked behind the bed, it's not really that much of a problem, but will keep looking for the same size dual USB charger that I had before.
RLIPRHQMX4FBC	2	and it prints just fine. See attached picture to see what colors did ... Shipped vacuum sealed without desiccant.  6 of the 12 colors had multiple breaks in them.  They did not ship all the colors shown in the photo. I have only used the filament to add a touch of color here and there in my e3d hotend, and it prints just fine.  See attached picture to see what colors did come in.  I even arranged them in the same orientation and put the extra colors off to the side.
R1NSHZTOLRB4K2	4	but my wristlet broke the dame day I got it :/ But it's great! Fits my phone,  my change, money and cards. Love it!
R2FZXB6WDEOZVD	2	Not bad for the price but it's getting more expensive which ... This band is ok. Decent quality. Received it in black as a gift. My GF bought it when they were priced under $10. Has had price hikes 2-3 times since. Not bad for the price but it's getting more expensive which lessens that &#34;pro&#34;.
R3B3MT2V3CDD7L	5	Five Stars Love this case :-)
R260MCFQJXLLNR	5	Five Stars Great protection for iPhone 6+. Everyone loves seeing me talk on the phone!
R1APSWFOJQMT6Y	1	I would not recommend. The top piece keeps coming off.  I would not recommend.
RMKUA3QMFZK4T	5	I love this handy phone I love this handy phone. I plug it into my sell phone in my office when I'm working. I heard you can get radiation from cell phones being close to you head. So I use this one to stop that. Plus it works great for using it on your computer for talking on the phone through the internet instead of through the computer {it's mac and pc compatible and works on any cell phone. Hope this helps you make a choice. And YES there is no volume control on it, I guess because most cell phones have volume controls and computers do also maybe thats why. You can adjust it through them.
R13DHYPFOYFIAW	5	Works great Works great
R16UM9I96A6DGY	5	Five Stars Great product charges rapidly
R3ERZLNH0SFP0Y	1	the app is horrible and is an eyesore Extremely buggy, the app is horrible and is an eyesore. It'll also randomly shut off power to the device at will.  I don't use it at all anymore. I wish I could get a refund.
R2AHP3F6A8D1A5	5	Five Stars Nice phone for a reasonable price.
R3N01DCKT7R1RJ	5	Its pretty.....BUT There was a crack when i got it but it doesnt matter i still love the case.
R5D7PSMAD523F	4	Perfect size Revised Review:  Had a problem with one of the two working.  However Anker contacted me directly and voluntarily shipped out a replacement without any question.  So higher rating for excellent customer service response.  These do fit nicely inside the holder with Anker charger/converter.  (Earlier review: Shipped two - one worked.  One did not.)
R1DIZNU2SSJ57P	5	Five Stars Does exactly what you expect / need it to do.
R29KROI8RWF67B	5	Five Stars Berry good
R1BBMADC9RKDDH	5	Five Stars Great quality cables very sturdy wish they were a bit longer but they are excellent for the price.
R392VJFB8CL4J8	3	The cabling between the earpiece and the necklace are really ... The cabling between the earpiece and the necklace are really flimsy. It didn't come with small size earpiece cover. But not as expensive as the original design (LG, I think).
R3AKDORINB2GGB	3	Dropped phone with this case on it and it did ... Dropped phone with this case on it and it did not protect the phone ...phone broke and never worked again
R1FH0CUWGLEO54	4	Fits well and cushions impacts. It fits well and does what it's supposed to do. When I take the case off, the phone looks as new as the day I bought it. I would give it five stars if the clear case hadn't yellowed. Also, when debris does eventually work its way in between the case and the back of the phone, it wears permanent smudges into the inside of the case.
R28NMKAACS7223	5	Five Stars great sound. loved it
R1LYVKF0HR488P	5	Five Stars Great phone!
R1ZLJ4GQP0LNCU	4	This looks and feels nice. It was worth the money This looks and feels nice. It was worth the money. The only downside is that it only has 2 places for cards, technically only one slot for cards and one for an ID. It works for now but if you ha e more 4 cards you need to carry this isn't for you.
R258YVY5X4S993	3	Color got dirty FAST This case does protect your phone but the pink stopped looking pink and started looking dirty really quick. For the price I would have liked the color to stay.
R14XR9LCVSMA94	5	Waaaaaay better than the standard Project Fi case that comes in ... Waaaaaay better than the standard Project Fi case that comes in the Welcome Kit. It's easy to put on the phone, and can take a beating. If and when my current case dies, I'll likely get this one again.
R2KDGZCTAGON2G	1	not a good phone Was not a fan of his extremely slow it was couldn't get any thing don't with it
RDO6SX9O5KKHZ	1	I never received one that worked The first one I received did not work. I'm running Android 5.1 and made sure all the settings were correct so that a picture was taken when the volume up key was pressed(the issue was not the phone or settings). I told the seller I had received a defective one and they said they would send out a replacement. After a big hassle with the seller the replacement finally did arrive and it also does not work. Don't waste your time on this, it's not worth the headache.
R2FYJSZ7CO9F9Q	5	Five Stars Came on time and my last one saved my phone so hoping this one does too :)
R12HWD15NT1GR9	3	It's okay. It is nice and slim, but I don't feel that it is good protection in case I drop my IPad.  I may buy a new one that is padded better.
R23JPLDO1EPNUH	3	Three Stars works for a month then stops
R3ATLN1LIJ8AV4	3	One of the chargers worked fine but the one that I took to visit my ... I purchased two Samsung OEM 2.0 Amp Micro Home Chargers to have extra chargers for travel. One of the chargers worked fine but the one that I took to visit my daughter for three weeks did not work and would not charge my phone. I needed to borrow a charger for the rest of my trip. I will have to figure out how to return the non-working charger.
R11Y7NXR2WDY4H	5	Great purchase for the cost Smooth and slim but still protects well. Great purchase for the cost.
R27Y0VIE5AZP0I	5	Five Stars It protects well.  No scratches evident since I got them placed on my phone
RRMU6CO22A739	5	they look great! The case is thin so it doesn't further ... Although the color of the tassel doesn't appear as dark/vibrant as the pictures, they look great! The case is thin so it doesn't further expand the size of my already-big-enough iphone 6. Worth buying! :)
RLE2ZKZMRLCLJ	1	I had faith! But, it didn't work out. The cord was long but stopped working after a month. Worked fine for a month
R1YPGGK79RPEKW	5	nice size and price Works well, nice size and price.
RC8K84UQQX65Z	5	Fugetek knocked it out of the park on this item. Selfie stick is built very strong, constructed like I would build it. Highly recommend the item as a great buy, it is truly what a professional would have nearby. Remote shutter control over Bluetooth performs flawlessly, easy to set up on my Samsung android cell phone. I would have no reservations recommending it to a friend. Engineering and materials could not have been mated any better. My hat is off to Fugetek, you knocked it out of the park with this item.
RGV0O5ZYA2K1T	5	Love it. Only thing I could do with out ... Love it.  Only thing I could do with out is the bright blue LED light that flashes when my phone is on the unit.
RC1XK5WSST0BN	1	Not much protection there are so many more cases with ... Not much protection there are so many more cases with more protection and cost much less. I prefer built in screen protectors and this one doesn't have one.
R27VL4GIUZN4UP	1	nice look but 2 days after getting the case nice look but 2 days after getting the case, it had dropped on the ground and broke. if you are a clumsy person i do not recommend getting this case it is not durably made at all
RVLHYF3X368A2	5	Five Stars Best iPhone case ever!!!
R2LVY3Y1R0BO0U	1	Very bad You can not hear nothing with this cover.
R4366XCVLPYK7	5	Great headphones for the price!! I have these and the 4.0 version and I have to say I like these so much more.  I like the stiff band around the neck much better than the lose one (the lose one used to get stuck when I turned my head).  These are very comfortable and I hardly feel them at all while running.  They are easy to pair and easy to turn on/off.  The battery lasts a long time (but I haven't clocked it).  I have used them for phone calls as well and the sound is great as is noise cancellation.  The only complaint I might have about this is the location of the multi-function button is right over top of the volume button.  When you grab to adjust volume your tendency is to squeeze so I have accidentally dropped calls trying to adjust volume.  This is just a learning issue for me though and will be fine once I adjust. These headphones are a great buy!
R21F0ICFYYR7DN	5	The best! Best glass screen protector I've bought for any phone. It does not scratch, visibility is great,  and the glass was very easy to install.
R295KS4JFHQGU2	3	Not much protection just looks nice. Average case at most! Not much protection just looks nice.
R3ED25P7MVJUOG	5	Third purchase - Great product! I love these tempered glass protectors. This is the third purchase i made on this same iCarez protector brand. It has kept my iPhone's screen beautifully protected since a few years now. Very good quality product. I  really love how my phone hardly gets any fingerprints for regular use; i would need to have very filthy or greasy hands in order to smudge the screen. Totally worth it!
R3M8PPFBWJQBDG	3	Three Stars In General a good case but my cards dont fully fit bc the pockets are too small
RCIG61FQV4A7O	5	A good buy! The case was exactly as described. It fits perfectly and the screen protector is as good as any other. This was definitely a good buy!
R27WUK2IIW9KBC	1	Great product, if it lasts I will recommend it to everyone! This is the second screen protector I am buying for OnePlus One. The first one was from OnePlus itself. This one does not have a cutout for the camera which means that it might distort the image slightly, but at least it protects the camera too. Also this is much smoother both in the edges and the cutout. Finally I really enjoy the oleophobic coating, since it makes it easier to type on and keeps fingerprints away. For now I will only give 4 starts, since I only have it for a few days. If it lasts more than two months without any damage it will get 5 starts!    UPDATE: This screen protector proved to be way worse than it seemed... I dropped my phone the other day and even though the protector barely got damaged, my screen was completely shattered...
R1Z33RYGM6PUPR	4	Handy little gadget I bought a pair of these back in March and only now (late-August) have had a chance to use one of them (the other is a spare). It turns out for my use-case this gadget is pretty-much spot-on.  The Steambot Slider works exactly as intended in a Smart ForTwo Pure with the base head-unit which has both a USB and a 3.5mm audio jack for auxiliary device input. The Steambot plugs into the USB (for power only) and the included audio cable connects the output of the Steambot to the 3.5mm audio input. After starting the car I can hear start-up tones from the Streambot from the sound system. It takes me a few moments to start the audio source on my iPhone (I might use the iTunes Music app, the SiriusXM app, or the app for my local NPR station) but once I've started the app, the sound plays through as expected.  The only &#34;negative&#34; I have experienced is the 20 second time-out of the Steambot. If I take too long to get the audio app running on my iPhone the Steambot times out and turns off. To turn it back on I have to open the glove box and then unplug/plug the Steambot. This is a slight inconvenience. If the USB and audio port were on the dashboard this wouldn't be much of a inconvenience but in the ForTwo the inputs are in the glovebox so it is what it is.
R2IJ2B8H72IERS	5	Great product with great after-sale service The original one that I received has great day time image with wide 170 angle ( exactly what we need for rear-view ). Night vision has horizontal lines covering the screen, looks like I received a defective one.  I understand it could happen for any product due to any reason, the most important point is how the company able to handle the issue for satisfying the customers.  Hisgadget Amy was so quick to respond to my concern by sending me a replacement with no extra charge, the new one performs great, out of my expectation.  Great price, great product quality, especially excellent after-sale service. Highly recommended, very happy.
R1TRDRZ7WKJHGM	3	Didn't hold up well at all. There are several ... Didn't hold up well at all. There are several of these that look a lot alike. This is the cheapest one and it broke really quick.
R11KQZBE38EJI7	5	Five Stars Thus phone is unbelievable
R2LMPK9SNHIW8R	5	Best case ever!!! It's my favorite case right now it's slim it's nice and it keeps my iPhone protected at all time.
RQXS7FZIZN02F	2	Returned. It doesn't pair well. It pairs. ... Returned.  It doesn't pair well.  It pairs.  However, I took it once and try to pair with my friend's phone.  It won't pair.  We ended up not taking the selfie.  :(
R63T42CP0PY1O	4	Good product A bit difficult to put on smoothly but very nice
R6F2XKRDS7TVT	4	Jawbone era silver Bought this cause lost my older jawbone era. Love the case it comes with acts as some extra charge. This unit doesn't hold charge as long as my older one. Fits well sounds great. Love the color.
R1X4Y6JR8MVMCQ	2	Worst of all the case is not even secure on ... It's cute at first but the picture gets scratched/worn off too quickly in my opinion. Also, it picks up a blue tint from jeans. Worst of all the case is not even secure on the phone! I dropped my phone once and the case just burst open and the phone flew out and got scratched!!! I buy cases specifically so they can take the brunt of a fall and protect my phone (and its value) and this basically doesn't do anything that it's supposed to!
R2WZ6Z8ICTQQO	1	this product is garbage. Stopped working after a month. Go with Anker, this product is garbage.
R1ZLAKB2YIWRI6	5	Simple and pretty this is exactly what I needed. This case is really cute and fits the 6+ perfectly. It's great to have something so cute to hold it and my cards and cash all in one! Girl pockets are hardly ever big enough for a tube of chapstick much less a ginormous phone like these are so it's very useful. It is simple and pretty and the stain resistant material will help it stay looking nice. Mine is cream colored with a nice brown magnetized close flap.There is a small gold bird emblem on the lower right hand corner and the words &#34;Always Together&#34; are written on the close flap. This wallet case has  four slots for your credit cards and a larger pocket for cash and then the holder for the phone. This holder is soft gummy material and is easy to take The phone in and out of. I actually broke my last wallet case taking my phone out. First it had peeled the holder away from the case and then one edge snapped completely off. Since this one is soft it holds it securely but isn't hard to take in and out. You can take pictures through the case as there is a cutout for the camera. There are also cutouts below the phone for the mic and ports so you can charge or talk while in the case. The front easily bends back for comfort while you're talking on the phone.I am very pleased with this case, it is stitched well and should stay looking nice for a long time. It's definitely worth the asking price, if not more, for this quality. I actually received my wallet case free or at a promotional price for testing and evaluation purposes but my review is solely based on my personal experience and honest opinions of this case.
R20T8WR0QV8V4Y	1	up in smoke i purchased this unit through another site it did not do well at all i hooked it up to 3-160 watt solar panels for a total of 480 watts theyre wired in parallel at first it put out about 150 watts in full sun i got that reading using my killawatt meter about 2 minutes later it tripped my GFI plug but continued to show wattage on the killawatt meter meaning it was still running so the anti island feature was not working i had already pulled the plug so it should have turned off but it did not finally a few seconds later it went up in smoke it was throwing lots of smoke out of the vents. i do have another brand of inverter that ive been running for several months without issues so I'm just not sure on the quality of this brand.
R32PXGN2YWJCKZ	5	Easy to use with the IPad so she can I got these for my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter - they fit a little big, but she can still use them without any problems. They are plenty loud enough for her, without getting too loud. Easy to use with the IPad so she can watch her shows.
R3BT69MC8SX6NC	5	Five Stars Great☺
R2T0N0U5WT7BMC	5	Not missing anything compared to S6 Yeah, I really love this phone. Works flawlessly (so far). Not missing anything important when compared to the S6
R3CCZ27QPBQOM7	1	One Star Not as expected...slow delivery.
R1A1CFB3KGDOEF	5	Great case for a very low price This case cannot be beat for the price. I bought it specially because it was so damn cheap. Even if I never use it.
R1CR7RQHSB4OX2	2	Its a nice screen protector Its a nice screen protector, but the glue used is sub par. it has already began to raise on the edge of the phone.
R3OAVNS0YJ5050	1	I think it is B. S to charge over ... I think it is B.S to charge over $6 dollars to send this back, when I paid a little over $9.
REXLFP0MSBL15	5	Five Stars Great little case.
R31KLR8BGQOZW4	4	Four Stars As expected
RCSK6IK3IX14Z	5	Five Stars Really sturdy case!
R33AXTJRJTXERD	5	Five Stars Very good product supported by excellent service
R1CLTB1ON93Z0R	5	Great speakers for a reasonable price. I have these in my 2008 F-150 and they sound really good.  I wish I had put an amp on them because I'm sure they would rock even harder.  I am very pleased with the performance and would buy this again.
RJXZNS76XBWZ2	5	I like it Easy to charge watch and looks nice too
R1K12MGBDV5RZP	4	Four Stars llegaron tarde
R2VQPO8N0JEWA	5	Five Stars Great product no problems at all and much better price for 2 than 1 at verizon.
R2GCKZNQ6WT1LY	4	Four Stars Works great as intended.
RQYEDSF4S0V9Y	5	5 stars I'm surprised of how easy it was to install it to my phone. No air bubbles at all, I would recommend watching the video first before you install it. I am very pleased of how it looks on my phone as well
RY0XE8ICCS0AL	3	Suction cup worked for a while but eventually wouldn't stick ... Suction cup worked for a while but eventually wouldn't stick to the windshield anymore. I believe this was cause by the heat of summer degrading the plastic.
R1A0XD8QOY6NOP	5	Five Stars It's fast and Apple certified!
R2LFU2S82J6NJA	3	and my boyfriend who has modest arms has trouble getting this to fit comfortably. Definitely a cheaper arm band, and my boyfriend who has modest arms has trouble getting this to fit comfortably.
R2HBUPD8360ZCC	1	One Star fake product, i received broken item, please don't buy it under any cost
R2L24KBS6SZCMB	5	just as expected! Received these today and my 8 yr old autistic son loves them
R1WLSI37ZUZJY0	5	Pretty! Its a really pretty case! The picture does not do it justice.
R3SRSRMHTHY4JD	4	Four Stars The cord works. Delivered on time.
R2XQWGUBRNJ0KZ	1	One Star Cheap crap
R1Q1P0AJA88QT4	5	they like it. one of the grands wanted this.  they like it.
R16A2TCXQLWYK0	5	It's really nice having 2 ports to plug into - and it ... It's really nice having 2 ports to plug into - and it works great with my Samsung Note 4 phone.
R2J6TJO4MJCPE9	1	Horrible quality product Had the case for about a month before it started falling apart. The sides rip away from the back with casual use, horrible quality and would absolutely not recommend.
R160OQL1W1ATKV	5	Looks great I bought this for my new phone, and love it.  It's very pretty, and looks just like the picture.
RN99SJMMRCAAQ	3	Great product, BAD durability Its great..... But..... The sweat depreciates the quality of the product. Also, it begins to tear slowly after so much use. Its basically a cheap sweatband with a plastic sown in design. Well, the plastic is peeling off the hard plastic encasing. Soooooo...... Do NOT spend alotta money on this. Its a great product, but wont last you 6 months. Buy it as cheap as you can get it. Its up to you !
R16YKLT1L0COBM	3	Three Stars Really hard to put on, but so far it's protected my phone.
R1E9KLLIKM9QQ8	3	Disappointed with purchase Very disappointed with the fit of the ear-piece. Hurts the inside of my ear.
R1ET6V9O2LJ3C	5	Durable Attach perfectly to the phone and seems durable
R1SKO9QJ8YXMIJ	4	Four Stars Nice, just as described.
R329HSGQHDJMY9	5	GO SEAHAWKS! Nice fit, good protection and just love it!
R23X612YVZCUT6	5	Five Stars Great item fast shipping
R3HDW1V7TGAG64	4	Great Product! I have been looking for a car mount for a while now and finally found one that works great! A friend recommended eLander mount and I have been very satisfied with it so far. I like the 360 degree adjustable back and that the joystick is flexible and allow me to adjust what angle I want my screen at. The best part is there is no assembly required, you just pop it on the vents and go. The only issue I do have is that it will fall if I do not secure the back in the vent enough, otherwise I have zero complaints. I highly recommend this product!
R24NYPWX8F7Z0V	5	Five Stars Works great and was easy to install
R2VT5653M5RK7N	4	nice case It protects the back and sides well.  It is a simple design that functions well.  Nice case that does not add a lot of bulk.  It also makes the phone easy to hold on to.
RP4ZDD1L7ZEWP	3	Three Stars perfect for what I need, protects my phone -attractive, and holds cards.
R3NX33YDFMJ9IC	5	'Smart' charger fixes tiny print problem I have used I don't know how many car chargers (my first one was for a Palm!),  so it isn't that easy for me to be pleasantly surprised (*unpleasantly* surprised, yes, but not pleasantly).  Hi-Mobiler managed it, with this charger they sent me for evaluation and review.  First, it's a &#34;smart&#34; charger, meaning that when you plug a device into it, it somehow 'reads' it to learn what the highest amperage it can handle is, then feeds it just that much power.  I have an iPhone 6 and an Android tablet (and a Kindle, and...), and on multiple-port chargers I can never remember which end of the charger has the 1.0mAh port and which end is the 2.0mAh... and they're labeled in print too fine to be read without pulling the thing out of the cigarette lighter (oops-- &#34;power port&#34;) and holding it up under the light.  It's a pain in the backside unalleviated by heated car seats.  The ports on the Hi-Mobiler are each labelled 2.4, which is higher than even Apple products require.  With this charger, though, the labels are just decorative-- plug your device into any of the ports and the Smart Charger will simply charge it, at whatever amperage for which the device is rated.  Recommended.  [I was offered this charger at no cost in exchange for a fair and honest review.]
R37C0J27C4GTW5	5	Five Stars Great responses form our guys in the construction field
RWD07WHRJJJM6	1	Terrible Solution I would not recommend ArmorSuit. It does not stick to the crystal on the watch. Look for a different solution otherwise you will waste your money!!
R37QTRXDIA32JG	3	phone case review it comes in handy, the quality is ok
R1Y1ME6WRP2KWL	5	Five Stars waterproof
RIFKM7Z6T8T07	5	Five Stars Best charger out there. Nice size and great value!
R18I7QUAP1LRNK	5	Five Stars Just what we needed, just as described.
RFDYZ7SU838NP	5	Make charging Simple This device solved a real problem for me; the proliferation of adapters for tablets and phones.  I just run the various cables from this box to my devices and it makes everything very simple.  Charging isn't a process to manage, but simply a chore that is easily accomplished.  Great idea.
R2PY8GFUQJOMOT	5	Five Stars Everything went well and product arrived in a timely manner.
R1TL9AJQZJOGRP	3	Good budget phone, could be great Fast, cheap and worth every penny. It's light and thin as well with decent battery life.  I give it three stars because: 1) A recent update caused Wifi connectivity issues. I have to turn my phone off and on multiple times a day because wifi will stop detecting all networks. 2) The 3.5mm audio jack (headphones/aux) is very quiet. I'd say it would need to be boosted by at least 30% in order to match other phones. This is regardless of which music app, which pair of headphones and which device I'm plugging it in through an aux cable with. I keep my old Lumia 521 in my car for music. 3) Touchscreen goes extremely crazy when sending text messages - for every button I press 4-8 more are pressed. This happens on an off and I have to restart the phone to stop it. This doesn't happen in any other app such as facebook messenger.
R27992BFY8R5L2	1	another chinese junk.. does not hold charges. ... another chinese junk.. does not hold charges.. i can not even charge my phone full  for 1 single time... drain out too quick.
RRLFCIM4X2TPT	4	i really enjoy the case i really enjoy the case, only problem i had was the stand piece comes off easily, within 2weeks of having it came off but otherwise the cover is good to have it.
R33M4GP1BO3BS1	4	Four Stars Great item and it came by pretty fast
R32I47U7J0ASND	3	Not impressed I had it for a week and the corner tab on the top left the holds the phone in broke off. I would say spend a little more and get something of better quality.
R3GCYG3GNGZHXD	5	Five Stars Love 'em.
R2WIXC75EAK14X	5	Five Stars Very sturdy and duable. Satisfied with this product.
R63K7TS920NOO	1	this phone is no good, memory card is all screwed up an other ... this phone is no good ,memory card is all screwed up an other things on it
R191KCR3MKXNWI	5	Works Well for Daughter's 4S This ReGear iCharger is a 30 pin charger for the car. It works fine to recharge my daughter's iPhone 4S. She is happy, so I am happy. We've not had any issues with this charger. Since it is for the car only, it's getting only light use. I received this at a discount in exchange for a fair review, which I have provided.
R1L9O2LZMHD0S1	1	One Star water got into the case.
RSJFWL3XY5UL3	5	Great affordable product for quality you can count on I got mine in the mail, and I've been using it daily. It's fits perfectly on the A/C vent closest to the steering wheel of my tahoe. Great affordable product for quality you can count on. You won't be disappointed.
RG1U4FC3HB2TE	5	Five Stars Front stage center stereo excellent...
R2FEFLF2JH93EA	1	am very disappointed cause I need a longer cable will not work on my ipad air. Did not know Apple put a chip in so you would have to buy their product, am very disappointed cause I need a longer cable. I wish you had added iphone etc on page when I ordered.
R24A7WZ1DCTABF	5	Five Stars Thank you!
R5KMXB0MYG8DQ	5	bluetooth headset I ordered this when I could not find my old one.  Considered returning it when I found the old one; however, I like this one better.  It &#34;talks&#34; to you, and it has features my other one does not.  Makes calling easier.
R3RLOI65HK6EO8	5	good chargers As described, good chargers
R1XTR5RM3W3N46	1	DON'T BUY THIS!! It is very cheap for ... DON'T BUY THIS!! It is very cheap for a reason. It only lasted about a week before part of it broke off on the side, and now a week later a lot more on the side has broken off. It's very thin. Cheap made. Sometimes you do get what you pay for...
R1MAOLI5FJHAFM	4	More than just a big cheap phone, this one is surprisingly good Ever since the very first Android “smart phone” many years ago, I’ve owned more phones (and tablets) than I can recall. Looking at a few recent phones, I’ve owned Galaxy Note 3 & 4, Galaxy S 4 & 5, LG G2/G3/G4, Nokia 1520, Xperia Z Ultra (6.45”), and my current daily driver, the Google Nexus 6 (5.96”). Needless to say, I’m familiar with many models, big & small. :) So let’s take that experience and see how the latest low budget phone from Blu fares.  PROS:  + Excellent value as a phone and/or tablet + Nice looking 7” IPS Display + Very bright screen + Nearly stock Android Lollipop 5.0 + Great Battery Life + Smooth UI Performance + Expandable Storage + Decent build quality + Comfortable to hold, despite it’s size + Looks more expensive than it is + Factory Unlocked for GSM  CONS:  - Low resolution cameras & no flash - Mediocre sounding single speaker & voice quality - Display only 600x1024 (169 ppi) - Limited band support (i.e. no LTE) - Some light bleed - Loose Power/Volume Buttons - No accessories at launch  SPECS:  Since this listing excludes a few important details, I’ll note them here:  * 7” IPS+ 600x1024 (169 ppi) Display * 1.3GHz MediaTek MT8382 Quad-Core CPU w/ MALI 400 GPU * 8GB Internal memory / 1GB RAM / MicroSD storage expandable up to 64GB * 5MP Front & VGA Rear Camera (No Flash) * HSPA + 21Mbps / 3G (aka 4G) Band Support Only- No LTE anywhere * 3450mAh Non-Removable Battery * Full-Size SIM Required for GSM Voice/Data (i.e. T-Mobile/AT&T) * NOT compatible with CDMA Carriers (i.e. Sprint/Verizon) * Includes Headphones, Screen Protector, 2 Amp Charger, and 3ft Cable  DESIGN  For the first time, I’m almost comfortable using the word “phablet” to describe this device. It’s got the screen of a traditional tablet, yet has full voice/data functionality in a slimmed down package. I’m going to just call it a big phone.  First, let’s briefly talk about it’s size. This is a big phone, easily dwarfing my 6” Nexus 6. But it’salso a really small tablet. Compared to a Nexus 7, it’s noticeably smaller in every dimension. While you won’t be doing a lot of one-handed use, it’s still compact enough to fit in the pockets of my less-tight fitting pants. That's as far I'll on about size; it is what it is!  The phone has a mostly plastic construction, with bezels that look like they are higher quality than they are. The back has a nice rubberized texture that makes for a nice place to hold. You’ve got a front ear piece that doubles as the single mono speaker. Interestingly, the headphone and mico-USB port are on the top.  Power and volume rocker switch are on the right side, towards the top. They feel a bit loose and have some play to them. And the micro-SD and Full-Size SIM card slot are covered by a door that requires a tiny flat-head screwdriver to remove. Tool included. And yes, I did say good ‘ol Full Size SIM card. You can buy adapters.  While the textures and coloring won’t fool you into thinking this phone is made of high quality metals, it still looks nice. And the phone has a good solid feel. If you give it a firm twist, there is some expected flex. But no noises… yet.  PERFORMANCE  As you can see from the specs, this phone has a MediaTek SoC with Mali 400 GPU. This CPU is based on the ARM A7 architecture, most commonly associated with the Snapdragon 400, and used with some Octa Core variants. So yes, this is rather dated technology, except do note this is a Quad Core CPU. Not dual core as the original A7’s. It also has the benefit of running cool and being thrifty with power usage. We’ll discuss more on battery life later.  That’s all great, but how does it perform? Thanks to a nearly stock Lollipop 5.0 OS, it runs pretty darn good. Within the UI, things are smooth, fluid, and little-to-no lag/stutter is noticeable there. However, when you start opening/switching apps, the slower CPU & limited memory will make itself known. That’s simply unavoidable with these specs. With that said, it’s still relatively minor, and overall, runs better than expected.  BENCHMARKS & GAMING  While I prefer to focus on real-world performance and don’t usually put much weight behind synthetic benchmarks, here are a few anyways:  3DMark Ice Storm Extreme: 1922 AnTuTu Benchmark v5.7.1: 19590 Geekbench 3 - Single Core: 363 / Multi-Core: 1196  Not the best numbers, but how do games run? So far, they’ve all run just fine. Most games will lower details and resolution to keep them running smooth. As a result, you may see some grainy video or more pixels than you’re used to for high-end titles. Also, because this is a “less common” MediaTek processor, you could run into issues where a game isn’t compatible (i.e. SimCity BuildIt).  Temple Run, for example, ran great. Noticed some grainy images at the title screen, but that’s it. Asphalt 8 also ran smooth & was easy to control, but it’s much more obvious the details have been pushed way down.  OS & FEATURES  As noted above, we are looking at a nearly stock Android 5.0 Lollipop OS. It’s currently still only 5.0, it says it’s upgradable, but no word on when that will actually happen. Of course, just being 5.0 is good enough for now. In particular as there is very little bloatware installed.  You’ve got some Amazon stuff you’ll need to hide, they’ve got Opera, an FM Radio, Google Apps, BLU Help app, and not much else. The OS provides some audio profiles, reboot/airplane mode when pressing the power button, and you can even scheduled power on/off via the Settings menu.  They do include the TouchPal keyboard as default. This one is somewhat new to me, although I’m already finding it’s auto-correct to be surprisingly aggressive and incorrect many times. No worries though. It’s easy to disable.  DISPLAY  After using so many Quad HD IPS and OLED displays, it’s a bit noticeable when jumping down to a lower resolution display. In particular, this 7” IPS+ 600x1024 screen. However, it’s not as bad as it sounds. First, this is an IPS display. The colors are nice and vibrant. Black levels won’t blow you away, but they’re pretty good.  As with many LCD’s these day, the white balance is way on the cool side, which can appear as a light blue tint. Light bleed, while minor, is certainly noticeable. In particular when watching movies with a black background, in a darker room. Viewing angles are acceptable. Very little color shift; you’re mostly going to deal with notable dimming as you view off center.  Brightness is way up there. Indoors I rarely needed to go past 30-40%. Which is actual brightness, since there is no pesky ambient light sensor that I need to turn off. Although I do wish it got dimmer. In a completely dark room, sometimes I found it to be a little brighter than I’d like even at the lowest setting.  Back to the low resolution. How does it really look? In daily use, it actually looks just fine. The only situation it’s really an issue is when you try to look at a full desktop website in portrait mode. It’s here where tiny text and some images can look a blurry. You can of course zoom in, switch to landscape, or stick with mobile versions of websites.  Otherwise reading documents, flipboard, & e-books all look great and are quite pleasant to read on a larger screen.  CAMERA  We’ll keep this one short. It’s a 5MP rear camera and VGA (640x480) on the front. There is no flash. Basically, quality isn’t great for either one of these. Even with good lighting, the images will appear soft, grainy, and noticeably low detail. Clearly this was one area that took the biggest hit to keep the cost so low.  BATTERY  For a large 7” phone, a 3450mAh battery sounds like it would be on the small side. And if this had a ton of pixels and super fast SoC to push, it would be. But a low resolution screen combined with a very energy efficient CPU, and it’s really not that at all. So there’s your upside to low specs!   In my testing, I was able to achieve 7 hours 22 minutes of Screen-On Time, with about 12% battery life remaining. That was with Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS all enabled. Screen at about 40%, which could have gone lower for indoor use, but I decided to keep it bright.  There was lots of web surfing, reading flipboard, and well over an hour of video playback with both YouTube and MXPlayer, each. Charging was also quick, getting up to nearly half capacity within about an hour or so.  Once again, your results will absolutely vary.  SOUND & VOICE  Interestingly, this phone shares the ear-piece for main speaker use. That speaker grill you see on the front/top of the phone is the only speaker on this device. Yes, it’s the same one used for voice calls. The mic is way at the bottom.  The speaker sadly doesn’t get very loud, sounds tiny at higher volumes, and doesn’t have much detail. It’s simply adequate. Given it’s movie watching aspirations, I really do wish it had another speaker at the bottom for stereo.  The microphone also isn’t the best quality. Test calls resulted in the same mediocre ear-piece sound quality and on the other end, my voice was slightly distorted or muffled at times. Even if I got closer to the microphone, it didn’t change all that much. Although both parties were still able to hear each other and carry on a conversation.  MISSING HARDWARE & BAND SUPPORT  You’re already expecting a few things to get cut when trying to hit a low price point on a big phone. So what are some notable items I haven’t already discussed? First, there is only 802.11n 2.4GHz support for WiFi. No 5Ghz or AC support. It’s still plenty fast, hitting over 40mbps on my router; it won’t break any records.  No NFC. But we do still have GPS & Bluetooth of course. No notification light. No camera flash. With only 8GB of internal storage & 1GB of RAM, you could run into some limitations. Although for memory, that usually just means apps won't stay cached in memory as long, and may take longer to open than usual. And with low storage you'll want to keep as much on the MicroSD card as you can. You've already lost around 2.5GB in system data alone. Most apps are getting updated to support SD card installation. Plus, there is an option in Settings to change the &#34;default&#34; storage location. Once again, up to the app to cooperate.  And as noted in specs, there are only a few GSM bands for HSPA+ 21 / 3G. Also commonly referred to as 4G by some carriers. That’s also the slower HSPA+ connection. Which on AT&T in the Austin, TX area, meant around 4Mbps down & a little over 1Mpbs up. Your results will vary. It’s not blazing, but it will do for most internet tasks.  To clarify, there is no LTE support on either the Global or US (my phone) variant. And will only work with a GSM carrier, such as AT&T or T-Mobile.  CONCLUSION  The Blu Studio 7.0 II fits into what may seem like an odd category for many folks, in certain regions. But for others, it makes perfect sense to combine your tablet & phone needs into one cost effective gadget. If you’re able to comfortably carry around such a large phone and don’t have a need for high-end (or mid-range) specs, I think you’ll be very satisfied with this one.  Bottom line, it has most of the important features needed to keep it useful and they didn’t get too carried away on the budget cutting board. Although with that said, I’d love to see what Blu could do in a higher-end category. If they even simply upgraded to a 1080p display, faster SoC, decent stereo speakers, and keep a fair price, it would be impressive.  In either case, all things considered, this one is definitely recommended.
R14ZHSIE16RLRQ	5	Five Stars great
RIK1E41UA4F2R	4	Four Stars Great fit and looks good. The only thing is I wish the plate covered the entire back.
RIJOY1VYX9E09	1	BUYER BEWARE!!! Couldn't believe how cheap this was. Too good to be true? Yes! Warned me it might take 4-5 weeks to arrive from China, actually arrived in 2 weeks! Now the bad news: BATTERY IS TOTALLY WORTHLESS! Doesn't work. The battery light on my phone is red when the battery is almost dead, yellow when it is very weak and green when it is charged or charging. My phone's battery light now shows an exclamation mark (!). Battery does not hold a charge, does not even begin to charge. I took a chance...I got burned!
RSLUOWQQT7SIL	5	Five Stars Very pleased with my Benuo leather case for my iPhone6. Love the feel and look.
R3DF04BMENGEKN	5	Case review Ordered this for my wife's phone.  She is very satisfied with the design and the way it fits.  It came quickly in a padded envelope
R33MVQ1KWUYYYJ	4	Provides good charge times but the way the prongs are positioned ... Provides good charge times but the way the prongs are positioned means it can take up an extra socket if you're using it on a surge protector like I am. Other than that, it's OEM-like in quality for a fraction of the cost.
R267JPYACHG4D6	3	Three Stars does the job. It's a little bulky
R2L8PGJBSS7HX4	5	Five Stars Great
ROJBGVEQ8VO8R	1	don't waste your money had to return them, their range in a city or any place with any sort of obstacle is about a mile!
R1J1ZKTR16D4N9	4	Four Stars Very nice protective screen.  Easy to apply and left no bubbles.
R3LB4VCB5KWX43	5	Beautiful I love the color and it protects my phone from accidental dials.
RC8GX3A0L6R3	3	Three Stars Doesn't provide much protection.
R1WXF8YMEZMTG9	5	2015 WRX Fits great
R8DBV4RPKJTYM	5	Five Stars surprisingly a pretty good case
RZVE5KLUTGGZV	5	Solid quality. Feels a lot more expensive than the ... Solid quality. Feels a lot more expensive than the $10 it costs. Completely charges a iPhone 6 Plus or a Galaxy Note 5 without dying.
RS0PAM4HXWHK7	1	Poor quality, and would not advise purchasing this case. A definite return purchase. The case itself does not fit the phone, thus disabling the use of the silent switch on the top left edge of the phone. The finishing around the edges of the aluminum face is of poor quality and the case itself looked used. On the packaging it states that it comes with a leather lanyard and that it is made in the U.S.A., but the lanyard was neither leather nor was the product made in the U.S.A. After further research the product was produced in the China. Overall, poor quality and false advisement.
R10C953342MAX9	5	Great Product and Service!!! So far no Complaints at all  I have purchased numerous different cables from other vendors for charging a house full if I- somethings, and you never know what you are going to get..  Trusted cables reached out to me asap and wanted to make sure my order was exactly what I expected, and with this Lifetime warranty that is offered, this is a NO- Brainer...  Quality Products with an even better Warranty attached to it..  I have found my exclusive source for Charging cables going forward..  would be 6 stars if that was possible.!!!!
R24SVLNIJEPNXM	2	This case was very pretty and very functional This case was very pretty and very functional.  It seemed to be very well made.  However the first night I got it,  I had to take my phone out of the case to charge it.  I was very disappointed in that.  I tried all three chargers and it would not charged in the case.  Had I been able to charge my phone while it was in the case I would of kept it.  Unfortunately I could not so I had to send it back.
R3E8V4GO66WOU8	5	Five Stars Pretty case, looks just like the picture
RIG3HCXFUIRUC	1	One Star It is not for iphone 5, it has an adapter and that's not what they're selling with that picture.
R2XEDOR8ITYXNT	5	Amazing customer service!! My product started to peel off in the corners, but I emailed the company and called. They were super nice and replaced my back cover no questions asked!! Highly satisfied with my order!!
R7JEE355MNAB0	5	Five Stars works perfect
R37ZCR4PLD8VQT	5	Five Stars Just as described, no defects whatsoever! Will buy from you again!
R1T42JBG5QBPC4	1	One Star Worst chip!
R27L9XIA5BQXB2	4	Love!! I do like this case a lot! After reading reviews and seeing that it splits apart, I am just waiting for that day. In the meantime, I love this case a lot, it is not too slim and can still grip it great. I hate the fact these phones are so fragile and have to hide it, but this case still protects it and can still see the design of this expensive phone!
R1CXECUMWP5ABH	5	Fit perfectly. love it I got the clear one. Love it. It so thin but good enough for light protection. I normally do not like using the case but this one is really good. It's make me more comfortable to hold and also show the beautiful look. I'd recommended it.
R2USL13QRL2PVR	4	Works as advertised so far. I bought these as a  backup for my LG Tone set.  They actually sound pretty good and are pretty comfortable.  They pair and connect quickly.  However, sometimes I like to leave one ear out so that I can hear what's going on around me (when on a call or listening to podcasts), and they will pull on your ear.  This is one of the downsides of these types of bluetooth headsets with just a cable connecting the two earpieces.
R6TZW82NL40KU	4	Very useful Not sure what I would have done while motorcycling, in Europe, without it.  I can take the micro SD card out of my camera or GoPro, edit the video/pictures and put the cards back in the camera/tablet/gopro or phone.  Great idea/
R26PZKS28JIMVM	5	Five Stars Works great
R16PVM056CJJM9	1	Total garbage! it broke within a week of purchasing.  Total garbage!
R1YH4D11C2OCJ9	4	Great charger. Works really well but the instructions aren't clear at all, it's sorta self explanatory though.
RGBS5MCJG7JTO	5	Great tool for monitoring temperature I love my Tempe for camping trips. Hook this up to your backpack or hang it outside / in the tent / wherever and you'll get much more accurate temperature logs than you do with a watch on your wrist. If your very interested in tracking temperature while out in the wild and still want to huddle down in your sleeping bag while you check the temperature outside this is worth it.
R3065VZQ73MOG0	5	I LIVE WAY OUT IN A METAL CLAD HOME. ... I LIVE WAY OUT IN A METAL CLAD HOME. SINCE ADDING THE SIGNAL BOOSTER TO MY HOME AND ONE FOR MY CAR, I JUST DON'T DROP CALLS
R3E59S3D8886T7	1	Never again! I bought two of these phones when they first came out (August 2015). So far, my screen has gone black and now my flash doesn't work and my husband's screen has also gone black and he cannot use his phone without an ear piece because his speaker no longer works. Our screens did come back on within 24 hours. I emailed BLU and never heard back. Maybe others have had better luck, but my experience has been less than stellar.
RJQ89V39D8Z4L	5	nice to have a trusted company Plugged right in, don't believe all the one star comments
R35T3XZMSS6QZH	5	Can't beat JL Great sound, and easy to install.  The quality was top notch for the price.  I wish I would have stuck to my JL's sooner...
RRBWPQ1G9NGV	3	Three Stars So good
R26R1EMKR7RAYL	2	Two Stars Stopped working one month after purchase
R22V2N4HIK7K0U	5	Great for kids My 7 year old loves them and can use them with no problems. No more Tangles here.
R19LG7XGORSCXC	2	Just ok. Not real leather.
R1QJ5XH0ICFP2S	4	A great phone case I really like this case. It fit my phone really well and looks really cute too. I've already dropped it a couple of times and it helped keep my phone from getting scratched or breaking. Defiantly worth the money i paid.
ROVHWTPA7FSA5	5	Fantastic. These have good range Fantastic.  These have good range, come in variety of different colors, and come with a convenient key chain tag.  I use them with Tasker / Trigger app combination on my android device.  Love how efficient my device has become because of them!  Turns menial, sometimes-tedious, tasks into an even simpler tap of your device.
R22JPA5ASP3N6V	5	... this a few months ago and it still looks pretty good thank you muah I bought this a few months ago and it still looks pretty good thank you muah!
R3A36N1GQTS3Q	2	Two Stars Didnt fit the droid razor
R104G60U5YIXND	5	Five Stars Excellent Product and great quality, I use it for my ATV and it worked perfectly!
RQ0ZUTXV27OZO	1	One Star No it was horrible, it wasn't the right color of what I expected.
RBTTVIC53WLBL	5	Nice Case The case was delivered on the date it was assigned and it came really early during the day which I liked. The case fits my iPhone 5s perfectly and I love this case.
RGI4HAFSTEF28	5	Five Stars As advertised
R2C68SW2GXK5P7	5	Great case. Protects the phone well Great case. Protects the phone well, even the corners. Has enough of a lip to really make a difference while still remaining thin and durable. Nice product.
R16I8YZ58C1TCS	5	Five Stars Looks exactly as pictured and arrived on schedule
R3PJ7L1A5SH7K6	5	Great case. It fit's perfectly and is really sturdy Great case.  It fit's perfectly and is really sturdy.  Love the kick stand, it makes it convenient for watching.
R3S8NQW7ZWW54K	5	Five Stars Awesome product
RM89X34G3XMZW	1	One Star Crap. Waste of hard earned money!
R4OXLVBSZDVVV	5	Five Stars Just as described
RZG32OABSV4UV	4	I have always loved these Incipio cases because I feel they give the ... I have always loved these Incipio cases because I feel they give the most protection to the phone! This case seems to wear down very quickly and I end up buying a new one every other month because of how beat up they end up looking; But I would rather pay for a new case than a new phone
RYE31D8MOE1AJ	1	Dont do it This cover is awful. The screen cover is gapped, and makes touch screen access awful. Stuff gets under the screen cover making a mess.... save your $  get a life proof.
R8IEKPTFASO2J	5	... for a road trip this summer and it was amazing. We do have an outlet to plug it ... I initially bought this for a road trip this summer and it was amazing.  We do have an outlet to plug it into in our truck so I could charge both our phones, both our iPads and both of our motorcycle Scala Rider headsets all at the same time!!!  It was perfect.  Now I am using it at my desk.  It really streamlines all the devices I need to charge and makes it less messy and more organized.  Fantastic!! Thank you!!
RA5U8VWPV2IEK	5	Five Stars worked well
R2P7A28V40G41J	5	We are very happy with this GPS Purchased for the GPS for vacation to the Northwest and used the GPS in Seattle, Mt. Rainier, Olympic National Park, Victoria BC, and Vancouver. We are very happy with this GPS. The directions are very accurate and the traffic alerts are very helpful. When there is traffic ahead, the traffic alert will notify about the traffic and potential alternate route. Got updated maps from Magellan and it took about 20 to 30 minutes to update the map.  Minor complaint is that the GPS unit connects to the satellite a little slow when the power is turned on. So you will have to wait a bit to get signal.
R14NK4GNT847YE	5	I'm super pleased! My iPhone 6+ is safe when I kayak & pictures are clear as ever! JOTO's waterproof case does everything as described! It's a such relief not to have to worry about my iPhone 6+, just enjoy it! Used my JOTO on the water this weekend (I'm 73 & love kayaking). My JOTO is easy & simple to use (important when dexterity lessens!) and I got just as clear pictures as when it's not in the JOTO.
R19O4MZXEWG9B1	5	Exterior finish was great. I want to buy one more for my ... I bought this in order to arrange the cables in the office. Solid performance. Exterior finish was great. I want to buy one more for my family.
R3625HDAEQBBP	2	scratches too easily. I'm on my second in two months and ... scratches too easily . I'm on my second in two months and I'm not a over user.
R17G94CTIYDEI0	2	Awesome, right Well, I started out loving this product.  It charged my phone in warp speed.  Awesome, right?!  Then, the 3rd day I had it, it was plugged in and my phone fell off the counter.  The plug part pulled as it fell since the cord wasn't quite long enough to reach the ground.  Well, the whole thing came apart!  I mean it plug into the phone just kind of disintegrated - it was the weirdest thing ever!  I had to use plyers to get out the last piece of the plug that got stuck in my phone when it came apart.  Very disappointed.
R2OY8O8B5Y9FAI	4	Four Stars Shipping time was fast...phone was just what i was looking for.
R3UFQK2CQ2Z31H	1	One Star I could not get it to charge in my car
R4Q4A7CMQ780I	3	Meh I got this phone to replace my Rugby Smart that survived 4 years of rugged use and neglect until the charging port wore out.  I loved that phone!  The Rugby Pro is not that phone.  It's faster than the previous Rugby incarnation, sure, but the charging port cover ripped apart before the first week was over, so it's no longer water-resistant.  I wasn't even being my normally rugged and neglectful self.  Also, callers cannot hear me when I hold the phone between my ~left~ shoulder and cheek, which posture I favor over other styles of passively holding the phone.
RDZWJ1KOAN956	2	I expected silicone but instead I got a hard snap ... I expected silicone but instead I got a hard snap on case , and the description said silicone 😒 I wouldn't have bought it if I knew it was a hard case
R1J5WNQWIH6PCE	5	Outstanding! Very impressed! High quality and super length! It shipped so fast it was unbelievable !
R1S7RRF8E8SU6S	1	These are so annoying!! These are so annoying!!! When I run they slide out slowly, so I keep having to push them in every few minutes. Also, the flat wire causes for a scratch-scratch sound with every. single. step. Very obnoxious, sounds like a DJ that keeps scratching the disc.
R8LWNH1XWMPAX	5	Five Stars I love this case looks really good everything feels great. Really tight fit premium feel also.
R2S0GJEN2U96HC	5	A++++++ I'm very pleased with my purchase of this product, the phone holder attaches easily to my air vent in the car and I have no issues so far. And suction cup to window or dash works also perfectly.  Would highly recommended.
RD9MVA0440NSI	1	Do not recommend Doesnt charge beyond 2nd light, defected, and doesnt come with cable for charging! Very disappointed
R1YN3YUPLSDHXR	5	Five Stars Nice case
R20VQ73O4DWLEN	4	Four Stars Looks just like real wood
R2BQJNIYMUWVTO	3	Three Stars I didnt probe good this phone because i receive a defective item.
R18MCQ8JHPF9YZ	5	Five Stars Best low priced bluetooth on the market.
R1FM66RH5IA1RU	5	Five Stars Excellent Thank You..
R3T580LQZFMB0C	5	Works differently but works well This shield works in a different way- it's a bit soft, abrasions vanish after a couple of hours, returning to smooth. As in self healing. The included misting spray is great for cleaning my glasses, thanks
ROPA0UMMEF9BL	5	Five Stars worked great
R3HULTHKYDY23A	5	easy to connect to device fits perfectly I received this product in exchange for a unbiased review,the shipping was fast and packaged securely the instructions were easy to follow and this screen protector fit my device perfectly. all ports and speakers work properly, fingerprints are easy to wipe off. i put on a case right afterwards and the screen protector didn't interfere made of durable materials and keeps my screen safe from damage. I have dropped my phone several times since and I also keep it in a large purse nice price for the durability and quantity
R3S232K39EFA7U	5	Five Stars Way too heavy to carry around! But a necessity for android phone
R2UO6MZKB3Q9GR	4	Two Thumbs Up This case was definitely worth the gamble. I bought it hoping it would fit my Droid Turbo Ballistic & it does perfectly. I'm probably going to buy multiple in different colors. This case is slim & not bulky & I'm in love with the texture of it. It's not quite plastic but almost like the nonslip grip. The only thing I did not like about this particular case is the color did not quite match up with the picture shown. I was going for a more seafoam green, but it's more of a mint or an aqua green. Other than that I can't complain.
R102129354HY3G	2	Mixed Feelings I'm having mixed reviews about this battery one day it gives me 1 day an 10 hrs of use then the next 9 hrs of use I have to remove the battery after charging to get accurate reading I shouldn't have to remove the case then the battery every time I charge the thing it's giving me a headache I'm thinking of returning the battery and going back to my old battery and carrying around a charger this battery cost to much to have to go through that every time I charge it
R15E2YWMKHXDQU	5	Love it Love it
RV11CH0JJLZKC	5	Five Stars goob seller A+
R2VAHCGX5752ZI	4	Four Stars Really useful to have the choice of lengths. Slow to charge.
RDWVKU0F1I63Z	4	but once on its great.. Was kind of difficulty to put on, but once on its great. ..no scratches!!
R15N9VCQZYU2EU	5	So far its been excellent! It came on time So far its been excellent! It came on time, the specs on the phone Internal storage 4.75GB, Built in storage 9.79GB and the 16GB SD card mounted. It responds to the touch. I love this phone so far!
R38WTHYTNRQQB	5	Five Stars Covers arrived promptly and fit fine.
R3OGL1RVBEMGDD	5	Hola!! 
R3HN5KCGOABRI1	5	for only $13 it works great to play my music while driving through the city This works very well, for only $13 it works great to play my music while driving through the city.
R1GMYMJX7PK4B4	3	easy to use decent units.  i use these as my back up pair. easy to use, comfortable, sound okay. not a lot of volume. the Active2's are far superior and are my go to, more volume and far superior bass response. i would recommend them over these.
R1UH3ZUP4LZ00G	5	Five Stars Good quality at a nice price
R1H6MI4MS2UU9H	1	One Star Effects the car battery
R1DJ8Z3CVJEJXQ	5	Super handy and light weight Super handy and light weight. This is great for outdoors use and camping and survival. A must to have in a bug out bag or disaster box. It is covered in a rubber like skin and has rubber plug covers that protect the usb ports from water. It has 2 usb ports to change two items at one time. It can be charged up with an external usb2 power supply or by it's built in solar panel.  It has a D ring included that allows you to hang it off the side of a tent or wall facing the sun so it can charge up. It's water proof so even if it rains when you leave it out for charging it wont be ruined. This solar charger is about the size of a large smart phone and a little thicker. I bought mine at a discount for an honest and fair review. I would say no different about this at it current price.  Pros: 1.) Solar power portable. 2.) Water proof 3.) Rubber guard skin 4.) Portable and pack-able.  Cons: 1.) Not enough power to charge my ipad. It will charge all phones and some tablets.  Pics:
R39UZJJXLDXUHY	4	Beautiful! I bought this from the DeYoung website because it is the only place I could find it for the Galaxy S5.  The case is hard,  it does have a little bit of a lip to help protect the screen. It is extremely beautiful,  the colors are vibrant, and I get compliments on it all the time!
R1IVOBZF3EAODK	4	Four Stars Good product.
RPWOKMIJ7WUZK	5	Use for exercising! They are wonderful. I use them to exercise. I sweat alot and they are working just as good as when I bought them.
R11CVTKEXCB2XE	2	I really wanted to enjoy these, but I had to send them back These wouldn't stay in while I was running; at one point, the rubber earpiece stayed in my ear while the actually headphone slipped out. Also, the signal would cut out every time I adjusted my backpack which my phone was in.  I really wanted to enjoy these, but I had to send them back.
R2ZL9YZLJZ26ZK	5	Five Stars Just as described, no defects whatsoever! Will buy from you again!
RV7F3GPCEPH4F	5	Five Stars Nice and slim. Sturdy
R2POMSCW22P7A4	5	Works with IPad exactly what the doctor ordered.  Lots of length and works with the Apple Ipad.  I say this because sometimes this aftermarket stuff isn't compatible.
R3GXUNTJ9EMSUB	5	Great phone case! To be upfront about this, I did receive this case for free in order to write a review.  That does not change nor influence my opinion on this product.  Really enjoying this new case. Prior to this, I had been using an OB case. While I love the protection that case offers, it tends to allow dust under the screen protector. I usually have the phone in my pocket, so dust can occur quite easily. So far I have not experienced dust under the screen protector.  The screen protector does not have the same 'trampoline' feel that the OB case has.  Getting the hard shell off the softer part of the case was not the easiest thing to do, but it was not challenging. This is to ensure a good, solid fit, and it really helps ensure that this is a high-quality and secure case.  I really like that there are included the three different colored back pieces.  I would, however, like to see the colors match the color of the iPhone itself.  I have the gold color and the colors are close, but do not match.  Since there's the hole in the back to display the Apple logo, you can see the color difference.  I cannot comment on the two other colors and how they compare.  I don't actually care about this, and it does not detract from the quality of the product at all.  When changing the back piece, there may need to be a little extra 'attention' to getting all the edges flush, but with minor effort, it's no problem.  Again, the little extra bit of work pays off in that the edges are solid and tight and help ensure that there's less gap for debris to get in.  The flaps that cover the slots are easy to open and close.  If I had to mention a detraction it would be that the cover for the headphone slot can occasionally be a little tricky to get re-seated, but it does go in.  Just might take a little attention and not something you can do mindlessly.  I will be keeping my phone in this case.  It's great.
R3IHICCZ5CI7PN	5	Cute Case Love this case!  Very durable and cute.  My phone doesn't look too big in this case.  I've dropped it a couple of times and it still looks great.  I highly recommend this case.  I recieved this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review.
R1FJ7YJ4TF9SXZ	5	Five Stars Really good sound. I use this in my office and it is a great buy for the money.
RLCF0B55H3918	4	Four Stars works fine & costs less than the Motorola unit.
R2UCIM5M3YF1WI	5	Five Stars A+++!!! Epic seller!!!
R3KLBV5UTV79C7	5	Good protection The rubber cover never fit just right, but I like it. Trimming a small piece of cloth for between the phone and the caes would keep the phone scratch free. The case fits exactly to the phone, so daily dirt gets in there and scratches the back.
R1HADREZB78T9I	4	Works great. So far so good. All of the batteries works well for this note 4. No problems thus far.
R333EPWF9NRHPN	5	Five Stars Great!
R3FALI88Y6M4XH	5	Five Stars Best one you can buy!
R3JXK9EX9RIF0F	5	yet I am glad to have made the purchase Base on other reviews I was not sure about the product; yet I am glad to have made the purchase. The case is incredibly resistant, and it also looks well made.
RCGN5BTKOBHF8	4	Works as intended and doesn't feel like it is going to break Works as intended and doesn't feel like it is going to break.  I can't use it on my car's air vents because this is too heavy for them. Sucks for me but not the product's fault.
ROO37GCLDW3BS	5	Five Stars love it
R2UKJTK0RCFNST	5	Five Stars Fits great, looks nice good price
R1MF2FBRYLP2TB	5	I love this player as a great accompaniment to my Nokia ... I love this player as a great accompaniment to my Nokia Lumia 1020. It charges perfectly, connects easy, and has great sound. Definite fan of this product for sure.
R3CHRGKRPYP81F	4	Good Not bad at all.
R3RF8LU3Z2VCL8	4	It works and works well. Cheap phone for a senior... It works and works well.  .. If you loose it you wont care due to the price. .. Only bad thing is the weird charging cord that reminds me of technology from 10 years ago.
R3TQSHU52GOZPT	5	Five Stars Wokrs great
R32GNF41NPBFX8	5	Perfect for my purposes The product was exactly as described in the ad and arrived sooner than expected.  My iPad and Bluetooth printer fix snugly and th ere is space to carry headphones, etc. in the outer pocket.
R16WNNNLJBMP2Z	3	Three Stars Had it a short time and it's starting to show wear
R22Z6WA3AP8WG6	5	I absolutely love this product! The magnetic holder is super convenient and has great holding power.  The suction mount is stronger and more stable than similar products I've used.  Very happy and would recommend this to anyone.
R3KWNXT3PZ13TA	5	Nice thick glass that offers great protection for my Note 5... This is my first time using a glass screen protector for my phone and I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised!  I opened it up and found a nice thick piece of glass that is free from any scratches or dust. I was able to get it installed on my phone quickly and easily, since the cleansing and drying cloths are already included in the package I had everything I would need.  Once I got the screen protector on, I loved the fact that it is crystal clear and it didn't even look like I had added anything to my phone.There were no bubbles and I could still use my touch screen just like before. I really like knowing that I have the added protection now in case of bumps or drops. I received one to review and I can say with 100% certainty that it DOES WORK. Unfortunately for me, I dropped my phone shortly after putting the screen protector on. Luckily for me, thanks to this screen protector, my phone was completely unharmed. Very glad to have it!
R3LUHDOX9VF55Q	5	Outstanding product - I've bought 2 Outstanding item.  I've bought 2.  If you have a phone case, you can easily adhere the (thin) metal plate to the inside of the case, if you are worried about applying it directly to your phone.  The magnet (that clips to your air vent) is strong enough to make it through your case.  I have a semi-thick plastic case on mine and it works great enough to hold the phone in either straight-up or landscape, without problem.  In addition, in straight-up position, the magnet is strong enough to hold the phone while plugged in for charging as well.  I use it in my car and carry an extra magnet in my bag for travel (for rental cars).  Works so well.  Would only suggest not to use this if you keep your credit cards in your phone case, for obvious (magnetic) reasons.  But if you do not use your phone case for storage of your CC's.... this is an awesome product.
RGH1AWOR4QSY2	5	it fits like a glove and protects the iPod Even though it's rubber and flexible, it fits like a glove and protects the iPod!
RBYDG28QDB021	1	Only lasted for a week Mines stop working in a week
REQ7NN1X651HR	4	Solid buy Good for the price
R11DB18OR9N4TT	5	awesome gift! Love this little product! Great sound and buying more!
R3RL3F4ETMLVCM	4	... not worth the list price (before markdown) but for super cheap they are great These are clearly not worth the list price (before markdown) but for super cheap they are great.
R3BMH7G4FQN0X3	5	Great cover, dropped my phone from around 3ft 3 ... Great cover, dropped my phone from around 3ft 3 times so far and not a single problem.  All buttons and holes line up perfectly with 100% of screen viewable.  Backing has minor gripping compared to all metal or plastic cases.
R1U0PUSY1MO1II	2	Cheaply made rubber like outer covering Cheaply made rubber like outer covering. Would prefer the thicker PVC vinyl covering which is smooth and easier to handle. Will not re-order.
R12K7BHBEZ6VM5	3	Decent for what you pay for. More reliable than what I expected. First of all, I want to point out the following pros and cons. I actually bought mine from Best Buy because I wanted a decent dash-cam that I can return if I disliked it.  Pros: 1. Cheap  2. Not hard to install, and with the very long cable it can go anywhere. You can mount it traditionally on the front of your vehicle, or all the way to the very back of your rear windows. Whoever put this together put a lot of thought into the size of the vehicle of the customer. It's long enough where I was able to stuff it under my center armrest/storage (where carpet meets plastic), and it still had 2 to 3 more feet as it goes back up my rear seat to my rear window.  3. Much better performance than I expected. I normally expected that half the time the camera will be offline due to some crappy memory card error, or software bug, or resetted back to some unreadable foreign language that most of these obscurely branded device manufacturers tend to have. But as long as you have a reliable connection to your cigarette lighter, you should be fine.  4. Large recording capacity for its relatively low micro-SD card capacity that it came with: Out of a 8GB memory card that was included, I got more than an hour of recording, which completely embarrasses my front-mounted Abeo HDVR (my mirror-cam) that has similar performance and night/day quality, and yet can only record 2 hours while gobbling up all 32 GB of my regular SD card. At least, if securely connected, the H50 can film directly in front without suffering from heat issues (so far) or constant pause-records.  5. The author of the manual speaks English. In fact, the manufacturers of the device all speak perfect English. The manual is clear and understandable, and there is little &#34;foreign terminology&#34; for everyday things you buy in the United States (TransFlash instead of MicroSD) If you mounted the device in the back like I did, I didn’t need to turn my head around to look for the green light to verify that it’s working. When you start your car, it will say “Have a safe drive today!”, followed up a few seconds later with… “Continuous recording begins now!”. The website was horrible however, and it took me hours of going through the support page before I realized that the avi converter is in the included microSD card.  Cons: 1. One chance to &#34;get it right&#34; on the mounting. But I will admit, I shouldn’t have assumed that the manual was all-inclusive. And those adhesives that came originally on the plastic mount are ungodly strong. This was one incident that completely annoyed me as I was mounting the plastic mount onto my rear windows. My intent was to have a “car interior cam” that is still facing me, but can view a wider angle on the sides of my car as well as acting as a witness in the event of a car accident, by showing that I did everything I can to avoid crashing.  However, the clear plastic mount only goes “one-way” (you won't be able to plug it in if you reverse the camera, without bending the power cord) and I never “test-mounted” the HD50 by making sure it was facing “the right way” before permanently mounting it. What ensued was a hilarious debacle of frustration as I pulled out a flathead screwdriver as soon as I got home to “pry” it off, causing the mount adhesive to rip off a portion of my rear window’s plastic tint along with it (about soda can sized). It didn’t matter to me though, my tint was falling off anyways. And if some idiot tailgater with those high-beams or HID things pull up really close, they can tell that I am recording them because I positioned it right over where there was no more tint.  2. Uses its own proprietary format that must be converted using it's built-in format-to-avi conversion software, there is no online software version you can download. You must search for it inside the memory card's file folders, and hopefully make a backup of both the executable and the .dll file onto your PC. Also, and this happened to me at least once, but constantly fiddling with the settings and downloading your driving videos off of it will sometimes prompt your dashcam to force you to reformat it as soon as you plug it back in. You will lose everything else you didn’t save that was on the memory card. But from what I heard from Googling, it will also install the necessary software like the avi converter through the formatting.  3. Requires a PC to change settings. Handling the micro-SD can be pretty tricky, especially since it’s a black one and if your car’s interior is also black. However, there is a micro-SD converter, two different types that you can use. A converter-to-USB 2.0/3.0 and a standard sized SD-card that you can slip it into the back and then plug it into your PC. Which are also black, so don't drop any of them. I am certain that changing settings using the PC software will force your camera to format it again.  4. By default, a hyper-sensitive bump/event notification and you need to use the manufacturer’s software with the memory card plugged into your PC to make it stop. It’s a elevator chime-like sound, and it will get annoying pretty quick. Each time your car goes over a pothole, speed bump, ant carrying a pebble, or a relatively smooth up-and-down inclination it will do that “bong” noise.  At first, I thought it was really funny how it was converting unpleasant noises into much nicer ones. But if you drive a stick like I do, and you had a slightly rough start from a red light, it’ll bong to that too. Even a downshift from 5th to 4th to overtake a grandma on the leftmost lane will make it go bong. Swerving around a accident occurring right in front of you, and it’ll bong to that.  5. Does not have a internal battery. It requires a direct connection to your cigarette lighter port for it to work, or you can have someone hardwire it. It will make your rotation and usage of your OTHER car appliances a pain. For example, I have four “car-appliances” and two cigarette lighter “splitters”. I have a 2-outlet cable “Y-Splitter” that I bought from Amazon years ago, and then I have a three-outlet cigarette lighter splitter that I got from Autozone one day. My four appliances are: my Beltronics radar detector, my original Abeo HDVR mirror dash cam, my corny little red LED interior underglow light strips, and finally this Thinkware H50.  What I realized was that your first two highest-power-draw appliances should be connected to your main cigarette lighter splitter. The consequences of it being, if your highest-draw accessories are through your second splitter, then it may suffer constant powering on-off symptoms.  This should be both of your dash cams on the first two outlets, your Y-splitter on the third outlet, and then your less important accessories through that Y-splitter. For me, I was fairly frustrated at my original Abeo dash cam (constant freezing, completely unreliable operating under extended heat in Las Vegas), so I left the radar detector and Thinkware on the first two, and my old dash cam and crappy red underglow strips plugged into my Y-splitter.  As far as hardwiring any of my car appliances goes. I don't really care for it. I have four non-standard devices, this being one of them, and I cannot foresee any of them operating in a long enough lifespan to require me to hardwire them to my fuse boxes, not to mention I was forced to remove and reinstall them several times depending I where I was going. Both of my cameras will see its end someday, i'm certain of it because it usually would malfunction within a year, although Thinkware appears to assure that due to its file format that it would prevent my memory card from degrading according to the manual (okay, what about heat, which killed my Abeo at one point?). Finally, local police in thearea are adapting to radar detector use, and I usually see them using Power-On Processing before they fire a regular beam to get the speed so I might switch that one out.  And in some states my other accessories (radar detector & ricer interior lights) are actually illegal, so in long road trips I often was forced to remove those devices. And finally I am not yet convinced I would like to keep my lousy light strips.  6. Horrible video quality at night. Picture is completely out of focus, oncoming headlights, streetlights, and traffic lights both blur and induce glare while the image is grainy with too much focus on artificial light sources. During the day it looks decent, but I doubt you could make out license plates even if you placed it on the front. If some idiot behind you has those high-beams and/or poorly adjusted HID systems at night, the entire image of your recording would take on the hue of that color. For example, blue/white riceboy lights will make the background kind of snowy, purple and green makes it kind of dark and red or cucumber-like. If you are stopped in traffic right under a street light, the background would range from somewhere between pee-yellow to snow-white. In my black car interior facing front, my head looked like it was floating on its own. And then as soon as it becomes a sunny day again everything looks great.  7. Also it doesn't properly record audio, but sounds that occur less than a foot away will be exaggerated and extremely loud (like the event-warning bong), yet sound that’s about five-feet away (front seats, assuming you mounted the cam in the back) is extremely faint, even if you are yelling at someone FULL-BLAST (road rage).ces” and two cigarette lighter “splitters”. I have a 2-outlet cable “Y-Splitter” that I bought from Amazon years ago, and then I have a three-outlet cigarette lighter splitter that I got from Autozone one day. My four appliances are: my Beltronics radar detector, my original Abeo HDVR mirror dash cam, my corny little red LED interior underglow light strips, and finally this Thinkware H50.  What I realized was that your first two highest-power-draw appliances should be connected to your main cigarette lighter splitter. The consequences of it being, if your highest-draw accessories are through your second splitter, then it may suffer constant powering on-off symptoms.  This should be both of your dash cams on the first two outlets, your Y-splitter on the third outlet, and then your less important accessories through that Y-splitter. For me, I was fairly frustrated at my original Abeo dash cam (constant freezing, completely unreliable operating under extended heat in Las Vegas), so I left the radar detector and Thinkware on the first two, and my old dash cam and crappy red underglow strips plugged into my Y-splitter.   As far as hardwiring any of my car appliances goes. I don't really care for it. I have four non-standard devices, this being one of them, and I cannot foresee any of them operating in a long enough lifespan to require me to hardwire them to my fuse boxes, not to mention I was forced to remove and reinstall them several times depending I where I was going. Both of my cameras will see its end someday, i'm certain of it because it usually would malfunction within a year, although Thinkware appears to assure that due to its file format that it would prevent my memory card from degrading according to the manual (okay, what about heat, which killed my Abeo at one point?). Finally, local police in the area are adapting to radar detector use, and I usually see them using Power-On Processing before they fire a regular beam to get the speed so I might switch that one out.  And in some states my other accessories (radar detector & ricer interior lights) are actually illegal, so in long road trips I often was forced to remove those devices. And finally I am not yet convinced I would like to keep my lousy light strips.   6. Horrible video quality at night. Picture is completely out of focus, oncoming headlights, streetlights, and traffic lights both blur and induce glare while the image is grainy with too much focus on artificial light sources. During the day it looks decent, but I doubt you could make out license plates even if you placed it on the front. If some idiot behind you has those high-beams and/or poorly adjusted HID systems at night, the entire image of your recording would take on the hue of that color. For example, blue/white riceboy lights will make the background kind of snowy, purple and green makes it kind of dark and red or cucumber-like. If you are stopped in traffic right under a street light, the background would range from somewhere between pee-yellow to snow-white. In my black car interior facing front, my head looked like it was floating on its own. And then as soon as it becomes a sunny day again everything looks great.   7. Also it doesn't properly record audio, but sounds that occur less than a foot away will be exaggerated and extremely loud (like the event-warning bong), yet sound that’s about five-feet away (front seats, assuming you mounted the cam in the back) is extremely faint, even if you are yelling at someone FULL-BLAST (road rage).
R3NFMAQNPZK02P	5	I purchased this for him to put his phone in so that it will be well protected and easy for him to use My son has a Lg Optimus. He is always dropping his phone and has has even got a small chip on the corner of the glass. I purchased this for him to put his phone in so that it will be well protected and easy for him to use. He has no problem accessing any features of his phone now. This case is light weight and i love that it has a viewing window on the front of the cover so you can see the clock or notifications. It is stylish and he loves it. His phone now is safe and sound against drops .  I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review. However I don't just give glowing reviews to a product just because i received it free or a discount. If my review helped you in any way please click
R35VVW20O4KCV	5	Five Stars Very good quality!
RXUAN1K1JOTIV	3	Small, Holds Phone well, a CC & ID but don't expect to carry cash. If all you plan to take with you is a credit card and ID, this is a great little carry case.  If you are hoping to use it to carry cash as well, don't expect to carry much or closing this will be difficult.  It does hold the phone securely and I was able to take photos with no problem.  It worked for what I needed it for which was something small to carry on vacation, however I did use a little bigger purse to carry my extra cash, cards & essentials.  For now it's back in the closet, will re-access later.
R2GA1DVYN4GXHE	5	A highly recommended case Extremely well designed case, as expected from BlackBerry. Useful, elegant, protects well the phone. Real leather. I do recommend it.
R3P21BVHTO84LP	1	One Star I purchased this case and it did not  fit my phone.
RGYQVTQ3SKUGR	3	Three Stars Goes on pretty easy... easily scratched and marred...
R2URALMKH90XQG	3	They get caught in my hair and come off easily. I ordered these by mistake. They get caught in my hair and come off easily.
R3RLO3KJPEJIIE	3	The case is excellent and just like the supcase one I was replacing The case is excellent and just like the supcase one I was replacing.  Unfortunately the HOT PINK looks more red to me than pink.  I should have ordered the white as I started to do.
R2RG017ZCZC2CU	5	product is great.. bought this as part of my husbands birthday gift and it arrived on time, product is great...you can change colors to match with your clothes.
R394I4JY8E9OOT	5	Great easy replacement LCD Awesome product. It comes all together. All you have to do is put your motherboard and parts back in it. You don't have to pull your old home key and buttons off your old phone. I had mine rebuilt in a15-20 mins. I know how to replace my glass but if you don't this is the product for you. Clear brand new looking image. I would give this more stars if I could.
R1WCLAXY9X50FD	5	Five Stars Works great.
R314R0B1Q9FSTB	5	This selfie stick has a solid feel and seems very sturdy. The clamps appear very secure My daughter loves this selfie stick.  She had purchased a much cheaper one and it did not work very well.  This selfie stick has a solid feel and seems very sturdy.  The clamps appear very secure.  The blue tooth paired with her iPhone very easily and quickly.
R837YE1A42LPT	5	For the price and quality this is the best but I have found for a glass screen protector For the price and quality this is the best but I have found for a glass screen protector! I will buy more and recommend this product. It also comes with cleaning wipes and tape to take the lint off before applying the screen protector
RXJE1IV2UZ2QZ	5	PLUG IT IN! If you have some USB devices that you utilize in your car then you need this.
R2VN16VUVDFS2H	3	Very Stylish and extremely durable/ portable Very Stylish and extremely durable/ portable  Pros: - Stylish - Discrete (not gaudy/ loud/ or annoying)  Cons: - Magnet is not powerful enough to hold in place all phones (my 6&#34; phone constantly slips) - Does not work well with phone cases
R1UGAF3MFE08JZ	1	Do Not Buy This Thing. Galaxy S6 Active, if you don't know, is a heavily durable marvel of a phone with a bit of extra coating -- but not so much that it's heavier than any other case.  Unfortunately, this charging station is so ridiculously finnicky that you can have the charger perfectly lined up and have the charging light at a perfect solid green and still have no charge.  I've left my phone on this for over a half hour.  I come back to a 5% battery.  No seriously, it was 10% when I put it on there.  Even when you spend five minutes lifting it up and putting it back down over and over to ensure the light is green and the phone actually recognizes it (these are two separate things, by the way -- the light can be green and your phone won't know there's a charger there), you still need to be certain that it's doing anything by monitoring it.  I did both of these, still 5%.  It was plugged directly into an outlet, too, so there was zero interference or loss of power.  I was looking forward to this product and had my hopes up.  Unfortunately this is worst product I have ever purchased.  The wired cord that comes with it is significantly more reliable, works every time without the wireless base, so it's definitely the charger itself.
RWYI8CWMPTAE5	1	Poor QUALITY one star  I hate to give a one star...Took the phone to be repaired by a professional... Long story short, I was sold a bad screen & requested a refund.
R2OHME88NI4EO	5	Five Stars Excellent case for my LG G3 with an additional cover. Well pleased with this case.
R3W00Q9YO1VRIU	5	I actually like the look of this more than the original Apple ... It fits my Apple Sports watch so much! I actually like the look of this more than the original Apple Watch Space Grey with the Steel Band and that costs $1200 after tax! This band is really well made , very comfortable and looks so much nicer . I love the stitching detail.
R38ISD7GKYVZKM	4	Four Stars cute little case
R145R5BMR22U6J	5	great case fits perfect, looks nice too, very classic and outstanding.
RAIXWQZ5GMTNG	5	Five Stars Nice
RL08JG4R6I1RT	4	... the phone well and the rubber sides do not easily bend back - I have the clear one which ... It fits the phone well and the rubber sides do not easily bend back - I have the clear one which is actually a little bit different model than the colored ones. However, after several weeks the sides turned a brownish color, which is not very attractive. After about 6 months it bothered me too much and I purchased a different case (leather one from Apple - love it). Also, the back is not scratch resistant like it says - it is plastic after all so I never expected it to resist scratches. Overall, the case protects well, especially for the price. But if you get the all clear just know it will change over time.
RN5G2WARLJAUN	1	Nope! I wish this case was made better! Both layers are a hard plastic that does not work well with each other. Me and my husband got this same case for different phones in different colors and we both had the same problem. Our phones kept popping out the case. Whether it was a corner or one of the sides for some reason it wouldn't stay put. I honestly think its because the case is 2 hard plastics together vs. the alt silicone/gel base and hard plastic cover. We loved the idea of having the kick stand and the cool look but being functional is always top priority! I mean what's the use of added features to a car that doesn't drive??
R1TKS0WNJCIP5N	3	Three Stars that's nice and simple to assembly.
R3M8L3239GAAF1	5	Five Stars Love it
R36U1VY6Y8UFT5	1	This battery was not an original Samsung and caused the ... This battery was not an original Samsung and caused the phone to turn off and on sporadically. I could not use it.
R26SLYHFXZNZM7	5	Five Stars perfect
R1MKUWVIM0ESO4	5	So pleased that I've recommended to my friends! This is an all around win win situation! My order arrived on time as promised. Extremely easy to apply. No glare or distortions. So relieved that my phones screen is now protected. I have recommended the Pleson tempered glass screen proctor to my friends.
RMO0QW5GCFB64	5	Great battery. The unit charges 4 usb items at ... Great battery.  The unit charges 4 usb items at once.  It's been great to keep both my phones, Ipod, and any other device I need to top off charged while in airports or on planes, or in business meetings where power is unavailable.  Great customer service.  15 months into use, the unit still held a charge, however it would not output power to my devices.  Emailed Anker with the issue, and they are sending a replacement free of charge.  Thanks Anker!
R3L9ZMQBMIHE3N	4	Not as vibrant as pictured Fits the lg g2 vs980 version good, the strips were not as vibrant as pictured.
R1SI5DM03OP1SX	1	One Star The product broke after a week of use
R33TXQDXUOFOX	5	He liked it so much I oder anther one for his ... I order this for my boss to find different jobs. He liked it so much I oder anther one for his other truck.
R3NI70LF2IM0IH	1	HORRIBLE, waited an insane amount of time and the ... HORRIBLE,  waited an insane amount of time and the tablet doesn't even stay in. It's loose and very poorly made! The Stylus cushion fell off within days! Definitely got what we paid for!
R11DIWHY8KTQ3N	5	works does its job well
R38J8P6UM6NLT7	4	Four Stars Fit well. Dont plan on taking it off though
R2DDGMKSK2U7ZS	1	One Star Poorly made but I guess you get what you pay for.
R2SAMCC4493WRZ	5	It fits the watch perfectly and looks great. Product is exactly as described. It fits the watch perfectly and looks great.
RTBOIPIVTGHID	1	Don't Followed the instructions, destroyed my phone, cost me $400 to get a new phone. Bad idea! I have replaced screens on kindles successfully, don't use this kit.
R21DN9YBVQXUBS	5	Five Stars holds a charge for a long time and charges my phone rapidly
R34JEM2JIO429W	5	very happy. works well and protects my phone! very happy.
RFOWNT3RNN4RL	3	Look for a better alternative It is a so so transmitter. The sound quality is mediocre and all channels have noise. There is no dingle channel where the sound is very clear.
R1EJIDYAKE11JR	5	Five Stars Great product. I love it.  It charges my phone quickly and looks great too.
R38JTDE1Q4Y0DL	3	Defective part I love how adjustable this is, and it seems like it would be very secure, as other reviewers note ... if I could get the thing to latch properly. The first time I tried to lower the lever in the back to anchor it down, the lever popped off, and I couldn't get it to work at all. After fussing with it a lot for about a week, it finally randomly stuck, and I was not about to mess with it!  I used it happily for over a month and loved it, but then it just popped off again - I didn't hit a bump, touch it, or anything, it just let go, sending my phone for a ride while I was driving. I can't get it back on for the life of me.  So I took a closer look at each piece, and it turns out that the latch looks defective. The plastic parts that should poke into the little holes of the stand, anchoring the joint in place, are warped and useless. One side is just straight, flush with the rest of the part, and so doesn't do anything, and the other side looks like it was melted and bent inward, resulting in a bulge way too big to fit in the hole. I have no idea how this thing held on for a month, and don't expect it to again.  It seems like an awesome product, but I'm disappointed with the defective workmanship. I'd still consider another one.
R2X6GN6BXMV1M5	5	Five Stars Good for the money
R1H6U6MMT12M0T	4	Got for my Dad ! Dad loved it
R3RYY50F05VORT	5	Great looking, durable case Great looking ,durable case. I bought one for myself then a second for my daughter after really liking mine. Fast service. Would do business with them again.
R1YSYJ5PCKZ2JV	4	Four Stars nice looking, holds phone well, stash a credit card and a few bills when going out!
R206Z4NSDESPEI	5	Five Stars Worked like a charm.
R2S8C54S43UC0X	4	This case was so easy to put on my cell phone This case was so easy to put on my cell phone, fits like a glove. I have only had this cell phone case for a month but, I would have no problems recommending this cell phone case to anyone.
R2UDLJG75W8W8V	1	No good Cheap plastic. Tore very easily. Does not stay in place.
R2IQ59RWI5KZCE	3	... really tight and the outer rubber gives it a good grip. Unfortunately the inner plastic shell snaps on really tight and the outer rubber gives it a good grip. Unfortunately, the bottom charging port cover doesn't align quite right with the phone and the top headphone jack cover is starting to tear after just a couple uses.
RCV400PG3CZEF	5	Great case! Love it! Great fit -a gel case not a plastic case like I thought.
RU3BIM4YEFQ6V	5	Five Stars Great product
R3ALIR8PGAORO2	5	Awesome! This case is great! Its super slim and fits perfect and offers great drop protection.
R20Y3KG5K1K8B4	1	One Star Broke after 2 weeks.
R3G0ZQM036523Z	5	Really Great Sylus That I Plan to Stick With Really great stylus.  I especially like the more narrow tip.  One small disadvantage when compared with a broader-tipped stylus is that I have to press and hold the &#34;back arrow&#34; on the lower-right of the device to get it to work (this is a Galaxy Note 4).  With the broader-tipped stylus, it was more of just a tap.  Anyway, given the choice, I'll stick with these.  Oh, and I also like the included replacement tips.
R1N6M65H0B5NM4	4	Bulky but decent. It's pretty bulky, but I lived with that.  The kickstand is pretty flimsy and broke after a few months.  It did it's job, for the price it's not bad but I ordered a different one as a replacement.
R1WU00AHQ2XHY4	5	Five Stars I love this device!!!
RGY3B0SRR7YRW	1	Should have listened to the poor reviews on this item Should have listened to the poor reviews on this item. Did not work from the first attempt. Dont waste your time or money, please.
RO7E6KFN32573	5	Husband approved! Husband loves if.
R2BDFEDA565EWA	1	dont buy it This was just an iPhone part
RMWDJ4S1CEC1S	1	One Star It was too big
R2QF6J3LL7H04A	4	Good phone for every day. Nice phone.Amazing long life battery and sweet custom os color, white and orange, looks cool. It's will be 5 starts if Blu developer team update phone to Lollipop as they promise in june.
R1DM381CTC8XZL	1	Don't Do It. My items has stopped working after day 4. I reset, and reset, and deleted app, and reset and charged, and blah blah. It won't syn the correct time anymore. It will count steps but I won't sync with my iPhone 5. I was excited for something so cheap! BUT I got what I paid for. :(
R1S7NRX42DHB2U	3	tiny metal ring where the lanyard clips onto has already ... tiny metal ring where the lanyard clips onto has already come off, and a bit of color is fading, but otherwise decently made.
R1T2DCBRA3PTMS	5	Best Glow In The Dark Case I've Seen Fits great. Not too thick. Easy to take off but stays on securely. I've had 2 othe glow in the dark cases and this one glows the brightest.
R180148OBBMNO	5	... a fair review and this is one of the best car chargers I had thus far I received a discount on my order for a fair review and this is one of  the best car chargers I had thus far. I am normally picky about what chargers I purchase but this one charges my phone really fast. I don't really have time to charge my phone from the time I get in the car till the time I get out. I recommend this charger to anyone that needs to go from 0 to 100 really quickly.
R1UGLGTG4L1ELC	5	Five Stars This was for my husband's phone and he loves it.  Would order again.
R3LFAELGAQ4YUS	4	Four Stars Nice case. It protects well, fits credit cards and more. Love the color and everything about it.
R1R2R5M0FYXLWZ	4	Four Stars okay
R1FGFEF4CHDZXH	5	Five Stars Great product
R1W57NQ4HEZAGX	4	I love this thing. So cool. A super thin metal plate inside my phone cover and that's it. The magnet grabs and holds the phone in place. It's strong. Everybody that sees it, thinks it's very cool.
R2MXNDE1V2192C	3	Wonderful case except in putting in on one day I ... Wonderful case except in putting in on one day I broke a clip off and now it's hard to keep case shut.
R1B8PEK54LKTQQ	5	Five Stars well
R1OHT2DMS12BBQ	5	Wireless header Great headset sleek and sharp you'll love it.
R25N5PRLSYB777	5	Really nice product! I think I've finally found the place where I'll order all chargers from now on.  Really nice product!
R2255YV8MI4MO6	5	Five Stars Easy to put on and just what I was looking for.  Price very good in comparison to Apple product.
R2YYZXU80WBOST	5	Five Stars Love it so far, no complaints!!
R1F4NMN8THTW5K	5	Great case! Perfect fit, stylish and gets alot of compliments.
R23UYS5TNBKF51	4	Four Stars Great product
R34CHLQ0GKO4N	1	sucks has no button to take the picture sucks
R3TKGR5SO9RR82	5	Five Stars I absolutely loved it and it looks like the exact picture!
R3UJWFJ3NQEBGO	5	Good for th money Excellent graphic and very durable
R2I4WF00JEB014	5	good quality This antenna Is a great upgrade,  with it I am able to pick up transmissions out to about 50 miles away.
RC33TLHW0YRO0	3	Three Stars This item stopped working after 3 weeks.
R27LF4SUO8BGB3	5	works! helps reduce clutter
R1YOWD6B2V061E	5	Five Stars Works very well...
R3GP0DEGERAZDB	4	Four Stars Ok
RMT01L7NPYR82	5	Five Stars The item works fine I would go in another one .
R18IUNHXEZCKWG	5	Five Stars Works great!
R1I3DJYFUNUU1T	5	Five Stars Good product.
RE4C9R1BTEW9A	4	Stylish and durable. Stylish protection for your phone.
RG3YK13VS6453	5	Five Stars Tha box alone is worth it
R2PFCDLNWRWURT	5	Awesome I Love it, highly recommend had the case before phone arrived so it was ready. Once in the case which was a job but completely understood for what kind of impact it can take. I dropped my phone within 3 hours and was in shock cause it landed face down!!!!! But it was perfectly fine not a scratch or anything very happy with my new case Thank you
R9XLWYR7XBR9J	1	The item was received broken. item received broken.
RMDQSA41J68YE	2	I ordered mine and it has a sharp ring to ... I ordered mine and it has a sharp ring to it when I connect my phone to it and it won't stop no matter what station I set it too
R335EISUC517BH	5	The sound is clear and it performs as well as any other name brand device. The sound is clear and it performs as well as any other name brand device.
R1U8H7K55YG5QP	3	I would say overall a good product which does the job The car mount is made well and holds my phone (iPhone 6) firmly. But, the ball which allows 360 rotation caused the phone to be too far away from the vent grip. After a while, due to the weight of the phone it leans forward. I would say overall a good product which does the job.
R2CAP3CW79WS5Z	5	Five Stars This is what I wanted and it worked perfectly and continues to work perfectly.
R2D4ARVAG946ME	5	Five Stars Works awesome
R2XGVDIVHJ540S	5	Great case fpr me Great case fpr me.  Most of the time I carry my phone in my pocket and the aluminum is light, thin and protective.  Perfect.
R37ZX0438UU25F	3	Great.!! Came on time iPhone look good with it.!
RRQVWO5F7CXWE	5	Excellent product, excellent price. Excellent quality of stand and packaging, well made, included lightning cable built in, which was a pleasant surprise. Would buy again and strongly recommend. Just waiting for watchOS 2 so I can use nightstand mode on the Apple Watch while charging, stand should be compatible with feature based on the angle it is held at.
R2GXGYL6ITDCYU	5	This is my 2 koolkase and I absolutely love them! They fit my phone perfect and look ... This is my 2 koolkase and I absolutely love them! They fit my phone perfect and look exactly like the picture! I won't use anything else from now on.
RWQZIM4SU3CIB	5	better thatn original Great, better than the original
R1JFGUYQVQ0TS8	5	Five Stars best phone I've ever had
R3IBXUZUTN8AYW	5	Awesome product for the money. This is a great little stereo kit. I put this setup in a cooler for a float trip and now I will have to order more because several people I know want me to make them on.  Pros: - Kit includes everything you need to wire up the amp and speakers, plus has an aux hookup for phones, iPods, etc. - Speakers are decently loud and clear. As long as you don't play bass heavy music and have the volume cranked to max, these little speakers sound decent. - The amp is really small so it can fit in tight places (such as a cooler), or on an ATV or motorcycle.  Cons: - The volume knob it comes with is not very good. If you barely touch it the volume goes up drastically. Also a normal knob would increase gradually from 8 oclock to 4 oclock with 8 being off and 4 being maxed out. This knob maxes out around 11 oclock and the rest of the way does nothing. It doesn't get louder. This isn't a huge deal, just something I wanted to point out to people. - The waterproof bag that is meant to hold a cellphone or iPod is pretty small. Any modern cellphone in a case will probably not fit in the bag. You will have to remove the case most likely. My Galaxy S4 in a case wouldn't fit in the bag unfortunately.  Summary: This is a great kit for the money. If you are expecting super loud music that is as clear as a concert you are looking at the wrong product. I would like to remind everybody that the speakers are about $10 a piece and you truly do get what you pay for. I do believe that most people will enjoy this product if they keep in mind just how cheap it is. This kit works great for someone looking for some music in their boat, atv, or cooler. If you need something cheap, that doesn't sound too bad and is decently loud; go ahead and get this product. You won't be disappointed.
R1C1EF815GWCS4	3	Nice, rugged case Nice, rugged case, but the rubber is a little too grippy, so I found it to be a little too hard to get in and out of the holster.  Sure, you don't want it to fall out, but it should be a little easier to get out.
R2QCMOG408QWI8	3	Mediocre but it works. The Good:  It works.  The Bad:  First and foremost, no mounting screws.  I spent an extra hour or two trying to find screws to fit this stereo with the adapter I had to use to install it in my Ford Explorer.  I finally found some that fit, installed the deck, and it slid back inside the dash when I finished because the screws I scrounged up don't fit exactly right and are too loose.  What the heck, you can't even include a set of screws with a stereo?  Very annoyed by this.  Secondly the MP3 navigation system is abysmal.  Good luck trying to figure out what's in what folder...  it just puts all your MP3s in a huge stack and you get to have fun guessing what might be where by entering in numbers from 1 to 700 etc etc if you have a big memory card.  And what's with the radio having good sound and the MP3s sounding bassless?  Wishing I spent the extra money to buy a better unit.
RTKSVOD0QV2Q6	5	My video review of the Apple Watch Bamboo Charging Dock! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kjw2-Hn6fVs
RPN5C7CTZQX1T	5	This works perfectly. Holds your phone securely. This works perfectly.  Holds your phone securely.
R26OT03G8SPTX1	4	Four Stars works great holds a charge for me all week
R11QWL499YXWY5	4	Four Stars Perfect fit for me.
R82360TTONMIO	5	I totally love the photobomb selfie stick and will be using this ... I've never owned a selfie stick honestly, so this is the first one actually but I will say this much, the photobomb selfie stick is really convienant for me to use, there's no extra wires attached to get in the way. And the photobomb selfie stick completely supports my iphone when in place so in not worried about my phone falling and getting damaged because it's securely held into place using padding to so now scratches occur while placing it into the selfie stick. I totally love the photobomb selfie stick and will be using this everyday. I also highly reccomend purchasing one if you haven't already, not only is this a great item I got it for an unbeatable price with the exchange of a review and last but not least the shipping was super fast. Thanks
R2VBMF773BNEC4	1	One Star WAY TOO BIG
R3RA5EHTGQ8KPZ	5	Five Stars Works exactly as expected
R2QJE4IR9G2IX0	4	Four Stars Great buy
R2AR2LGRM4QBTJ	4	Stylish stylus Stylish and comes with an ink pen inside which is great for those at the moment, quickies or to sign a check, but who does that anymore? Anyway, you have to give a firm push when using this stylus. It doesn't sense the pen or rather the screen fast as I'd like it to...like the note4 phone. But it looks good and matches my  Pwr+ Silver Metal Pivoting Flex Ipad Stand Holder.
R32KLZ3SO3TI3O	5	I really like it High quality I got this free for testing and review purposes ,  I really like it High quality
R21B3T3WLUKNOK	4	good quality and husband likes a lot Came quickly, good quality and husband likes a lot.  Thanks Cell-Nerds!
R1PSNXGZHXNTWV	2	Nah. The colors on the case were smearing into other colors when I got it. Not worth the money.
R38DJW7NFTSO3E	5	Five Stars exactly what we needed, received in a timely fashion.
R2QNRXOHJKTXJ6	4	Missing item. It didn't come with the GPS software CD.
R1XI93XACF90UG	5	Five Stars It was excellent. I love it
R16GSYAKU7R0PB	5	Easy,Super Clear and Top Quality! I have to say, this product is a amazing. I have been using iCarez products for a few years now and it's never disappointing. The installation was super easy. My tip's on installing is a choose clean room. Pre close the room windows, and doors 1hr before installation, Dust floats everywhere around. So the less you move,and good lighting so you can spot any dust before in the pealing of the installation the better it will go. Mine was 99.9% perfect. I would recommend this product over anything! : )
R35HTFRB3CYAWZ	4	Four Stars Efficient, while not the nicest design. But the &#34;excess&#34; in texture and decoration makes it easier to grasp, TBT...
R16VVTTMUR686Q	5	Compact and Tough. This mount is great! Not too bulky, works amazing on cars with shorter front windows, bigger phones work perfect on this, iPhone 6Plus and Galaxy S6! Doesn't work on my dashboard but having it on the window is no problem! I stick it on my bathroom mirror to hold my phone and listen to my music when I shower, its great, now My phone doesn't get wet. I like how the swivel feels so secure, doesn't wiggle around while driving. Love how the clamp works! some crack easily but this one seems so tough.
R3HVDUD0VEFQ7G	1	Complete s*** Broke the 4th day I had it and second using it
RM5997D04BJ7M	5	Five Stars Looks cool and works well
R2COS0DMP3S1PA	5	Great 90 degree cable. It's great the have a 90 degree cable. I love it!
R3MR0QAN48OS6N	5	Five Stars Love it
R2K6UR7Z6TW2OJ	5	Five Stars Love
R2FJIDMRQ5KS11	5	Five Stars Awesome screen protector. :)  incredibly easy to apply,  and that's coming from someone who has no hand-eye coordination.
R399F2TVUIITR6	5	Great case. Very satisfied. I was a bit worried when ordering this as I read some of the comments stating this case did not fit properly. There were also comments stating the back of the phone needed to be removed in order for the case to fit properly. I found neither of these statements to be true.  The case fit snugly with the original back on the phone and all buttons worked properly. I think the reason for the reviews stating the case did not fit is simply that this case is for the 1st generation Moto E released in 2014. If you are unsure which case you have, you should check your model number to be certain before ordering.  I am 100% satisfied, and received my case one day earlier that expected. Would recommend to anyone with a 1st generation Moto E that needs more than just a soft silicon case to protect against drops.
R2HUWV5GGO62C9	5	Five Stars I love this case but wish it had a handle connected to case for carring
R2ZIJKS4SQW4T7	2	Angry Only received half of the case. Very angry! !
R17ZU63UGTG7S4	5	easy to install and does protect screen Worked well, easy to install and does protect screen. You do have to wipe down the protector a lot.
R3CLDY7FEHTG1L	5	TARDIS Phone Case a Toughie! Used this for two years before the rubber sides started detaching from the metal backing. Dropped my phone many times, but this little beauty protected it well! A job well done.
R1FJ5Z138K0LWJ	5	Awsome products and low prices I like the service it's fast And the products are awesome prices can't ask for less It's the first time I buy from amazon I love it
R2CR0TE18040SY	5	Highly recommend. This case is very well made and designed fitting the phone beautifully. This case offers a very high level of protection for both phone and screen from water as well as dust, dirt or accidental damage. The case is both easy to fit and remove. When fitted you are still able to utilize all buttons and ports- afterwards just ensure to properly fit the protective seals so that the case remains waterproof.Overall this is a very well made and designed case which is both easy to fit and remove. The case provides a very high level of protection from water as well as dust, dirt and accidental damage. Highly recommend.
R2UAOF83BVZR2M	2	did not like them, every time I plugged it into my ... did not like them, every time I plugged it into my nav system a message came across that it was not charging so I sent them back
R26G2JYTS7U6X4	5	Why Didn't I Think of This? Simple to mount and use.  Works great.  Excellent price (on sale).
R1GLZARY31E3AR	4	BLING! For me daughter.  She loves it.
R17A4TEZKL0I3M	4	A CAT-TASTIC CASE (Hehehe puns :) ) I love this case so much. It's wonderful, but it's slightly cheaply made. The printing doesn't line up on it very well, but regardless I love it. The shape hugs the frame and its so adorable. I've gotten a lot of laughs and compliments from it. Thank you! :)
R3M8OS32O7GMXN	4	Four Stars good!
R1ZYUNY4NZ4EQG	5	Five Stars better than expected!  5 stars!
R22MTRO0GZA05O	5	Five Stars Works great and it's pretty rugged.
RY8OYCOVBUQ7A	5	Strong Cable!!! It Works Just Like The Original...I Love Anker Products!!! This Is My 10th Item Bought From Them With Absolutely No Complains..
R1I8ZNTII1O9W8	5	Over all good Good case
R380XOEZOUW1L1	4	Four Stars It's working out very well.
RPDIWD9TZAIR6	4	Four Stars Great price. I thought phone would come on, when case was opened up.
R186L3S0J1JCDV	5	Perfect! The cord is super long and it works great! Exactly as expected.
R9PS13JX2UTSN	5	Five Stars I love it!
R2ZXNZXPY0BEKH	5	Five Stars 👍🏼
R1PKHMPLPSXGSW	5	Good Buy, worth every cent. Tried the Freefly VR at my friend’s house and I was absolutely blown away.  We used it for mobile vr gaming so it was tethered to the pc and trinus gyre with moonlight used to stream to a galaxy s6 phone.  The ease of use is a good plus. I’ve also tried the homido before, I can say without a doubt that Freefly is a lot better and I mean a lot.  It’s easy to calibrate, more comfortable, looks very professional, awesome customer service and fast replies, you get a free controller with it, and I can go on... The only thing that the homido has and I wished Freefly had was a way to adjust the IPD, I’m not gonna lie that is a really good feature.  Hope the next version of Freefly will have this as well! Although I must say the lenses of the Freefly are very big and a very high quality! Thanks for an awesome product guys.
R24PE68ZWQ4BDH	5	Five Stars Sleek and stylish.
R2C51HVCP42258	1	I ended up just throwing it away. Obviously it is a cheap case but it looks more cheap in person than on these pictures. I ended up just throwing it away.
R2WAYZ1XB4CWOK	2	I prefer the direct wire Too much hissing
R10BY59CBGMPJW	5	Five Stars very useful
R1YJ63HONERFTT	5	Great deal! Cute! Cheap! & fits!
R186FQERAWXTEN	1	Stay Away Poor, feel apart after first use
R1MTDT7F5E9W5M	2	Two Stars Design peeled off 2 weeks after in use
RDZKJMQXARQ9F	5	I highly recommend This was a gift for my daughter due her frequent traveling.  Its a very significant piece of equipment but she is enjoying, plus she likes being able to help her friends by charging their devices as well.  This is long lasting even after most portable chargers are dead this one is still going.
R1OUAX16LSVIE7	5	Excellent Product. The case does exactly as I had hoped.  I have taken my phone in and out several times and have had no problems putting it in or removing it.  It won't hold a lot of cash but it serves my purpose and keeps everything handy and together.
R257RDPFTS0UG8	2	Two Stars Had to return.
R3VQ0SQ93L2Y1M	4	Four Stars Great price, easy to use.  I thought I ordered the blue unit, received the green one instead.
R108VJM3KP35N0	5	Five Stars Long lasting and a great product.  I recommend it.
R1ZZLJH9EF9QYX	5	Recommend this case My daughter loves this case! It shipped fast, it's cute and is sturdy so it will protect her phone from normal teenage life. the price was outstanding considering how durable the case is!
R2NQCDHZN5GRAP	1	Does not work. Can't change the channel. I ... Does not work.  Can't change the channel.  I am sending it back.
RVL87GSYQFPM1	5	Five Stars I receive it on time I  working good with that  SamsungTelephone
R1XM0LGR852MO6	3	Adequate These cables are okay but they are loose fitting with some devices.The wire is kind of flimsy. I would not call them premium but they didn't cost a lot. My kids are careless with them usually stepping on the ends or the puppy chewing the wires so they are a big help.
R2LIRYDJ4HKTAN	2	The back is not that great, the glue has already started to detach The back is not that great, the glue has already started to detach. I have had the phone a few weeks! Also the battery dies constantly. As a matter of fact as of this moment .....the phone will not turn on at all...I have no idea why! I tried to take the back off and that too is a pain! I would not purchase this phone again! I actually would like my money back for this one!!!!!!
R2UQ1BG906P2K0	5	Great unit Perfect solution to hold my iPhone 6 Plus with case in my 2014 Hyundai Tucson. Sturdy, too.
RSC10JYYHJ8OO	4	Convenient for multiple travelers with multiple devices... The charger is great in terms of how easy it was to manage multiple devices for more than 1 person on a long international trip.  My only complaint was that the on/off switch stopped functioning about halfway through the trip and I had to unplug it from the wall whenever I wanted to turn it off.
RK00RPX1S2AJM	2	DON'T BUY Don't waste your money buying this phone. I could use the phone only a year. its a total crap, no signal at all. I paid 165 dollars to fix broken screen. 4 month later I got trouble finding mobile signal and a week later no signal at all. After contacting customer care, they told me I again have to pay about 150 box to repair my phone signal problem. I'm so upset and thinking to buy another phone, absolutely not from LG.
R1NAEVTWQVZJ1V	5	Five Stars Great cords
R27N4LST8IR0G9	5	Five Stars Worked just fine.
R18U9T1LWJVWDJ	5	Strong and durable. This little stand is so handy! I look up recipes a lot on my phone and refer to them in the kitchen. I am constantly having to wash my hands and pick up my phone to read/view what to do next. With this little stand, I can sinply attach my phone and put the stand on my counter. I do not worry at all that my phone will fall. The suction is very reliable and strong. The pieces were very easy to assemble and stay together well. I have also found my son using this to put his ipod on while he watches videos. This is a nice little device to have around. I received this product at a reduced rate in exchange of an honest review.
R3N750ONJ6719U	1	One Star dont get it
R1LJ8UL9DVGW14	4	Four Stars As Promised
R32F3DDMBW059F	5	Five Stars Great product!  No problems. Don't buy anything else. This is all you need.
RO6FLHPRZDTZT	2	Two Stars Fell apart after a couple of days. But worked well while it lasted.
RURNE15TI9XLN	5	a yes from me! Fast delivery. Amazing case, fits my phone perfectly and gives it an even more simple yet attractive look. Caseology always delivers.
RW623HGHNWMNX	4	Four Stars My son loved it.
R35JAH3ZDOMMBA	2	The only reason for giving it two stars was the team design on back was pretty cool. This case broke in less than a week. The only reason for giving it two stars was the team design on back was pretty cool.
RC9QA1IFKYZ9Q	5	Five Stars great charger just like the one that comes with a htc phones
R7EWAGN62KFIT	4	... of the family and this phone was very very good they loved it no bad complain I had a little feedback on the phones that I ship to members of the family and this phone was very very good they loved it no bad complain Thanks
R2FG25O060FR3	5	Five Stars I love the length ....
REI487A5QS8EE	5	Five Stars Have not used it much yet, but appears to be a very handy power supply.
R2T6TQJ52YRTCG	5	Simple, Cost-Effective, Clear Case If you want a clear case to still see the true look of your phone while still having some protection against scratches and small drops at a reasonable price, this is the product for you. It's cost-effective, fits perfectly, and still allows you to see the actual iPhone itself. The built in caps for the audio jack and lightning port are great as well to keep dust and lint out while the phone is in your pocket.  This case won't be the most rugged or perfect case you'll find, but for the price it works as expected.
R1K3PC4Q460P10	5	Five Stars Exactly what we needed and works great!
R394U3HRUXLV68	5	A snazzy looking case that lives up to it's promises This is an absolutely gorgeous case. My hubby has been whinging about having a hard time finding a cool case for his LG, and this one fit the bill. He likes that he can get it in a color besides black ( I picked out the blue for him). You don't have to put this on your phone as a whole new case, your phone just pops right in. It's sturdy and withstands some pretty bad drops- he's a klutz- it went down the stairs last night and his phone is just fine. LG's have the most dainty little screens- they will shatter if you look at them funny, so that was pretty impressive. It sticks to his magnetic car mount and will stay open if you want to use it as a kickstand. The quick circle opening is great, you don't have to open the case when you want to check the time or see who's calling. It also has a handy dandy slot for your ID or credit card so you can take just the necessities when exercising or walking the dog or whatevs.  I received this product at a discount necessary to facilitate my honest review. No other forms of payment were or will be received.
RM5UKLR3RT8H5	4	Ive had this charger for over a year, it ... Ive had this charger for over a year, it is very durable. It is starting to get bent by the charger part (from over use), it still works, though!
R3F7SRJGH450VB	1	Two Stars Rubber on the case started to take the screen protector off the phone
R6556035K2PGC	5	Five Stars Love my power backup :D
R359PHUFU7ZTXV	5	Redeemed! I'm fine with this cable being a little on the heavy side, and not really wrapping up as nicely as the other &#34;regular&#34; cables.  I'll trade the portability for something that's going to last.  But this didn't last.  After only a handful of uses (4), the Lightning connector broke right off in my phone.  Luckily, I keep a multi-tool in the car, and was able to get it out. These cables aren't cheap, and I was hoping this would be the last one I'd have to buy.  The regular Apple and Belkin cables lasted much longer than these. Very disappointed. ****UPDATE**** Okay, I have to say their customer service is great!  They explained the situation to me, and replaced both of my cables (only one broke so far, but they replaced both just in case the other one broke) and explained the situation to me.  It seems that there was a fault in the initial production run that caused the breakage, but that's all worked out, and the updated product works as it should. I'm giving this 5 stars now, because they obviously care about their products and want to ensure that they stand behind them.  They've gone above and beyond to make sure things are right, and I appreciate that. I'll update this review if I find anything worthy of an update, but I'm very happy with this cable so far. Love it!
R33DVNK0PSILHG	5	Five Stars Nice and fast shipping
RMCVCB7I613ZH	5	A Must Have!! Update 11/2: I dropped my phone pretty bad with no case on and I got two hairline scratches across the phone and when I removed the screen protector there wasn't any damage on the phone! I am so happy to switch from a plastic protective firm to a glass protector. I had a misconception that glass screen protectors had a complicated application process, however applying a glass protector isn't different from applying a plastic screen protector. I say it's a must have for the chance that I could drop my phone and the screen protector would take all the damage and the screen protector would pay for itself. I like how the protector doesn't change the clarity or feel of the LG G3 screen. Plus, this screen protector covers the bottom bezel which makes the screen protector less noticeable. *Sample provided for review. I was not compensated for a positive review.
R12N0DQL3CK6XT	5	Five Stars Great smart watch! Own the original Pebble and this is definitely a step forward! You won't be disappointed!
R2SINFEUIC355A	5	Five Stars Love this product, very nice.
R39L497SAY88OR	5	Five Stars works great
R1ULNLNGGBFPLC	3	Three Stars I ORDERED THE WRONG ONE I WAS TRYING TO ORDER THE GLASS COVER
RKGL8M51C8PLJ	1	Junk Bought this in advance of a trip to Europe to charge multiple devices with one charger versus carrying multiple chargers. Didn't work. Now I'm back and I can't return. Don't waste your money on this.
R1O1DX4YPYKPEU	5	Five Stars Excellent!
RHVDAXQDZXV9Y	5	Five Stars Great and excellent product, protect excellent the iPhone Screen.
R39Y0RCZQ7UXB9	5	GREAT DEVICE Works great, save me many plugs. Been using it several months, taking it to trips and people were amazed on how many slots I had. No problem so far, and based on reviews I bought 2 ahead of time, and they are both still good.
RA7VNKXQMI7CU	5	Five Stars Very nice
R31D5T9P4HQ56	4	I'm very pleased with this little subwoofer solution I'm very pleased with this little subwoofer solution.  I needed something that would be compact and out of the way, plus I really just wanted a little bit of bass to round out my listening experience.  This seemed to be a really good fit for my criteria and the price was definitely right.  I'm giving it 4 out of 5 stars because the sound could be better.  The response could be a bit tighter, it's a little flubby or loose in the low end.  All things considered, though, I'm still very impressed with it.  It's plenty loud and it really brings out the punch in a kick drum, which is mainly what I wanted.  Just make sure you take some time to mess around with the settings (don't forget about the settings in your cd player!) to find the optimal sound for you.  Also, I purchased the BOSS Audio KIT2 8 Gauge Amplifier Installation Kit which provided me with everything I needed (and more) to get my subwoofer set up.  Set up was easy enough that I was able to take some tools to work the day that it arrived and install it at the park.  I've been using this for over a month now and I would recommend this to someone who just wants a tasteful amount of sub-frequencies in a small foot print.
R2NI41I3V8EQ12	2	Two Stars Super cute but it broke way too easily. You get what you pay for
RR5MK71OQZEQ8	5	Five Stars I am extremely pleased with the product!
R3JPJESXAEM6V4	5	easy to install Fits perfectly, easy to install.
RRJMPXAKQINRO	5	You gotta love prime. Lost my charger for the shuffle. This came in just 2 days and did the trick. You gotta love prime.
RJGJKKYW7EX78	4	Good Deal for Samsung Brand Battery I purchased this battery replacement for my nephew as he is no longer able to charge his phone through a cable and relies on charging batteries outside of the phone and switching them out. For the price and fact it's a Samsung battery it's a great deal. I haven't heard any complaints from him on it not working in a month.
R2ETSUFAWS1M40	4	Decent case... I've had this a couple ... Decent case... I've had this a couple time... they last me 4-6 months.  There is a button on the top, and the opening for the button makes the case weak in that area... It eventually cracks and I have to replace the case.  I've bought cases from other manufacturers as well, and the problem seems to be more with the design of the phone than the case.
R1ISGJQ7K3MUGZ	1	One Star This is not a fast charger like it states.  Very disappointed.
RDJJOWIIF0N19	4	So far, works GREAT! So far, so good!  I installed this and tried it out a little over the weekend.  Very low noise from the bluetooth device plugged into one end, MUCH lower than any plug in adapters I've tried.  Plugged my phone into the other side and it seems to charge very fast.  I only took one star off because the power input wires are SO short, only about 4-5 inches!  This made for slightly tougher installation than I was expecting, as I was installing this in the dash.
R1EPSYA8MKAOZN	5	The Best! Great screen protector from a great company. Invisi Shell's customer service is one of the best I've encountered. The screen protector itself is very easy to apply--instructions and everything you need for a successful application is provided. One small flaw I would comment on is the cutting of the protector, as it is not perfect (no matter how much I've tried to align with the phone screen, there is a tiny part of my phone screen that still sticks out). But it rarely ever bothers me, because it's such a small difference. What I love the most about this Invisi Shell screen protector is that I don't even notice that it's there. The screen is so clear, and it is so responsive to the touch. Everything considered, I don't think I will ever be purchasing screen protectors from another company. Thank you, Invisi Shell!
R1KG6ISQNTNFBT	4	Four Stars Second Magellan purchased works great.
R18RS4LUO8ASGN	4	Looks great, but a little too bulky for my taste Looks great on the phone and was a good price. Seems fairly protective. However I do believe that it adds a bit too much weight and bulk to the phone. I'm considering looking for another product.
R2R2U1NPDSN0YD	3	Too Wide for GT-N5110 Seems too wide to slide in the side of my Samsung GT-N5110; otherwise, it works fine.
R15MZIWLXUBX2L	5	Great protection The best glass you can find. I can hardly tell that I got the glass on my phone.
R2HCUNSVJEYVLN	2	Durability is bad. My screen spider webbed 2 days after having ... Durability is bad. My screen spider webbed 2 days after having it. Do not remember ever hitting it on anything. So it was lightly tapped or had pressure on it. I contacted the seller. they said they would fix screen for 30$. While nice they offered to fix, 30$ every 2 days is not my cup of tea. But, while it did work, well after the bt notification setup with no instruction. Looked at youtube video. I did like the watch. Liked that my wrist vibrated and I could see who is calling. My phone does not come out of my pocket easy so I loved this. could respond to txt also. really liked it. I would use this and support it if it did not break so easy. BTW if it spider webs. you can no longer use it, touch screen does not work. had to take battery out to shut it off. so my 2 stars is solely on durability, well and screen size was a little bulky. but that is a touch screen, could get used to that. I personally would like a smaller, not much, just a litter smaller screen, just to see who is calling, texting and such. thats just my preference
R1WVZZ75ES52FH	5	Five Stars works perfectly.
R2GEWT45CTYNF0	5	Nice product works great Nice product works great. It fits my phone perfectly and the color is just the way it looks. Love it!
R1832XPVG5LW0Q	5	Really great case, i've already had a couple close calls ... Really great case, i've already had a couple close calls and its saved my phone every time. The built in screen protector is responsive as well. The case looks great and does its job perfectly.
R2PHESK6PINBGR	4	Four Stars Great product.
RXOLE75F5QKHM	5	quality Thinner than the original but so comfy and love the color exactly as it looks in picture. Nice soft silicone bought this color and two in green so far.
RWKFOBVKJCXXO	5	The best of the best. Tommy would use this case. It's an otter box. It doesn't get better than this.
RQ6THBE1X6R03	1	Do Not Buy! Don't buy this item!  Had less than a week and the elastic pouch expansion has already ripped half way thru.  Don't waste your $$$$!!
R3BNT6SDDPAZ5X	3	since i hate getting up and drop my phone It works with my samsung, only thing is it falls if I do jumping jacks. I will only use for office, since i hate getting up and drop my phone! lol Why 3 stars? It falls off my ear, it's annoying.
R2O5BZJH6OGKGC	5	Five Stars Great
R1DDVR4NT1SX49	5	100% satisfied. I would recommend this to my family and my friends!! Works great. It charges my iPhone and iPad faster than the conventional wall charger does. Most of the time I just use this!! I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a portable charger!!
R13Q4M1HC27E5	5	Used it hiking over the summer. No problem charging ... Used it hiking over the summer. No problem charging my phone and other items. Wish they had changed the placement of the grommets so that the pouch could be shielded from the sun by the 1st solar panel. Still gets 5 stars.
R1PP86GA2WDU8D	4	Convenient Charger This is a great idea for anyone that has multiple devices.  We travel quite a lot and it's very convenient carrying one charger.  However, this charger is slow and is best for overnight use.  Great value!
R385PAAHWNN38U	5	Great case! I like the way it feels in my hand, and the protection it gives my phone, it's what I need. Also I had a outterbox before this case and that thing was huge, but now that I have this case it's sleek and perfect
R3U7BYT4AZKFS7	1	Cheap quality plastic breaks eventually Simple design works well and clips your phone quickly and easily. Despite what some have said, it does swivel to hold a phone vertically which is how I use it, so I can see more of the route ahead of me.  Update: I liked the product functionality initially, but after 2 years, both units I ordered have failed...the first one failed in the first year and the other one in the second year. The plastic just breaks apart and the rotating portion separates from the base and it's useless.
R38AVE62LFTF5Y	5	Very useful case The card sleeves are a little bit tight. Can't fit much more than ID, CC and one or two more cards, but the whole point of the purchase for me was to slim down my wallet, so I'm not complaining. The magnet that secures the iphone case to the wallet portion is really strong and reliable (after two weeks of use). Overall, great value, and I would recommend it.
R3FMODBBM3I740	5	Five Stars just a back up if i lose the original one
R33SIP7OTCLVVN	5	Very good product Receive in time states. Great to have and helps to organize
RGHRFTA1HIPD5	1	crapberrybold I love bb! However I wasn't warned that the phone I was  purchasing had a glitch and  now won't even turn on
R3BMQP0AU6RB45	5	This is an amazing Otterbox case to enjoy and be proud of I just got my Otterbox Commuter case for my iPhone 6+, and I'm very happy with it. The case is strong and sturdy, and I know my case is protected. One little thing I didn't like is the fact that I couldn't keep my tempered glass screen protector, and had to use the one they provided with it because the glass protector makes the phone thicker by a sliver, therefore making it hard to insert the phone in. This case does not have a installed screen protector like the Defender series but like I said they provide a screen protector that comes layers with two guide films to set it in place. I'm so glad I got this case because not only is thin unlike the Defender, but it's sturdy enough to protect the phone from bumps, drops, dust and scratches. I highly recommend this case, and I'm glad I ordered it. The seller is super fast in shipping the items, and the quality and workmanship of each product is epic. The cases are 100% genuine Otterbox, and they come in original retail packaging. This is really an amazing Otterbox case to enjoy and be proud of. Thank you. :-)
RVWH3KD800MZO	5	Five Stars A++++++
R8Z86E0QUMF59	5	Great fit This is the perfect case for my Galaxy S5.  I have had it for a few months and the case has not had any discoloration.  I like the fit and the sturdiness.  I have dropped my phone a few times, face down on hard surfaces.  So far, the case has protected my Galaxy.  I would purchase again.
R10A06BS3530D8	4	Four Stars Works great so far.
R3F6JZY71FCWW8	5	Five Stars Nice Phone so far.
R2G4A69VUJKWL3	5	Five Stars Love them!
R2LKYE8BROZ8N8	4	What a great surprise- these styli are solid I grabbed these based on the price and some reviews. However, I had fairly low expectations based on past purchases of several brands of stylus. What a great surprise- these styli are solid, a nice length, and write nicely. Despite being a little thinner than I expected, they have a decent heft. They stylus end seems a little flimsy but works just fine. Personally, I prefer this design (stylus on one end, pen on the other) to the 'penpoint-through-the-stylus' style. All in all, a very satisfactory product and deal.
R3JD8L4GILZNYJ	5	The case is also sturdy enough to take a fall Lot's of positive compliments on the design.  The case is also sturdy enough to take a fall.
R3PMN6NVR5YY4C	5	Five Stars It was what it is as it describes
R3TJQ0Q6SM43UJ	4	Great Intro to VR Great introduction to VR. My wife and friends all loved it. There are many apps, but not quite enough content at the moment. For anyone looking for a cheap way to experience VR - you're in for a treat. Minus one star because you need to hold it.
REQQXP0VSEJ28	5	They look to be just as durable as the ones we had before and they lasted longer than the phones. I purchased the MAXX Case from iThrough when my husband and I got new phones. Having previously had covers similar to this, I knew we would like them. We also knew we wanted a kickstand because we had one before & loved it. They are so convenient. The case fits very snugly which is GOOD because I had a case that didn't and eventually it would come off and I'd have to put it back on. I like my case. I had never had a white case before and probably won't get one again simply because it go dirty so quickly. I got the blue one for my husband and his doesn't look dirty at all. I solved the problem by simply taking it off and washing it. Since it is removable, that is fine. The second piece is the black part which is where the kickstand is located. They look to be just as durable as the ones we had before and they lasted longer than the phones.  Although I am a product tester / reviewer and test several products each week, I purchased this case on my own without a discount. No matter which way I'm buying products, I always pre-test each item and give my honest & unbiased opinion.
R3IYVHO43BSD0O	5	Great product. As described and arrived earlier than it said. Great product .
R2615G0RR3N1A1	5	Five Stars excellent product!
R1IG5X2BSF4QHK	5	nice product. nice product. i highly recommend this to others...
R1WV6N2F5BUV74	5	WORKS GREAT! Love the length of the cords and works really well. I would defiantly suggest other people to buy this product.
R5UU7JT5AEN77	5	Great price for this charger Great price for this charger. Product was as advertised. Works well with my iphone. Fast shipping. I will recommend this charger to my iphone friends Thanks again!
RYQJ4CNNDSNTH	5	Love em.... would have bought lots more Great, even sold a few people on buying them.  The only problem was that after I got mine, there was a promotion for $12 off and I would have bought 5 more but it would only deduct the $12 once, so I settled for one (and to order 5X would have cost 5X the shipping.
R2SQUBEGWVU7FA	5	Replacement Value Ordered this product as a replacement for the original which I lost.  Arrived a day early and I've been using it for a week.  Pink/purple color makes it very easy to find and differentiate from other power cords.  Works great so far.
R25STYXZI4X5XE	5	No double-sided sticky tape on anything like on other mounts Finally! Someone figured out how to make a true &#34;universal&#34; phone mount. This device uses a clever magnetic system that securely hold your phone in place regardless what kind of phone case you may have.  No double-sided sticky tape on anything like on other mounts.  Simply put they got it right!
R28NUINVEBP5NQ	5	Audio quality is excellent. It works.  Very simple to setup and to use.  Audio quality is excellent.
R1GRX369GQEUHB	4	Four Stars Awesome phone
R27YW651OHE6K3	5	Seriously.. only $40?! My wife and I both had Lumia 1020's, unfortunately a friend dropped hers and broke it. I gave her mine and bought this... to this day I still can't comprehend how it only cost me $40. It's obviously not a high end phone, but for the price... it absolutely cannot be beaten.
R8DZDDLQ40C62	4	Interestingly too big Interestingly too big for the phone selected for but he's happy with it. So all's well!
R3N937LOKZJSXE	4	Four Stars It's ok
R1ER9057LIBPBM	4	Smile Met expectations
R3HDCRB12SLA23	3	Fittings are reversed, either replace all harnesses at once or splice fittings from one wire to the other. As others will mention, the fittings are backwards. Its fine if you replace all wires otherwise it'll reverse the polarity and sound terrible. I chose to cut and splice back together. A pain for a cheap product, but they worked just fine once swapped.
R26721D097BDN7	3	5 out of 10 will not stay closed without tape. Got these, they took quite a while to ship from China. Yes they actually ship directly from China. Out of 10 pieces only 5 will actually stay closed without tape. They are fairly flimsy and very likely will open if you just toss them into a camera bag. The price is cheap and while I'd prefer the type that actually ships with the cards these were the best I could find that weren't crazy priced. Just be aware that they are not very secure and can pop open.
R1ACVFVSD2K6T6	5	Soft phone case Arrived as expected.
R109FYFN79XC6I	1	disappointed Broke on the first day i got it.. i needed it for a concert and i couldn't use it. Wanted to love it tho color was awesome
RJO7DJFL4JSRO	3	Sound quality is fine, just lots of rustling while moving Seemed more shoddily assembled than the OEM headphones which came with the phone.  Both sides are noticeably loose in the cabling causing lots of rustling noise while in-ear.  Sound quality is fine, just lots of rustling while moving.
R2P3FVZVY45WH7	5	Five Stars excelent
R2X3EBA3K4WRDJ	4	It's her first cell phone so I thought it would be a good learning experience for her to handle and maintain the ... I bought this phone for my 11 year old daughter. It was an add on to my other qualifying purchases so it only cost $5. It's her first cell phone so I thought it would be a good learning experience for her to handle and maintain the cost of her minutes.  She was really excited to receive it. It holds a charge all day and she plugs it in at night. It does the three most important things to her: Text, play music, and make calls. The camera isn't the best quality. After about 2 weeks of use she did say she had difficulty receiving texts from her friends-almost as if they are dropped but the sender (her) was not notified. She doesn't receive some pictures her friends send her but that is to be expected with 3G rather than 4G. After a few drops we've discovered it's pretty sturdy. We've since gotten a case for it.   It's been a great learning tool for her. She monitors her minutes and uses some of her allowance to purchase minutes. For now, it's a great little phone for her and she's pretty happy to have it. I'll upgrade her when she's 13. :)
R20OUQ8LOMUH27	5	iPhone 6 protection with existing case! I was looking for a protective case for my iPhone 6 for bike rides when it needed a little more protection against bumps than usual.  The phone fits perfectly in this case with its thin case (Belkin Grip Case / Cover for iPhone 6) still on.  It's also very easy to get in and out of the pouch.  Exactly what I wanted.
R19BTPKJ6TUJ45	5	Five Stars Works great
RT87TT232EJB3	5	Five Stars Very good protector for new 3ds xl
R2Q1FZ885BI812	5	Five Stars loved it
R2CKD31AV1XT3A	1	One Star Mine stopped working after 6 month
RFXMTNAYKBJRP	5	Five Stars That is a great Android cellphone I ever seen. Great experience!
R2X4MS1NEFBSSC	5	Five Stars Purchased it for a friend and they loved it.
R2KANKRBNQE9M	5	She absolutely loved it. As soon as I showed her this ... I bought this for my fiancé. She absolutely loved it. As soon as I showed her this little surprise she immediately put it on the phone:) great price btw. I'm super happy with the product.
R3TL2E20NJP9SG	4	Boss review Good unit foe my boat but distorts at high volume good at mid to upper volumes
R1H3DTZ7OY8P9M	5	Durable, Stylish, Scratches a bit. Durable, looks good, visible scratches on clear plastic back (Don't care though.)
R20T6JN6F7PZJO	5	Five Stars I love it. It protects my phone. Cool color
R1WB9RSNCPYDVZ	5	Great for portable fish finders. Great for a portable fish finder. Make sure you use the strap too tie off the excess cable. Mine got caught in the motor propeller. It only came loose one time. I used it on aluminum boats with up to 10 HP motors.
R3BZ2258GL3I50	4	Not bad I like it, my only gripe is the small opening for the headphone jack. Some of my headphones don't fit, any headphone connector larger than iphone oem headphones won't go all the way in the jack with this case on. It feels nice and looks good otherwise, its the best one  I found price wise.
R2GBANBJOMQACA	5	The PERFECT product! I have struggled with several different screen protectors from various companies designed to fit cell phones, camera screens, tablets, KIndle readers, etc. This was, far and away, the EASIEST screen to install. It practically installed itself. NO BUBBLES! I have almost ALWAYS ended up with bubbles trapped under the protector, no matter how careful I was. Due to the construction of this screen protector, the bubbles were automatically forced aside during installation. I have also had problems with protectors that dull the sensitivity of the touchpad interface. If anything, this seems to enhance that sensitivity. It certainly does not block it.  It did not interfere with my Spigen Tough Armor Case at all.  I would eagerly purchase this again, and again, and again. In fact, I think I will buy one for my wife's phone right now.....
R1SAQBBT149BFT	5	Why didn't I find Otter before now? This is my 3rd try to find a good case for my Galaxy S5 and it is has met my needs and expectations.  Wow! I really like it.
R25KMDFQPOXQY1	5	im surprised by the exceptional quality of this car charger ... im surprised by the exceptional quality of this car charger. the included usb cable is also well made. top port is for standard charge. the bottom port provides a faster charge. small, sleek, and works well!
R3NV8DELVMPUYB	3	Three Stars would spend more and get a solid one. Not too happy
R26WE0HSX1Q9GY	5	Five Stars excellent quality products
R2BR1F2FPFJ796	5	Five Stars great buy
R2U4JSLNLPM05	5	Five Stars Good case. Came early
RQIQWFMQCR9O8	5	Five Stars Awesome product! Exactly what I wanted!
R3E083FFHDCL7F	2	Poor screen durability. Had for 2 months, screen failed. Worked good up until now.  Just started repair process with Garmin, will keep you posted on how it goes.
R1DY55GWPQ3D30	4	Not for every car [UPDATE!] UPDATE: enviCAR reached out to me following my initial 1 Star review with genuine concern as to why I was unhappy. They have AMAZING customer support and honestly care about their product and keeping their customers and critics alike, happy. After returning the product and receiving a full refund, enviCAR followed up wanting to know more details as to why I was dissatisfied. As I mentioned in the my original review below, while the design and build quality are sound, they simply do not work with my vehicle. enviCAR generously offered a free mount (which they shipped to me VERY fast) in order to give as a gift to someone with a more favorable vent configuration. Well done enviCAR for truly earning my respect and this 4-Star review. Keep on keeping on.  I have a 2013 Tucson and an iPhone 6 with no case for reference. Up front within reach of the driver there are two possible vents to use. When using the one to the left of the steering wheel, the phone sits awkwardly low and his partially obscured by the wheel. There is also no room to rotate the phone to landscape mode. When using the vent to the right of the wheel (which is rounded, not flat) the mount connects but is forced to tilt the face of the phone towards either the wheel or the passenger. The phone also blocks a portion of the ignition button and still does not have room to rotate to landscape mode. The construction and overall design of the mount is solid and packaged well, but it simply does not work with this vehicle. Also, with so few mounts up front, sacrificing a vent in cold weather months to avoid excess heat being applied to your device is not an option.
R1ADNUA7M6Y88F	5	Five Stars excellent charger
R19PZDT3U82A9E	2	Not worth any more than they charged us. The instructions are vague and there is no diagram naminng the various buttons purpose. I still am not sure how to switch between AM and PM.
RGOX53R7R35FJ	5	Very durable. Really good phone case.
R19YXJP6Y1I0FX	5	Five Stars Easy to apply screen protector
R33CWG3MHHRJ7V	4	phone case for android great colors; sturdy!
R2DV1IFLENBQS	5	Great value Very good headphones for the price.  I use it for listening to music at work and video chat.  So far so good, I have no idea how long they will last!
R1L9SJ2RLBENG9	2	Two Stars Good!
R1X9TF7IH7JGEP	5	I love these! I bought two of these and loved ... I love these! I bought two of these and loved them so much that I bought a third. They are super long, which is really handy. I have one plugged in behind a couch, and because the cord is so long, I can sit anywhere on the sectional and still have my phone plugged in and by my side. I also have one of these by my bed, so I can plug in my phone and hold it comfortably while it charges (instead of having to awkwardly lean over the side of the bed to avoid straining a shorter cord). My wife and I have had these for probably six months now and used them daily--they are still in excellent condition. I highly recommend these.  Also, they charge our phones very quickly.
R5EUNXRCS42TZ	5	Five Stars Awesome case..
R3HYXDT4J1P2TG	1	Acceptable price but the quality is not. About 2.5 weeks the stand was broken. Cheap!
R32GSBHTSLUVZP	1	One Star junk, never even worked
R2EXSWC54ZPQPC	4	Not as expected Nothing new in this watch, same as the other watches..
R9LK19526EN80	5	Five Stars I am pleased with my purchase
R2EWKVZTZQS7TZ	5	A Good Buy This product does its job well. It extends far enough to take the picture how you want it to and the pairing process was extremely simple. The thing I like the most is how portable it is. I would recommend getting this selfie stick if you need something that is quick and easy.
RUNBXIFEWES6D	5	Love it! I love this case! The two piece cover fit perfectly and are super durable. Such cute colors and design. Will definitely order more cases from this company.
R2CNFH5P4BCGR4	4	Super awesome for what it is Works great with galaxy S5 even with my spigen neo hybrid case. The top flap cardboard separated at the velcro point but I glued it back together. Magnet on the side even works as a button/trigger. Only issue is that it's very uncomfortable after 5 minutes of use
R3TA5H9PVZPDYU	1	One Star Not what I expected
RHJHR7M2U7K7C	5	Five Stars Works great!! Definitely worth the money. It's not the loudest but it will do the job.
RT9KK02OBE1PT	5	It's not just about the charging usb outlet. You can see the quality and durabilty of this product. A good cable is always important too, it's not just about the charging usb outlet either.
R1ETVPDBKH09SH	1	One Star It doesn't protect enough of the phone.
R2VXCQED1AZKXN	5	This thing LASTS. LOVE IT! It's now the year 2015 and the iGo Stowaway Ultra-Slim Bluetooth Keyboard is still working as intended and in use since my purchase in 2007.  I am still able to connect to my iPhone 5, iPad 2 with the latest OS version.
R1FB8XRLS9I6GV	5	Five Stars Great adapter.
R1NOGVUC11VS6U	5	I bought my Galaxy Fit refurbished from best buy and I love it so much I bought my Galaxy Fit refurbished from best buy and I love it so much. It does everything I want it to do and some. You've just got to realize it's not the other Samsung smart watch as in you can answer text but only certain phrases that YOU designate. It pauses, skips, and starts music.
REU9YNYB2C3TP	5	Five Stars great one i like it
R16HWHUQDHYNXP	5	Five Stars Great
RNBQRZH0F48V0	1	(DO NOT WORK ) Died on me in 4 hrs charging my phone Next time i do  better reviews on pruducts like this it pretty much died on me light are very dim cant even see after one day use i was pretty stoked when showed on time for delevery plug it in first 2 hrs charging  bright then died dont waste your money i never buy again waist my money oh well lesson learn  if had - 5 stars that what i gave it i emaild the seller nothing in return yet least try another  cord this one mine did not work just beware if cheap there is reson why to good be true have good day happy shoping i still buy things of amzon one bad pruduct not going stop me have great day sorry for bad review but i had speak so u guys no if sell contact me i let every no
R1LRSCCPR2SVZO	1	One Star I couldnt get this to fit on my galaxy s6
R2FTZ0RK2W7K3M	4	Four Stars I like the case.  Hopefully it will protect the phone like advertised.
R3MOKD2SZBN6KP	1	Not good Do not get fooled; it's not working with Nokia Lumia ( Icon or 930 ) as advertized
R3KAS9I64NLEGZ	5	Five Stars Works perfectly, original Samsung product.
R12HO8CH64Y99N	4	good sound and audio feedback on functions These are very slick headphones with a lot of verbal feedback for what you are doing at any given time including telling you about caller information if you use them to answer calls, power levels, etc. The instructions are actually pretty poor so it's best that you get this sort of feedback to help you navigate their use more effectively. For the record, the &#34;pairing&#34;/&#34;power&#34; button is the little button in the center with a phone receiver on it. This isn't made clear in the instructions. However, the phone functions are clearly explained.  The sound quality is actually very good, though it does vary based on how they are put in your ears. The manual makes it clear that fit affects sound. If you get a good seal, the sound is excellent with good bass and treble. If they're not in properly, the sound will come across as more muted, though certainly not poor by any stretch of the imagination. The high notes are especially rich. Bass was good and not muted, but it may depend on your sound source and type of music. I listened to U2 and it sounded quite good, though the songs weren't especially bassy.  The headphones design is slick and elegant and whether or not you like it will depend on how they happen to fit your ears. My ears are average for a woman and they fit me fine. In fact, I liked the fact that they are smooth plastic better than a rubber/silicon ear bud design, but there is no adjustment possible. If they don't fit you, you're out of luck. I wondered if the lack of alternate buds related to the fact that they are waterproof or maybe it is to ensure that people put them in such that the sound quality is good. I would recommend putting the cable behind your head rather than having it hang down in front of you because there is less &#34;pull&#34; on the buds out of your ears. That being said, I tried them both ways and in front didn't cause me any issues even when I shook my head to see if they would fall out.  I didn't add up all of the time that I played music through these without recharging and I didn't listen for more than 7 hours continuously, but it didn't seem that recharging was necessary at frequent intervals. I'm sure they'll last long enough for most needs based on my rough estimation. They also seemed to have some noise cancelling effects, likely based on the position they take in your ears.  Note: I received a sample of this product in exchange for my assessment.I played music through these without recharging and I didn't listen for more than 7 hours continuously, but it didn't seem that recharging was necessary at frequent intervals. I'm sure they'll last long enough for most needs based on my rough estimation. They also seemed to have some noise cancelling effects, likely based on the position they take in your ears.  Note: I received a sample of this product in exchange for my assessment.
R2PV9GU03R1QC4	1	The case is snug and pushes the volume button all ... The case is snug and pushes the volume button all the way down, so I cant use the item :(
R2FE79RF3CNNLY	5	Good charger for my iPhone Good charger for my iPhone!  It hasn't had any problems yet, and I have used it for about a week.
RFIZF3CCP5TNU	5	Five Stars Love this thing. It stays put! If in doubt, get this one. You won't be sorry.
R207NQIC74QNUK	4	Four Stars Great case!  I love it.  I've dropped my phone several times and it's held up great.
R41V4YJIRLCC7	5	Is pretty and looks great The case looks exactly as the picture. It arrived on time. Is pretty and looks great.
R3JVI9YGXUCZSY	4	I do like the braided cable works as expected with Ipad and iphone. I do like the braided cable, since I have broken 3 of my previous cable due to intensive cabling....
RF8Q5VQ1DLLRL	5	Five Stars Great protection for my phone and really easy to clean. Seriously best phone case ever.
R3TZXSFZI6NPKR	5	Five Stars good for price
R2NN4M4G4YSED0	5	Love it. This usb matches my phone case Love it . This usb matches my phone case. I am glad i ordered it. It works perfectly with my Samsung Galaxy 5 sport. Thank you will buy from again in near future.
R3HOWKX37JFJY	5	Five Stars Good..
R2W43WM8FR2G8K	5	Five Stars Perfect!
RURVZVH4UHF3A	5	Great case! Grey and blue colors are very stylish and chic.  It gives my Samsung Galaxy phone a sexy new makeover. Cover is very sturdy. Made with durable materials which protect my phone from falls and other elements.  Case arrived with a hand held mirror in the storage compartment. You can store a credit/debit card or even an ID with the mirror or remove the mirror and store 2 cards.  I purchased this case when I travelled out of the country so I can store my card in an inconspicuous yet safe location. I would highly recommend this product!
R37RZ30LQV183R	5	Excellent Screen protector. Installation was easy, with clear instructions, cleaning cloth and alcohol swabs provided with the screen. My phone's original screen was prone to finger prints and smudges and was difficult to clean. With this glass screen protector, no more smudges and easy to clean.
RKQRD6ST22FIN	3	Good product working fine but not more than 3 months  Good product working fine. I ordered it thinking that I will change it myself, but when I saw the ribbon cable attaching the phone body to the cover my hands started shaking. Finally I took help from someone who had done this in past. Looking at the sweat on his forehead I felt its always good to know what you can do , but more important to know what you cannot, ;)  Revising review on 11 nov The battery stopped holding juice after around 6 hours of normal workday no videos or extensive screen usage . Time to move to new phone
R4YL82PBZDFUF	5	Works great! Never had a problem of the suction mount ... Works great! Never had a problem of the suction mount loosening or coming loose, even in direct sunlight! Will hold an IPAD Air 2 but you will need to put it in a case or use foam to fill the empty space.
R1KPP8AMG76NQL	5	Great band! Awful, awful tool to remove link! I'm going to be as thorough as I can because I was extremely weary of third party bands at this price. I counted on reviews from people when searching, so I'd like to help anyone else out in the same sense. My band arrived on time with some other Amazon items, the band itself was inside a small plastic bag along with a screwdriver and the blue pin removal tool to take out links.  The band looks great, feels great, and exceeds my expectations at this price point. I have a 42mm space gray Apple Watch Sport, this band makes my &#34;cheap&#34; Apple Watch look more up scale. When in actuality it was cheaper than an official Apple Watch Sport band.  I put it on to judge how many links to remove and the adapters click into place as would be expected. I even shook it around a bit over the softness of my bed to make sure it wasn't going anywhere. I decided I needed to take out two maybe three links. I started with two and the first pin popped right out using the built in tool. The second didn't budge and the tool broke so easy it's kind of laughable. I ended up getting the pin pushed out with the pin part of a name tag, though it was a struggle. I got it reassembled and I'm pleased with it. I really actually need one more link taken out but with the tool broken I'm either going to have to see if a jeweler will do it or order a separate tool.  Since most likely everyone is concerned with the band and not the tool, my rating reflects that. Overall I am very happy with the band itself, the only way I could be happier is if they would send me another tool to take out the one more link I need.
R2JCQQHWL2WM6R	1	Does not work with 97' Buick Park Avenue Did not work with my 97' Buick. Not sure if it was due to my car or due to the fact that I got a jip piece. Pretty disappointed
R8FDONPKANBFV	5	Quality usb charger I am now able to charge all devises in one location. Also like the fact that it sits flat on table with a cord to plug in.
R1CJ3AMT722X78	4	Four Stars Works as described. Very handy.
R1QL2DI2KHW3EA	5	Great Value Excellent Apple Watch Stand and great value. The stand matches my 12 South stand for my iPhone  6+ and the look great together and keep stuff off the counter.
R3NGVR756OZU7L	5	Five Stars Good screen protector
R2J4D5GPM0VBFU	5	Five Stars My son loved it!
R19XWATTRD4GLV	5	Really like it. This is such a nice cover, fits well and is secure to hold since has Matt finish.  Love the color, it's striking on the black phone!
R2PK39P5ZJJBOB	5	Five Stars very good
R2OYYI02DWFQ5K	5	Five Stars great one i like it
RDEBD0Z3PETK5	5	Five Stars Great product
R1KFR8AO81KTNG	2	Two Stars no instruction manual-radio ok
R3IX0250MDP4OH	5	This case it's fantastic and heavy duty This case it's fantastic and heavy duty. Very protective, I have dropped my phone many times with this on and my phone is perfectly fine.
R1UUH4HCV394E9	5	Five Stars Nice looking case.  Snug, looks like good corner protection without too much bulk.
R2V9A68UM3F3X3	5	Convenience Very handy.  Keeps all your chargers at your fingertips!  Can charge multiple items at once!  Replay great.
R2TLHCT84Y2BTF	5	Five Stars excelente
R1CLIGKIZ7GS3Y	1	no protection here It's a Minion case, but offers very little protection for an iPhone. I'd skip this unless you're very careful with your iPhone.
RKFBPREN6G9L9	5	Awesome accessory! I got this before a trip to Disneyland so that we could keep our phones charged durning the day. It has become one of my favorite accessories! It can charge my iPhone 6 several times before it needs recharged. I use it on the go and also just when here is not a outlet close by to plug into.
RELBVT7RV2E1I	3	The case worked fine, but I left it by itself in the ... The case worked fine, but I left it by itself in the car while I took the phone inside, and the plastic of the case warped in the south texas summer heat. Now unusable.
R3STGHD96IPVNJ	1	Very very hard to remove links. There is nothing to doubt amazon's shipment but the product can be better. The quality of the band is good but I cannot remove the link to fit my wrist. The original size of the band is too large for me  and I spent half an hour try to remove the link and I failed, I almost hurt myself, so don't buy this band unless your wrist is large or your wanna enjoy the process to fight with the link.
R2RSGGMZBBKSQ0	1	Crappy product DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY Bought for my wife. Looks good for the first 24 hours then it started to shed. The damn beads are every where and it is peeling. The beads get stuck to your face your hands and everything else. This product is over priced nod it's really crappy!!!!!!
RLPEUMVYDNPAI	5	My stock haed unit is okay but I need a 4 channel to really enjoy these. One surround had a dimple since the ... Cheap and sounds decent. My stock haed unit is okay but I need a 4 channel to really enjoy these. One surround had a dimple since the packaging facility at Rockford put all screws in little baggies and the bag got wedged under the surround and on top of the spider. Only cosmetic as the speaker works perfectly. Also found a home depot receipt in a box also. Lol buried treasure. Thanks seller for not including anthrax.
RAHHU15ZSZVP9	5	Excellent bluetooth headphones These headphones has the latest bluetooth 4 technology and comfortable in ear design with interchangeable earbuds. Also these headphones works with iPhones, Android Smartphones, tablets, iPod touch, and other Bluetooth devices.  The package includes a pair of headphones, a USB charging cable 6 ear buds.  I was amazed that these headphones has a small button called multi-functional button. It also has a HD voice micro phone that you can talk through, and volume + and - button which you can use it to skip songs. There are more functions that you can't even imagine them.
R2EBTDSYUC4N3N	5	Stylus pen Great product!  I'm using it now to write this review!
R2K4WTX2UAQDD3	5	Five Stars Works well. Just used it on trip from Chicago to Milwaukee to Green Bay and back - no problems!
R3723ZBQITQBGL	5	Five Stars Great case good quality
R3KH52NPU2EMEO	2	Two Stars Work for a couple days, maybe a month if lucky then stops.
R3OL6TRDJ4VNZD	5	Nice case It's a nice phone case.  It's not bulky yet it provides ample protection for the phone.  Looks nice too.l
R319Q3HG0FPP8U	5	Good, inexpensive protection. Good. I like the corner bumpers. Easy to hold. Good protection when dropped.
R2MN3W5K082J6D	5	Highly recommended for superior quality and value. As described and highly recommended... A little shy on the edges but I understand why. It fits fine with an Otter Box and probably would with any protective case which fully wraps the bezel. The product arrived with a holographic seal and I feel quite comfortable purchasing from iMacket who not only cares about customer service but offers an excellent customer experience. The glass installed flawlessly on my Note 4 without any bubbles or halo whatsoever. - Nice job! iMacket has obviously taken the steps to implement great quality control throughout design, materials, manufacturing and packaging... and I truly appreciate that. - Thank you!
R18TPP5404P08W	5	Five Stars good value
R1S4HQX20GTSTZ	2	cute but poor quality I liked it but bad quality. I used for 2 week and it broke so easily
R1UZFCBGEVNRSY	5	Love this case Love this case! Looks good and does the job. Fits perfect and gives all around protection. I didn't think I would need/use the kickstand on the back but I end up using it all the time.
R2DZ720ZWDK4QS	2	This worked great for 3 days This worked great for 3 days. I took it with me to a tennis tournament where I knew my phone usage would be heavy. For the first 3 days, I was able to fully charge my galaxy s5 about 4 times. On the 4th day, I noticed that the device wasn't holding a charge and would only charge my phone for maybe a minute before it automatically shut off. If this worked like it did in the beginning, 5 stars for sure.
R38UJMUQRKCMO0	1	Charger isn't worth the cost or time and effort to order. Worked at first but then wouldn't charge my phone anymore. Not a good product at all. I'm very dissatisfied.
R3RO2WTO1JI450	5	Good case! Good slim case. It works exactly as I expected. Provides small amount of protection without adding any bulk. No problems so far.
R13RMQVTXFETA5	5	iPhone 6 plus case Great product it's light and for my iPhone 6 perfectly. I recommend this for anyone looking for a light case, this won't weigh down your iPhone either, get one today!!
R2BJ4EIEAJK5FQ	5	Five Stars My daughter loves this case for her new phone. She loves the hidden credit card and cash compartment!!
R20OWAA5RU2YN5	5	Five Stars excellent
R1B22BOVRTYF7O	5	Five Stars Good product.
RNBFERTL096O7	5	Works great for watch, iphone, and ipad all at once Looks great with a Apple watch, IPhone 6 plus, and a full sized iPad 4 with smart cover on.  Holds everything great, looks clean and organized, and the magnetic watch charger does a good job at holding the watch securely in place.  The wood has a really good look to it.  I'm impressed
R2MMRNVG6NV9JR	4	Four Stars Pretty sturdy case, I like the dust covers.
R3GE7UTAV51TCN	5	Five Stars Very good piece of equipment. I use it every day while riding and have been very pleased.
R1C6HYPCGM8QAQ	5	Five Stars Great phone case. Was delivered promptly
R1ZOQX7IZ5HCGC	4	great buy I have bought two other portable chargers to give my phone that little boost of power needed on long trips And this unit has easily done the job!
R3E61TUQ6S4CHZ	5	Love it Use it every day, totally great
RT3K1Y9LLPN22	5	Five Stars LOVE IT... It's everything I need.
R2WP8WZBU3RZMI	3	Three Stars the data was not so accurate
R3N6E371OJAUIX	4	good buy the glove really protects. I've dropped the phone like 4 times since I bought it and the phone is fine.  only problem is the button on the side for volume is hard to push.
R109VRH2KTROL6	5	Nice replacement. Works well. Bettter quality than you find at the discount stores.
R3U9C8QF11E0M2	5	Best back protector out there Amazing customer service, I have the one for My iPhone 5s and now that i'm getting a 6s plus I couldn't not buy this! Looking forward to putting it on when i get it!
R33MMNMVXYJ51M	1	Don't bother buying this! Don't bother buying this! Left ear piece works, right ear piece does not!!
R3GNNFTNO99B3U	5	Five Stars good
R1UUEKZMAUEH9M	5	Five Stars The case is great. I would buy it again.
R38G7CBJTQGJUP	5	Five Stars It works.
RT6EW1WSY1XT1	4	Four Stars Nice but back clip broke after a few months.
R3TUXUE8NWTAW3	5	Five Stars Love it. Charges my phone quickly.
R4R16OEN5RHNX	4	I think it's a pretty good phone compared to my last one The camera needs work; the zoom doesn't go that far. Other than that, I think it's a pretty good phone compared to my last one.
R2SI2IQ4E0TRL1	5	Good Work good.
RMHKP8X05B2ZW	5	Five Stars Great case, fits nice and feels high quality
R8Z4B1KMWH1EU	2	Did not Impress me This watch did not match the expectations I had for a smart watch. The display looks not as clear as shown in the pic here. The rubber cover for the USB is of very poor quality. It can rip off after few months or weeks. When synched with my iPhone 5S, the watch freezes. Calls can be made through it. Quality of call is ok. Photos and Messages can't be accessed it requires another application to be installed.
R39BW3UGH8DD7J	5	Fast and very conevient car charger for mobile! Easy to use. Battery meter and a fast charger for all your devices. I got mine last week and plug it to my car port and right away got the measure of the battery so I can even use it while it's off. Of course better to use while your car is on.  Definitely a must to get!!!!
R1MK34FWAFQ7E4	5	I really can't think of how to express exactly how ... I really can't think of how to express exactly how excited I was when I got this solar charger, but even so,
R3NE3C4C1PCAXB	5	Five Stars very useful
R43M9EFGXE7FQ	5	Best Case You Can Ask For Best Case ever. All buttons and accessories (Headphones, Chargers) fit and work perfectly with the case on.  Slim design but not cheap. Has a nice smooth texture. Extremely light. Hand Strap fits well (does not include a hand strap but most any strap will fit on it. Extremely satisfied. Totally worth the deal. I would pay 25$ for it (base price). :):):) shrek approves too.
R2RAESMVMJN826	3	It looks nice. However It looks nice.  However, it was a little bulkier than I really was looking for, and there is no wiggle room for the closure if you have a lot of cards/cash in the slots.
R1IM70E1SNI998	5	Five Stars Love it I use it everyday and it charges my phone to
R1XZ5D3YK1ZJJJ	5	High volume sound Great sound quality
R3TUUFSSDYLPPZ	5	Five Stars Cute, functional and protects my phone well.
R3V7266IT1IM2Y	2	Cheap wallet case Good but feels cheap. Also phone only stays in wallet by cheap magnet. The phone falls put easily
R14K4ZG5A7JJCA	2	Two Stars Flimsy and gets dirty really quick. Like discolored
R2OCQEIH8EGSMU	4	Nearly full score (might be me missing something) but highly recommended! I like it very much. It has room for an Ionizer (smoker) to get rid of bad smells, a 1A USB charger port for my new Bluetooth Sunglasses for listening to music from my iPhone and answering/calling, a 2A USB charger port for charging my iPad. Did not get a full score as I was unable to find a cigarette lighter that fitted without removing the outer part of the lighter and I have to hold it in to make it work/get power. Reason for missing start: It seems the metal sleeve in the charger is a bit too tight, but I have had trouble with a couple of other double-plug chargers as well, but it might be me that is unable to find one that fits and no problem with the dimension of the charger. If so, please correct me and it will get a full score. The adjustable angle will make it fit in just about all cars: A nice feature.
R2CVCLLIWWUOD2	4	Does not work to transmit audio from a TV (or ... Does not work to transmit audio from a TV (or other item that has an earphone jack) to my iPhone 6+.  The seller was very helpful and after trying several steps, and communicating several times, accepted the return.  The seller's concern for customer satisfaction is exceptional.
R1X49XPJ6HDHYQ	1	One Star Thought it was for the Vista
R2PKHTNI5CAFLU	3	Three Stars I did not like this case that much. The screen protecter became cloudy and allowed moisture under it.
R1OKS8L7T5FIF1	5	Five Stars Great item, protects the phone well and doesn't hold oily residue like the plastic screen protectors.
R2M3ZYR9GKJ1YU	5	Fabulous Case for the Edge+ phone!!! I bought this case for my wife's phone when we both upgraded our phones to the Edge+. I had no trouble installing this case on her phone, other than it being a rather tight fit. Once installed, it fit like a glove.  It has nice rubber sides contributing to a good sense of security the phone won't slip out of her hands. The &#34;sparkles&#34; on the case are all recessed so it doesn't interfere with it laying flat. My wife absolutely loves this case, and so do I, knowing her phone has a good degree of protection. Great case, and highly recommended!
R2FBTBDEK6K4NE	2	Not as good as the last one! I'm somewhat disappointed with this Bluetooth. I had one of these before and used it for years with no issues. I bought it at Walmart. This one however cuts out a lot for no apparent reason. When working correctly it's good but that's not often. If your looking for a small Bluetooth, I don't recommend this one.
RRCY4AY7V7616	2	Two Stars Broke after using it for 2 days, not made very well at all. Very cheap.
R2RMMDINFPY63N	4	Four Stars Provides decent protection while keeping the phone slim.
R2D4NEO12N8XXU	5	Love this case! Great case, sturdy, and conservative looking!
ROU6NQCREBLKP	5	Five Stars Just what I needed at a great price!
R3V5TRUG681N0U	5	Five Stars Works as advertised
R1QEJWTTVFK71J	5	Amazing Ever since i first tried these i have looked back since. They are slighty sponge-ish so when it takes hits itll mark it but never damage the screen. Just peel off and apply another. Fantastic covers.
R26YNUHUIY9BI4	5	Five Stars Love it
R9JOVK22ROYY0	3	I love the case I love the case, it's super cute and protects my phone well. However, the sides becomes gray, dark, blueish, very easily when placed in pants pockets, etc. So now the edges are blackened, if I could clean it, it would be perfect.
ROYCA5O4U7HO3	5	Five Stars Very good.  Thanks.
R1M6L4Z6TE99G7	5	Perfect when you need one full charge in a very portable form factor This is a small form factor, well designed phone charger. I keep it in my work bag just in case my iPhone dies and I can't get to a power source. This is small enough to put in your pocket but, you will know it is there. It will juice up an iPhone 5 from 1% to 100% in about 30 mins or so and only once. But, that is exactly why you would want this. This is one full backup charge in a small package.
R23AJAKDP068IX	5	Five Stars great
R1FWCL9ETI3HM4	4	... gave it Four **** Stats because the Case is Great But if you have a Tempered glass protector the ... I gave it Four **** Stats because the Case is Great But if you have a Tempered glass protector the case pushes agents it and makes it bubble on the edges I have iloome Screen Mate Super Thin. But I LIKE the Diztronic Full Matte (Soft Touch) Get YOU One YOU Will Like It.
R125XBELVUD8H5	5	Everything on this order was fine. I got a great product at a great ... Everything on this order was fine. I got a great product at a great price. Well packaged and fast shipment.
R12NSJJ4QA5SYR	5	Works well and a lot cheaper than the original Apple ... Works well and a lot cheaper than the original Apple version.  Seems sturdier too.  But bear in mind it's a few inches shorter (36in vs 39in)
R1KUJGCOW35LGO	5	Must buy I love it!
RAOXVU26W1G89	5	Love the case Was as described, shipping was very fast.
R3DYI95DI1ROTA	1	Great theory poor QC. I purchased this case after having decent luck with the last redpepper case, I wanted a waterproof case for my Note 2 and vendors that meet this criteria are few and far between.  I wasn't pleased with the shipping time but was willing to give the product a shot since the first case was ok.  I received the package last week and within the first 48 hours the side button rubber was failing and the button had fallen out rendering the product not waterproof.  Then within another day the front button was failing and again rendered the phone case useless.  I would avoid buying if at all possible, at this point it appears there is zero quality control going on in China.  Unfortunately the big water proof case vendors do not make a product for this phone so it looks like I will be keeping it high and dry for now.
R3H5NT2PB02HHC	4	Four Stars Very good product from Maxrock .Thanks
R2QQSQXEREM38S	5	Five Stars Thanks, great
R19J1E8IHNDXS0	3	Dead Telephone is awesome, but it broke after some days, it doesnt even charge now..
R1Q6K7GQPJGNMG	4	Good Deal Good product and easy to use
R29JNZEIDZF8N9	4	other than that it is great! I bought my daughter this phone case and she loves it! It is very cute and made well but it is a little heavy, other than that it is great!
R3OJ9KCYDII196	2	they are not what i felt they were going to ... they are not what i felt they were going to be do to the feedback on them the sound were just ok and plus by turning them all the way up they are not loud at all. i'm sorry i have to give them a 2 star.
R2CJQ8XRUS0L3R	4	good phone and seller works fine good shape
R2DF9OB9GUL8GO	5	Five Stars Good seller and product
RFGXROXG1EJB3	4	Four Stars Love it easy to use and the bamboo goes with my wood.  Delivery was quicker than expected.
R2CTTFDI12D70W	5	Five Stars 2nd one purchased
R18CEFJEBUT3B4	5	Five Stars it's really nice!
R967W5ZWUL4QA	1	just a bad seller and Very small phone mount not sticky at all and no 3m tape either had to file claim to get refund. just a bad seller and product
R245HI76O6T76C	5	So Much Fun But Need Better Menu Navigation Love this watch!!  I'm not a serious athlete (50 year old mother of 3) but I've run for years. So much fun to see maps and charts of your progress. Synchs very fast. Charges easily. Comfortable to wear. Lots of functionality.  My only criticism is that the programming is antiquated and difficult to understand.  It would be nice to have clear menu drops downs when you log into your Tom Tom account.
R2UQZ8HV5YX3IK	5	Five Stars Does what it does
R3VKSB5ET09A7B	5	The best Qi Wireless Charger on the market! From the moment I installed this product in my vehicle,  I fell in love! The Samsung Wireless Charging Vehicle Dock rocks! I have a Samsung Note 3 phone that has a wireless flip cover and I needed a Qi wireless charging dock for my car. The charger works every time I place my phone in the dock and I've had no problems at all.  I love the fact that I can charge my phone easily and wirelessly. I also love the fact that the Qi Wireless Charger rapidly charges my phone. I've had others Qi wireless chargers that worked when they wanted to and charged very slowly.  This is a high quality, very effective and nice looking product and I highly recommend it.
R2Y6DE8I8B3Y8D	3	Laggy, crashes, battery life sucks! The Samsung Galaxy Avant is okay I guess. I've only had it for a month, but the touch screen is laggy - oftentimes you have to press on a tab or icon more than twice to get it to do anything. Also, a tab will crash when surfing the Web. Don't ask me why. The phone looks and feels really cheap. Every time I press the home key button, it feels like it's about to come off and makes this annoying clicking sound. The battery life, as other reviewers have mentioned, sucks, especially when watching YouTube videos or listening to music. It drains really quickly. The sound quality of the receiver isn't that great, and the built-in speaker is so-so. But you get what you pay for, right?
R1ZA5DXKIS59UE	5	Outstanding product!!!! Tech Armor screen covers are outstanding.  Easy to install and no bubbles.  I would strongly suggest giving this product a try!!!
R2E105QA6LZ3D4	4	My oonly issue is where is the first package i ... My oonly issue is where is the first package i ordered? Had to wait an extra 6 days and still im waiting on the case that goes with it. Package is cheap to say the least but its here and on my phone. And unlike other screen protectors this one is actually for my phone and not a universal one advertising as a direct fit.
R18IACRY5RYP0V	4	Easy to apply on phone and haven't had any issues ... Product does what it's supposed to do.  Easy to apply on phone and haven't had any issues yet. This was purchased for my fianc&eacute;es phone.  Compared to the one I have on my phone this is a little thinner but I also paid around 23$ for mine.  For the price it seems like a quality product.
R37WNZRIVO45FQ	5	Happy with purchase Works very well and is as small as a deck of cards
RZXXPE55LACQT	2	I ONLY GOT 2 1/2 MONTHS SERVICE FROM THIS PH ... I ONLY GOT 2 1/2 MONTHS SERVICE FROM THIS PH IT'S SITTING DWN AT HOME NOT TURNING ON OR CHARGING WHAT CAN I DO? CAN I GET ANOTHER PH FR U GUYS?
R3AWMIHAE2XF9L	5	Five Stars It really works under water
R2KLMHEIJZFG9V	3	Easy to apply Easy to apply.  Cracked and dont know why ,wasn't dropped or anything.  Screen is ok so guess it worked
R2MNOZGUU4VP7H	5	Great item so far Great item so far. Shipping was faster (10 days from Etronixmart) than what was listed on the order (2 months) which was a nice bonus. The buttons on the GPD XD also feels nice, similar to a 3ds xl but with double analogs that feels really smooth like a ps vita as well. All in all great device.
RSWQA8BWT0LYY	5	Great Price and Totally Compatible Works great with my iPhone 6. Use it to link to computer for backup.
RKFYDM63VCKWN	4	Four Stars I LOVE IT, ITS SOUNDS LOUDER THAN OTHERS HEADSET I HAVE, THEIIIIIRRRRRRRRR GREAT
R38M19265DZ6G0	4	Nice replacement IR headphones for car system Matches perfectly with the set from my Infiniti DVD system. Worked great out of the box.
R19123ZZ8UZGHB	5	Five Stars Nice!
R2SX3XXNS1Y0L0	5	Five Stars Excellent.
R1U7EBVEN0MZDN	5	Great Works just as I needed. Great adapter.
R189CFIA5I253M	5	Five Stars Excellent Thank You..
R254K1P94YZ2Y6	4	Thoroughly impressed so far I have had this product in my phone for about a week now. Like with any battery, you want to set it up for its lifetime by getting it a full solid charge before using it in your phone. With my original phone battery, within five hours of idle time in my pocket it was at 40% battery. This battery averages to stay around 85% idle time in my pocket within five hours. I am not a very heavy smart phone user on the average day, but when I do use it, I use it a lot. So far I can say that I am thoroughly impressed with the improvement of the battery life by purchasing this product. If things change within the near future I will update this review accordingly. Would definitely recommend this product to anyone who is having battery issues with their S5.
R1WYG2ILY3S0VB	2	I bought 3 of these in July and let them ... I bought 3 of these in July and let them sit in the packaging until August 31.  When I went to charge them, only one of the three charged.  I will not make this mistake again.
R27KGSFHPE310O	5	Just push BUY NOW! Perfect! Love this! I was looking for a well made and secure way of keeping my phone accessible while out on my bike. There are tons op options but this one caught my attention. It has the normal adjustable retention clamp that holds onto the phone just like every other product. But this one adds in another way of strapping it in as an added layer of security. The clamp itself has a strong hold and would do fine alone, however I love the peace of mind the extra layer of protection gives me. The straps are kind of a stretchy rubber that feel strong (no worries of breaking) and hold onto the corners of your phone. I have an iphone 6 and it fits great! I don't use a phone case or cover and it still holds strong. I've tested it on a samsung galaxy with case and it still fits fine. The swivel allows the phone to be turned and twisted however you choose and can be tightened so,it won't move. This is an awesome product and I would have this over any other!
RCRJFGJ0XFCQY	4	Good price, easy charging Love it! Just wish it would charge a little faster
R1Y5ZPT4WMBD82	1	Doesnt help with anger issues I have anger issues and i hate smart phones period. I get mad cause texting i can't tell what button im hitting so i throw my phone alot. Already been threw 4 screans. So this case pops off really easy and well yup screen #4 case didnt do s***.
R2851ZKZO8BOF4	4	The best bluetooth I've had so far I like it so far, there are a few things I want to monitor regarding performance before I can say I'm actually having problems. It was a good price compared to retail and some Amazon ones. After all this time it still is working, but one of the ear buds cable stopped working properly.
R1U6DWOYSCS3IL	1	One Star Doesn't fit the screen and wont stick to the contour of the actual screen
RAFNJAEJM8Z3X	5	Five Stars Just as expected
RRR96N6623UC3	4	Feels good to have my arm free of it It did the job while I used it. The only issue is that my house key falls out if I adjust it while running. Also, if I go for longer runs, I get a rash from the sweat salt grinding under it. I switched to a FlipBelt, but that is just my preference. Feels good to have my arm free of it. I guess it would be perfect for you if you were just going on a walk or some activity where you didn't sweat.
RYEFZIGYYIZVS	5	Five Stars Tough case
R32EVVSTFBWP62	5	Five Stars Works very well.
R1ABHYPKGK157T	5	It Was OK... But Doesn't Cover THE ... It Was OK ...But Doesn't Cover THE WHole..Face Of Phone ...
R2QZ0WFIZ0WC6Y	1	One Star Did not fit the way we were expecting them to.
R2O3MR8LZRVGHX	1	When I just bought it I loved it because it's so difficult to find this specific ... When I just bought it I loved it because it's so difficult to find this specific color in cases. However the case turned terrible after only THREE days of wearing it. The color started coming off and the rest turned very dirty and impossible to clean. DON'T BUY IT.
R1ESZKHQPNFFCL	5	Five Stars Nice product! As described & pictured.
R2YRB4QJWPQC0A	4	Four Stars Haven't had a chance to try the product out yet, but visually, appears as expected.
R1YEXC3O541OKO	1	It looked nice but the case was loose and the plug wouldn't ... It does not attach correctly.. It looked nice but the case was loose and the plug wouldn't connect to the phone.
R9VOGN5JCKTVU	3	Three Stars It will work.
RKEZUINZTU2GZ	1	One Star All but one cord has stopped working and takes hours for it to fully  charge my phone or tablet
R1JLXP1FH56DSY	1	It dont work good, coudnt see a movie or netflix or youtube It dont work good , coudnt see a movie or netflix or youtube.
R2PMR797ERG94G	5	Updated review - Stellar Customer Service *This is an update to a previous review.  The Alaska Life has amazing customer service and will do what it takes to make sure you are taken care of as a consumer.  After reporting an issue with my product, they responded and got the product replaced immediately.  If you are stuck on making a purchase between a few different products, be assured that this choice comes with excellent service to support.  Can't go wrong.  Looking forward to the future products ahead.
R27I9K1U6R31I6	4	Strong, sturdy, and flexible. We love this phone mount! It works perfectly clipped to the vent so we can easily detach it and use it in whatever car we're driving. It's strong and sturdy and flexible.
R1IRI13Z0HLBIY	3	Three Stars NOT REALLY SUPPORTABLE
R2DQ87YFJW99TY	5	excellent condition. I finally received my anker 10ft today.. excellent condition.. works very well ... overall I am please with my purchase.. Thank You!
R1ZQI77XOJLS8G	5	He's no good to me dead. amazing fit, seems sturdy, plus you get a leather picture or card holder with purchase. it is not 3-d its just printed to look like that. Coolest phone case i have ever seen.
RWE34LACQQF0U	3	Three Stars Great phone case. But no screen protector. Said it would have one.
R3I7UX5WZ5GZH8	5	JUST AWESOME! I do not like hard plastic or bulky covers. This cover is jelly soft, fits perfectly, does not detract from the look of the phone and does not add any additional weight or thickness to the phone.
R2ZL1BD8O33H0E	3	It's cute and fun The pen to draw on the back doesn't stay in the clasp and dangles around on the string..but I love how easy it is to write on the back and erase it
R33Y4XJKJKYB9K	2	Two Stars The item was broken within couple of weeks after a small drop.
RBO3FHZCNSOC5	5	Five Stars Good!
R3EDGPR3DJQFAC	5	Easy to install. Crystal clear and SUPER SUPER smooth. Best shield I've used to date. My faith in screen protectors is restored! iLLumishield for the Nokia 1520 is easy, easy, easy to put on. The first time ever that I've done the dry method without messing it up. It's beautifully clear and the surface is SO super smooth to the touch. I like this much better than Armorsuit that I had on my Lumia before it.  The edges do not seal down completely due to the curve of the glass on my Lumia 1520, but with the protective cover on it hasn't been issue to deal with either.  I thought I had something great before, but Illumishield is much better. So much better.
R2M47XPMUGXLY1	5	Also love the app and how it syncs with my phone I have had no issues with this watch, unless it searches for the satellite signal a little too long for my patience, but it never lets me down! Also love the app and how it syncs with my phone.
RTEQVPI5A56YW	4	Good value Works well, but no instructions.
R2SBUZV6O37XY2	5	The Best On The Market - Don't Look No Where Else These are the best headphones I have ever owned!  I cant' rave enough about how lightweight and durable they are.  I did a lot of research and found that this was the best deal and offered the most comfort.  I had to have a noise cancelling wireless headphones for what I planned to use these for.  This product delivered way far above what was expected.  I would easily purchase another pair without hesitation.
R28YA899BVO0RD	1	One Star can't charge for more then 10sec's even with a 2 amp USB
R291JRLVTTI5GX	3	Three Stars Very good ..::;thank you
RXIGGSYL0EB7	5	They were happy with It was a gift.  They were happy with it
R2S2I563MU9J77	3	Three Stars Didn't fit my Samsung tab 4 7 inch I had to trim it.
RD3OO4HA6POZZ	5	Five Stars Worked perfectly in my 04 Corvette.
R69YAGWZDAUC1	2	Two Stars the pressure of the water cracks it in like 7 ft of depth
R5C1H6LGHE394	4	Works well. The shipping is slow though. Ship ... Works well.  The shipping is slow though.  Ship from China.  The material looks cheap, but didn't affect the functionality.  It works well.
R2RN99MK7P84YX	5	Five Stars Great!
R25E2U2FYASGIP	5	I loved it, it looks cute and classy on your ... it came on time and it also came with an extra screen protector. I loved it, it looks cute and classy on your phone and actually it's cheap. I would absolutely purchase it again if I ever loose mine.
R11051IF8BX3F3	5	Five Stars Works perfectly.
R3RXXIS831PV28	1	It has been almost a month since I started using ... It has been almost a month since I started using them. At first they worked well, but now the sign that says &#34;this device is not compatible with your device comes up often&#34; and sometimes I have to move the wire around several times in order for it to start charging.
RDORCAIVOT5EE	3	Three Stars Very plain
R2CGL7654TCU2P	5	great charger for android phones. This wall charger works very well with android phones! However, if you have an iphone, you should consider another option.
R10FM5QZD76EF9	5	Five Stars great holder!
R33PLFCGB8O9MZ	5	The key slot is a nice feature, but one I really don't plan on ... This fits my iPhone 5 perfectly and the armband adjusts so that I can strap it at any position between my upper arm and my wrist.  I use my iPhone when flying, so with the addition of the optional strap extender I purchased (Amazon), this allows me to mount the armband to either my arm, or just above my knee when strapped around my leg (sitting position) while in my flying harness.  The key slot is a nice feature, but one I really don't plan on using.  For someone who uses it for running or at the gym, it does make a lot of sense.  Price was very reasonable compared to the other two brands I had purchased and eventually discarded because the phone either didn't fit, or they were a hassle to use.
R324MCT0OGYFPM	3	so so Not good quality but good price
R22XMLDBRSN73E	5	good i really liked it but on the second day it broke but i could still fix it so its ok
R3K5G8RK0WJVO3	4	Four Stars just as described.  The band works well.  I would order another if needed1
R3M2JFLORXHEY1	4	It's not pretty but it works It works just as quick as my wall QC 2.0 quick charger and OEM fast charger for my Note 4. I have to take a star off as it does not fit very well in my lighter socket. About 1/2&#34; of the shaft sticks out and doesn't always provide a constant charge. I have to be careful as dips and bumps can knock it out of contact with the lighter socket power. I've since rigged something up to keep it locked in place. It's not pretty but it works.
R115EQT5PR2ZRC	2	Two Stars One of the buds died a few days after buying the product
R3QK1W74WI38R2	5	Love our new Garmin We absolutely love our new Garmin.  It was a replacement for an old Garmin.  We went for all the bells and whistles this time. The cool factor is the split screen when you approach a major freeway intersection and it shows you which lane to be in.  We got the one with the case because it is a convenient way to store it when not in use.
R2MUOYT6BLV552	4	Nice item. Charging the phone is a little annoying Nice item. Charging the phone is a little annoying, have to take plug out of bottom and the charger doesn't go in all the way.
R2P32V04K9XSDZ	5	Very Nice Silicone rubber texture feel! Fun little cable, Unique, Smaller Micro-USB End than OEM I really do like the Silicone rubber texture feel of these Wirelessky cables  - 15 inch is a great size but compared to my 4 FT Galaxy S6 OEM Cable it’s a huge difference so make sure you know exactly what you want to do with it… Still great to plug in to USB Hubs or Portable power chargers  - Seems to be easier and more flexible than some cables - The Micro-USB end is smaller more slim than the OEM cable (as you can see from the pictures) - But the USB End is just a hair bigger - Great cable, that Should fit through almost any case, slim or not - Seems durable but only time will tell how truly durable it is
R20OTZDP44VEFC	4	Pretty good protection Easy to install and stays put pretty well. Hairline scratches are unavoidable thought.
R2UD87OT4OKBDH	5	My favourite.. My favourite....  2nd case ordered , it is protective and holds 4 cards and a IOttie metal square to hold on IOttie vent car clip.  The 1st case was not bad,  It took allot of abuse from me and when I was at the beach it took a sand beaten..Could I have continued to use it sure, but it was time to get a fresh one..  Note: I dropped my phone a few times and thought each time it is done in ...But each time it was good as new.. Edging was enough to keep out good  For the money spent this is a great product
R9YSYC9FYDSX7	5	Five Stars I wish u sold these bulk.
R1XH3COKT5GDJD	2	Two Stars It's waterproof but the buttons don't work that enable you to take pictures.
R3S3M8Q9NOUCQB	5	Five Stars Works great!
R397CTAS6YKXJM	1	DON'T BUY FROM THIS VENDOR, was a refurb, not new phone per LG repair service UPDATE 3/31/17: This phone turned out to be refurbished, not new.  Also became a total dud, cannot recommend it after all.  First of all, we found out it was a rooted device and no efforts to fix that could ever get the phone to update.  Then the touchscreen had issues.  Finally, after 18 months (and out of warranty, of course!), the phone simply stopped booting up one day.  It would only cycle the LG logo over and over.  I sent it to LG based on their instructions, who knew it was out of warranty but were supposed to let me know how much to fix it.  Instead, LG just sent it back to me with this note:  &#34;ESN Blocked. Aftermarket alteration to phone voids warranty. ESN and color of phone do not match. Refurbished unit or non LG label.&#34;  Total surprise to us as we thought we were purchasing a brand new LG phone based on the vendor's description.  We have replaced this with a Motorola G4 and hope to have better results all around.  Buyer beware!  PRIOR REVIEW: This was purchased as a gift for my son's 14th birthday and for starting freshman year in high school. It was factory sealed, perfect condition.  We got him an otter case to protect from oopsies. He's very happy with the phone, especially loves the bigger screen, battery's long life, the quality camera. He's in marching band and his phone is his lifeline to keeping up with his schedule and communications with band friends.  We had to have the AT&T store fix the access point (we use GoPhone) to use the data plan, but now all is working fine. This phone will probably pass down to his brother or me down the road.
RATZMAWMOK10Z	4	Four Stars works welll!
RJ0CZ4F373A9Z	3	Three Stars Overall good product, battery life seems to diminish after prolonged use.
RDF9UT2EJ76OR	5	Outstanding Cable and Connectors Very Good Quality, nice feel connectors.  Impressive cable!
R1EQB2Y08F1D81	5	A great case for a great phone [[VIDEOID:337a5584853242682937739abbe38f92]] I was sent this case by G-Hub UK for my honest opinion on this case.  I am really impressed with this case, it's worth every penny. It's really light weight, a great style with high quality production, the cut outs are great and the grip is second to none. Great value for money, would definitely recommend it to all!  Check out the video review on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPBFj113Tzo
RA1DN4202GB3E	5	A very well designed product. This is well made. Well designed and can charge either or both an iPad and iPhone. My guess is it has enough juice to charge an iPhone at least 3 times before needing a re-charge. Would I ever use the flashlight? Perhaps it would come in handy when traveling or when light is unavailable.
R2ES9DWIWE8BVJ	4	Love it. Awesome product for my phone. Even has a warranty with it Love it.  Awesome.  Like the life time warranty it comes with
R2AYIFQKIFW17U	5	Slow but true! *NOTE* some of these WILL fit the surface pro 3 kickstand to attach the hinge.  Thanks!
R36J6DLY9PB91F	5	Really comfortable This armband is really comfortable, unlike my last one which was scratchy and made my arm sweat. The front plastic is thin enough that all of the touchscreen buttons work.
R3R6T2OB3IA9MZ	5	Works Great! Easy Fix! Everything you need to replace the ear speaker and headphone jack on a Samsung Galaxy Note 3. The repair was quick and easy. Thankful for this kit so that I didn't have to buy a new phone! It's well worth the $10!
R11XOQ0G1QNLB	5	Five Stars Very good
R3LJL4AAVHO0Q0	5	I love how there are two ports incase my passengers would ... This car charger seems to be very fast charging. I feel that it is much faster than my apple wall charger. I love how there are two ports incase my passengers would like to charge too. The white and grey is very stylish and I love the blue led which indicates it's charging. Very nice product!
R35DHXIPB8C11X	5	Five Stars Exactly what I needed!
R3PKVA9BNYXXL8	5	Great tool added to our team Great tool added to our team.  Communication is a dream now and we do not have to use our employees personal cell phones.  GREAT TOOL!  Thank you.
RZ4GIRQREMLRA	1	It is not a good material It was broken in the first week... It is not a good material
R2Y5TUA4VLBDOL	5	Five Stars Works fine.
R1VQIHRQCQ2625	5	Five Stars Great
R192EI7N9KS3D	5	My husband accidentally dropped it on cement and his phone was fine. The best cases available Fits the phone and protects it well! My husband accidentally dropped it on cement and his phone was fine. The best cases available.
R3P325SJVX9U3M	5	I love this wireless charger i use this one daily and ... I love this wireless charger i use this one daily and never have any issues with it i bought several other wireless chargers and all broke within 6 months or less i have this one almost a year now and it is great it has three coils and finding the &#34;sweat spot&#34; is just a think of the past this one you can just drop your phone and keep it moving I find the blue light on the unit to nt be distracting when I sleep at all great for a night table.
R3EUGZ8HPBI2Z8	5	Five Stars This extra battery give me the extended life I needed for my LG G3 phone.
R2M0N4X7MB1G5T	5	excellent dual sub-woofer I put this in my wife's car as a replacement for another kicker combo set-up. Could not find the same woofer must be out of production, now I see why! This is brand new and still being made, excellent dual sub-woofer. Makes my wife's system really kickher...
RPKQ7MGBCG3J6	5	Five Stars Sturdy, basic and subtle.  A great cell phone protector.
RXFRPZX29ZGAD	1	Just a basic overpriced cable Absolute trash.  This cable feels cheap and does NOT charge any faster than a normal $2 cable.  Don't believe the hype and save your hard earned money for something actually worth it.
R3UD6SFFOF32J6	2	Two Stars the plastic part of the screw breaks easily
RNUU256VSJED6	5	Five Stars Works great
RD5HTBL5NTY3Y	5	Five Stars Just what I needed
RF4V1OYH5K86X	1	Cute but cheap. Cute phone case but cheaply made, it broke a few months after I bought it.
R2KFC82VKKAK5W	5	LOVE IT LOVED IT,NEEDED A CORD
R1DOREI4KFLBNI	5	I like the color and I like the color and everything
R1FHHIC1KH9DPZ	5	Great replacement battery 100% functional! Works flawlessly.  Original battery had reach end of life, you would need to charge the phone once, sometimes twice during the day.  Now with this battery based on my usage i go all day and sometimes til the next morning before charging.  Also the NFC chip works just like the original.  Some other batteries on Amazon got bad ratings due to lack of the NFC function.  This battery is definitely worth it.
R3BPA6XWU2DXG	5	Excellent product that works exactly as advertised Excellent product that works exactly as advertised. I wish the cord was a bit longer as the AC receptacle in the car that I am currently driving is located in the center console away from the dashboard but it's only a minor quibble as it still stretches sufficiently for my needs. Product arrived much faster (12 days) than was estimated. This cord is much better than the stock cord that came with my 265W so I would highly recommend this product to any Garmin users stuck with a bad power cord as I was.
R3ORF4IQ7IFA9S	1	Do not buy! Scratches very easily I spent the extra money on this glass screen, because I expected it to withstand scratches (as advertised). This evening I knelt down to tie my shoes and my phone slipped out of my breast pocket and skidding about 8 inches across the sidewalk (screen side down). As I said I was only kneeling, so the total distance the phone fell was no more than a few feet. I picked up the phone and was surprised (disappointed) to see a long scratch mark across the entire length of the screen. I tried polishing it with the included cleaning cloth, but to no avail - the scratch is permeant.  Save your money and purchase a different screen protector - that way if it gets scratched you can just replace it without losing the bank.
R3I8SFR715OCYD	1	Was 5 for the first one, but the next 3 failed! I used to give this a 5 star.  I had one and loved it.  Finally it cracked when I dropped my phone on cement.  It was still a 5 star item as my phone was not damaged.  I then bought 3 more of these.  2 for an iPhone 5S and 1 for a 6 plus.  I could NOT get a single one of them to install and besides my previous cracked version I have installed older non-glass protectors as well.  All 3 are ruined.  I went to The Anker website but the form they have for problems is long and complicated including pictures.  Multiply that by 3 and it's just not worth the time.  Hence the one star review now.  A 25% success rate is not good.  That's too bad because I did like the protector.  Now I am using the protector that came with my Otterbox and my daughter has a non glass protector on hers.
R1N5YNSM9PHP1S	5	Saved my phone from damage today!!! I've had this for about 3 months.  The case itself is unobtrusive, and I've noticed no degradation to the phone's performance.  My phone dropped 3 feet out of our truck and onto a paved parking lot today.  It bounced around several times, and I was cringing with every bounce.  The case protected it 100%, with no cracks or scratches whatsoever.  The case saved my $500 phone, which is why I bought it, so giving it an enthusiastic 5 stars.  At first I thought I'd got what I expected with the screen protector.  It was all scratched and lifting at the edges.  Finally I decided to just take it off ... and ... MY BAD; there was a thin cover over the screen protector!  With that taken off, the screen protector performs just as well as the Zagg protectors I like to buy, maybe even better.
R2KBOP3GNZ6FI7	3	Three Stars Nice case but it didn't fit the phone that we bought it for
R3QLUAWJXU4LH2	5	Five Stars Great product works fine
R1E0VACVVPPTW9	5	Five Stars Works great for overnight charging, as it doesn't charge as fast as a plug in connection.
R2JD70QT84MT08	3	It's better than expected Great! Sound quality is really good for earbuds. Battery life is fairly long. My only issue is the odd shape of the buds, which make it hard to fit in my ear and stay there.
R2RRDDAPMFPAGJ	5	This is amazing! Cannot express how awesome this is!!! The original one they sent me did not work well. I had to resync every single time I got in the car. It was annoying but I lived with it. I left a review stating my dissapointed and to my surprise they contacted me and sent me a brand new model. The new model works completely different and ended up being EXACTLY what I was looking for. It syncs automatically when I get in my car after just 2 seconds. The sound quality is unbelievable. I could not be happier!
RGRIT09JQS8L6	2	Works with one cord but not with two. Disappointed. This is a great idea. But. Using two cords at once they each do not hold the connection. Ok for one at a tie but that is not what I ordered it for.
R35GG4O1SXA503	2	Nope! The product looks great, but the case cracked just by removing the phone from the case. You need to remove from the case to charge with most of my cables and my dock. Not impressed
R1V7W4TAAM0QNO	5	Amazing Leather Feel, Top Quality, I would so recommend this and buy it again. I actually really love this new way to combine my Wallet and IPhone 6+ I had a Metal Money Clip which I used and loved, but after 3 scratched credit cards I had to replace it, I threw in the towel.  I like this one for a few reasons.  * The Pictures here are very accurate.  A tad heavier than a plain plastic case.  1. Great Leather Feel, so much better a feel in my hand vs. plastic. 2. The Clip magnetically snaps. It doesn't move unless you move it. But cleanly is great for a stand to watch videos. 3. Good Tough Guy Look and feel. None of those clasps that Women uses for their purses.  This is simple and tough! 4. I keep three 20s in the lower part and my 2 credit cards and Drivers License in the top.  My funny comment is after I put it in my Pocket, I for the first few days kept thinking 'Where is my Wallet'  This keeps everything in One place, and for those like me who put their wallet in the bathroom, closet, kitchen, dining room and random places only to find you are now late for work... You get me.  IPhone 'Find my Phone' works in 1 minute, madly searching your house, pants etc... take forever and frustrating.  Simple, Amazing Quality Leather, Slim and Cool.  I absolutely recommend this for anyone who doesn't have that  &#34;George Castanza&#34; Mongo huge wallet.  And really do you ever need that 8&#34; of Wallet in your Pocket.  Go Slim, the Ladies Love it!
R4MG1LHPSS93F	1	Junk. Junk. Threw it out within a day, never stayed put.
R1B532W1UNPYWE	5	Edge-to-edge-to-edge-to-edge protection! Great screen protector! The fit is perfect, although it does take extra effort to align correctly with the phone &#34;Close All&#34; and &#34;Return&#34; icons at the bottom. It covers the entire screen perfectly. I did see some reviewer state that it did not. I don't know if there are variant versions of this screen protector; mine did cover the entire screen. This complete coverage can be a plus or a minus when using some phone cases. For example, there are no issues with the screen protector edges raising when using the Samsung Galaxy S6 Case, Rock Touch Series - Ultra Thin Premium Leather Flip Case. However, there are issues when using another case, such as the Galaxy S6 OBLIQ [Slim Metal] Thin Bumper Fit Armor Scratch Resist Metallic Finish Dual Layered Heavy Duty Hard Protection Hybrid. Most cases that ride on the topmost part of the chamfered edges may cause the screen protector to raise up.
RHD718XQVFMJV	1	Wrong case for LG Volt The volume buttons are not properly placed for the LG 740 Volt phone. There is also no indentation between volume up, and volume down functions. The belt holder also blocks the volume down button, disallowing screenshot use. I would give it zero stars, since I can't use it with my phone.
R1J0VVPHWRTG9R	5	Five Stars Love it....
RAW4Y6EI0DG6	2	you get what you pay for Crap. Two of the 3 cords stopped working within two weeks of use. Only good thing I can say is they ship fast
RMIAD37B1XCQ9	2	This sweat seeps in and not a good thing for your This is meant for running and obviously you sweat in it. This sweat seeps in and not a good thing for your phone
R3OQ7MIDAVJ5ED	2	Not well made Not dust proof. Not well made. Noticed plastic near buttons was giving way within a month. Ripped totally off in three months of typical use. Tons of dust gets behind and makes the see through back a terrible idea unless you like seeing the dirt smudged on your phone.
R8FNIYFSWMFGX	5	Fantastic high quality product Great product, high quality and a fantastic length; not frustratingly short and not comically long. Well worth the small fortune it cost to have this sent to NZ.
R2COX2NTPQB3PH	5	Coolest case ever my new fav Looks classy and great on my blue iPhone C, seems to be a very sturdy protective case, light up feature is awesome the front lights up as well. Lovee it my new favorite phone case!!!😀 and it also came very quick in the mail. Gotta love Amazon right !! Had all my friends amazed with the light up part and it's very sleek on the phone with good  buttons that are actually easier to press then the phone without the case.
R1CVKQ5OAYIUXL	1	Disappointed. It works to charge iphone 6 but won't work with speaker dock with 30-pin... Disappointed.
R2SUW3GKQXPEH0	5	Awesome Purchse The best purchase ever made online. I would definitely recommend the seller to others.
R1XVQCRPYTMUPW	3	Three Stars difficult due more to size then product -
R3F2A7HRDJ4WR0	5	W220 radio install simplified Perfect fit and finish simplified a dreaded install
R25UN80VEICN01	5	Five Stars GREAT SELLER PRODUCT WORKED GREAT
R15ZEDU1NB6QX8	5	Five Stars happy
RXAXRSZ522LDZ	5	Five Stars Cool product
R8DC784J5FQ82	5	Five Stars Great quality
RQPEWNT71X1J6	1	One Star Didnt work when i got it...
RV4OT9E0M81M5	5	Five Stars Ok!
R3OMPGS57F8ILJ	5	Fav case! My favorite going-out case. Wish it didn't have the antenna hole. Very sharp and well-fitting. Love the coffee color combo.
R15KDZGXBZQ7PF	5	Five Stars Came quick and was exactly as posted
R2UR169R30YNGQ	5	Fantastic Smart Watch!!! I love this watch and highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for connectivity on the Android platform.  It is a little bigger than a regular watch but my regular watch doesn't show me emails and texts so it is definitely a fair trade-off.  I would buy this watch again.
RBPM2ECXZP0A7	3	Three Stars Screen was really cheap and broke in a month with normal use
R263ZVB8CPXY2R	5	Good covers at a great price! The cases arrived quickly and were exactly what I expected. Good colors and fit snug. Not a lot of protection if it drops but it's enough for me. I would buy this brand again for my next phone.
R22XCYDK75IHIQ	4	Great earbuds with only a minor disadvantage These are the best earbuds I've ever used, and trying to use any others feels dull after using these for months. Their quality is great, volume is perfect, and are comfortable on the ears. That being said, the only inconvenience is that I haven't had mine for even a year and they've stopped working. However the price is cheap and quality great, so I will willingly purchase new ones every 6 months if I have to. I highly recommend these earbuds.
R3VRX7YROJUWLZ	5	I like the open face of it and the strength of ... I have very skinny arms, but I measured before I bought it. My arm is about 9&#34; around, so this did fit it (just barely). I like the open face of it and the strength of the silicone. It's not as bulky as other brands.
R2I7ZUNS2QLVIL	5	GREAT product! Product looks great and was SUPER easy to put on. Love the big sticky screen cleaner to get all the dust off. If I have to get another screen, will definitely purchase the Poweradd screen protector again!
R1XI9970DW71NR	2	:( Not sure if I got a defective one or not, but takes very long to charge and runs out very quick.
R2TL0M4OAEQ31W	5	Five Stars It was great. I love it!!
R10AG06CENMP15	4	Four Stars good case
R10KNUZM4135V7	5	perfect fit, and heavy duty perfect fit, and heavy duty, great case for the note 5, pair it up with a glass shield and your phone is protected for everyday use.
RJC35Z9QPUQMQ	1	Too small... Think might be able to fit around my wrist. Good for someone with child sized arms.
R2NZ2BV2IARAZZ	4	Great replacement; not to difficult to DIY Worked great after I cracked the screen on my iPhone 4.  go to youtube for general instructions, proceed carefully and the rest was pretty easy.
R2NIJSJU2DBX7E	5	Great case This is a super thin case with lots of fun color choices!  Won't make your phone bulky and I've had it bounce off the parking lot more than once with no damage.
R3MAZPZD59YUXA	5	a Must for those who love their smartphones. Bought for my son after he saw I had another vendors model, he wanted to take it and I needed it for work when have long days on a call with support. This model charges his phone 4 times with juice left over, although he charges as soon as 1 bar is missing if around power. Owned a couple months, so far it has held up, will update if fails prematurely, expect 3-5 years of use.
R29H8UD6M3UQ8	5	Great Charger I have had the charger for three days and it works very well. Charges all my devices and is great for travel. Definitely worth the money. If anything changes I will update the post.
R2KS25BDO9F5I4	5	I am happy to report that now Bought two of these maybe a month ago because all the other ones I had bought before them had fallen apart. Figured if I bought two I'd have a backup for when the next one breaks.  I am happy to report that now, one month later, it is still working! Who knows for how much longer though lol
R2OHLB6Q9VCMGB	5	Great Product The iPhone 6 Armband comes in a little cardboard container. The whole thing is really thin; almost paper thin. There are two separate wraps for this product. One is for your arm which is big enough to fit any arm. The other is for headphones so they aren't dangling everywhere while jogging. My phone fits perfectly in the spot for it. There is a clear case so you can see your screen at all times. The armband is very comfortable to wear and does the job of protecting the phone and also allowing one to carry on with the tasks being done without worrying about the phone. It is sweat proof and also has a holder for keys and cards. I love this product it's light as a feather and fits me perfectly. I definitely recommend. I received this product for free in exchange for an honest review.
R1RH32XU1GIH3I	5	Five Stars I purchased one and liked it so much, I purchased another one for my husband as well :)
R3F81LH2KYPVW4	5	Five Stars Nice
R1I5RC9F6ZO5Q4	5	Very Functional - No Longevity - Updated (2x) I would give this product 4 or maybe 5 stars, however; after about a month and 8-10 uses, the bluetooth won't pick any of my devices up any more! Sometimes, it starts out okay, but the signal gradually fades and then the signal is &quot;Out of Range&quot;. Again, I'd be very pleased with this product if it lasted, but it didn't.  UPDATE - After reading my review, Patozon sent me a new pair of headphones for free. I only received them today, so I'll reserve judgment for the moment. Although I can't speak for the new set yet, I can speak for Patozon customer service. They didn't hassle me. They sent me one email, apologized, and informed me that they were sending a new set. Excellent customer service.  UPDATE #2 - My new set of headphones has worked flawlessly, to date. I'm very happy with the purchase and would not hesitate to buy from Patozon in the future.
R5ZC7DWO5YFAH	1	Never Again! The phone doesn't work properly in the case. It is too big and bulky so when you actually try to use your screen or even turn up the volume it wont allow you to.
R1FOCS476A1IC	5	Five Stars Love it!
RFFECBSYJAF9K	5	Worth the investment! works just as advertised.
R1XZ798B9Z7G7A	5	Five Stars Great phone
RV8C0KRNZBQQO	5	iPhone Case As advertised Recommend
R2F886S1UBVRBL	5	Comforting to ears. These wireless earphones gives a great quality sound. All the music sound and the voice during call can be heard smoothly. The earbuds are soft and comforting. I don't have to adjust it in the ears again and again. t was provided to me as a free sample to test and I recommend it to everyone.
R2Y5TO7DP0521D	5	Lifetime warranty! MFI certified and braided.  Also comes with tech armor's awesome lifetime warranty.  No competition.  A braided wire can withstand 10x the punishment before there is damage and the data connection was flawless.  It does not feel nearly as flimsy as the OEM wire.  Plus since its backed by the lifetime warranty I wont ever need to buy a replacement cable.  Personally, I highly recommend the 6ft version as you can always coil it up, however if you get the 2ft version and find that you need more length, you can't add to it.  I personally prefer the black cable as it does not appear to get as dirty.
R1QUMUG8JLS94F	5	Five Stars Huge bulls fan it fits good ! I love it !!
R14BVVG3NHGSE8	5	Pleased I am pleased with my purchase of the Dynamics Wall Chargers. I need extra because I want to plug my phone into outlets in different parts of the house without having to move the charger around. These work just like the ones that come with my phone. They are made better than the ones found at local discount or drug stores. This product was provided at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
R8VNDFOQFWEQG	5	Satisfaction 100% The product got delivered as described in the product description..
R1M2AGQ2F9RCH2	4	Love the case Love the case! The only thing is that other chargers besides the IPhone one doesn't fit and you have to remove case to charge it.
RQJP1OQSMRB12	4	Another nice thought would be for this to come attached to ... Works well although not the highest voice quality when speaking.  Another nice thought would be for this to come attached to a phone holder since most people use one anyway. Then, you wouldn't have to stick it on the dash somewhere.
R2Z8TOXPQVUBVC	3	Handy to have, has small faults. Fits the cigarette lighter thingy just fine, but the actual rig is very heavy and I have to prop it up or it almost rips the whole face of my console off. Before I propped it up it would bounce and wobble which made it. Very difficult to use. The clip to hold my phone (lg g4) baaaarely fits with the small case, will not work with wallet case. After a LOT of driving the clip portion came off the mount. It's a Ball joint system held on with a plastic nut, so just tightening it from time to time will solve that. LOVE the charger ports, and the extra lighter port on the mount itself. However I had to buy a new charge cable, the one they send will &#34;harm my phone&#34; according to said phone. All in all I love having it, with a couple small modifications.
RWE0IT77QMOI3	5	Five Stars nice
R2TCOVLKFP272B	5	Love it! Love this case and carrier. High quality and not big and bulky like some are.
RB64559C8M95H	5	My phone is in like new condition because of this case I've had this on my phone for a year, I rarely remove it. My phone is in like new condition because of this case, its the best case I've ever owned for any phone.  If I had to choose a con, it would be that it makes a large phone slightly larger and boxier, but that wont matter when you realize your phone is in perfect condition every time you remove it.
R35H02FP6YLAJG	5	Works great! Works great! Don't have to use a bunch of different wall outlets to charge a bunch of devices.
R20XSQOHZOIIFK	5	Highly recommend! Works perfectly and arrived earlier than I expected. Highly recommend!
RZ6SW2DAZI38C	3	Cute but not the best quality The case is absolutely adorable and I loved it but I had to replace it after about 3-4 months of use!  But hey if you don't remind replacing cases often it was definitely worth it for the designs offered!
RXETBL194LUG1	1	Do Not Buy Charged my phone only a few times then stopped working.  I would not recommend it.
R2LFBCJ7EUU4AZ	5	Mophie charger for iPhone 4s Great product. Delivered as stated  looks new.  I'm a heavy user and phone last all day and night with power to spare. I purchased Purchased one for my wife and she gets 2 days out of a full charge
R3UCIOAO7S667G	1	didn't fit my phone at all. It said it ... didn't fit my phone at all. It said it fit my exact brand and model. It's huge and I don't have a glass cutter. I just tossed it
R39O6Y5W3NGE2U	5	Five Stars perfect fit
R3KTJIKQUHOTVY	5	Great Product Product is accurately made and fits perfectly on the phone. Looks very nice and seems very durable.
RYW0ILIK1681D	3	Three Stars Volume is too low and not adjustable
R6VWX1Q4HNCT6	5	Five Stars EXCELENTE
R22BEXKM9H4IOC	5	Five Stars Great part and easy to install
R30SPLU88PCXNJ	3	Decent, but could be better. Upon receiving the product two of them were the correct size (for iPhone 6) but one came for the iPhone 5. The protector doesn't cover the entire bezel, just enough to cover the actual display. It's fairly straightforward to put on as long as you make sure to clean the display and make sure no dust gets in.
R9VQO66O2KRUQ	5	Great for the price, love the quality. Pretty cool!
R3GTZKR3ELKERP	2	Love the look and the idea Love the look and the idea, but the hard casing that fits over the soft bumper part did not stay attached on one corner. It just kept popping out. I finally just broke down and bought an Otter Box.
RZUP9TH7ZCM8L	5	Five Stars My husband is very pleased with the cover.  Great product
RG5JYNKNJ9N6W	5	Amazing brand, great case I love this case.  It took me a long time to choose one but I love Speck and will keep buying their products.  I have used it for a couple of months now and dropped my phone here and there with no issues.
R2K8P3F6G18ZSV	5	Better than I expected for the price Better than I expected for the price. I feel my phone is protected and the rubber on all 4 corners is pretty thick.
R3ABIU147FK3V4	4	Good, comfortable set of headphones. Between everyone in my house, we use a lot of headphones and seem to go through them pretty frequently because we were buying inexpensive ones. I had the opportunity to get these and so far they work great and feel they will last a while. I use them for online lectures for school, and I listen to them with a bunch of kids running around and I can honestly say they do a good job at canceling out the outside noise. It's not completely silent but it's definitely not distracting. The only thing I would have liked to see with these is extra ear buds (or whatever they're called). You get one size, so it's not easy for my kids to use because it doesn't fit in their ears very well.  Other than that, they are a good, quality set of headphones and are comfortable to wear. **i did receive this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased feedback.
RP5UN1ZQY5CP6	5	Great phone case/cover at an amazing price Great phone case/cover at an amazing price! It's durable and fits my phone/ports perfectly! Honestly, it offers the same protection but with more durability than my last OtterBox case.
RRLK6RORN9BHY	5	Five Stars Excellent, Just That I Need, Faster Charge
R138KJ3FSHUFB6	5	Like many others I have a "little thief" that likes ... For the rather unusual reason that a average consumer would purchase a &#34;fake&#34; IPhone is completely on you.  The phone looks and feels the same. As my iPhone 5s. Like many others I have a &#34;little thief&#34; that likes to take my phone. So now I just give them the fake phone and they're amused for hours. 10/10 would possibly recommend
R2A7DDKT5MMCQW	5	works great, secure, puts the phone in my line of sight does everything it is supposed to.  Keeps the phone secure on my dashboard, in my line of sight so I don't have to take my eyes off the road when using navigation or navigating music.
R1PU2AEB2ZWJC3	5	Just perfect. Love it! Very easy to install and provides a great protection. I recommend it.
R3I5373CP143K6	5	Great Case! I really like this case.  I bought it for my Samsung Galaxy Note 4.  My husband wanted the Otter Box Defender for his phone but I found that to be way to bulky for my needs.  This case meets my expectations.
R1LPIJSEY0FXN7	5	Five Stars Perfect for the upgrade.
R35YOT0LH7JMK4	1	intall immediately Rearview camera never worked. I actually purchased two one for me and one for my co worker. I waited to long to hook them up to get a refund. But now I got some cool license plate decor..  PS my coworker's never worked either.. But for 12$ we didn't feel like asking for a refund.
R3UUUCN1RYY1PT	5	Love it! Word of recommendation Love it!  Word of recommendation; I recommend the phone battery case with the wireless receiver already install; for this to work great; I have the Galaxy S4 and just order my husband for his iPhone 6.
R1DDR72D60TUKB	5	Five Stars Works fine
RBQUDWHXFGAOE	5	Five Stars Works very well, let's see if it lasts.
R2ER1VJUV1XAKR	5	I love it bought a second one I love it  bought a second one. May buy a third. Heavy duty.
R19YNNAE7MAR6H	5	Natural power is great. This is a great product!  I love being able to solar charge the battery and use that power to charge my phone. The lights are great to understand the charging/charging function. It is a great compact size and feels extremely dourable. The two USB ports are great options and it charges my phone quickly. Wonderful way to being power with you on be go.
R2T45DFGZKHJ9V	3	Not bad but not good either. 5 for 99 cents!  They provide scratch protection but not crack protection. For the price, they are not but but they will need to be replaced once a month if you want a nice looking screen.  Spend a little more and get a nice glass one.
RD7U0K32K7P0U	5	Five Stars Works great for holding my Magellan GPS or my iPhone on the dashboard.
R3RDFMSPHF0QY2	5	Awesome Product was and still is perfect comea in a couple days as informed all in all a perfect buy it charges my phone at least 4 times from 0% to 100 i have a galaxy
R3751SRS7TFV5H	5	Couldn't be happier with the purchase! Love this case, perfect fit, great material, great price! Exactly what I was looking for.
RAFYHBLNDVMBO	1	One Star Its not working properly. can't even charge 100% of my iphone6. n the small round switch is broken. so this is useless. i cant even use it anymore.
R27FWLHMYO25HU	1	not enough protection not a good case for me
R7MQJ8CUE1XTK	5	... shows the beauty of the iPhone but not slippery like other clear cases I previously owned and the ports ... Slim case that shows the beauty of the iPhone but not slippery like other clear cases I previously owned and the ports are high enough for all types of lightning cables and all types of headphones and the speaker holes are exact
RLIJGSPYDY6H0	1	One Star Did not work at all!!!
R1UB06TRFMSSVR	5	Five Stars I liked so much it's very cute and received on good time
R2HQWCWJB9JD1G	5	Great charger at a great price! I've only used it once but it's performing as expected!
RPGAXUGJHCJOE	4	Four Stars Cheaply made but adequate for the price.
RK2F0X3RECA6A	2	... cheap stuff... if ... ...cheap stuff...if you put the metal piece inside the case and not glued on the outside it won't hold....specially on heavy duty cases...
R3M3MJ9RZCPF6H	4	They aren't THAT bad I mean, they are pretty cheaply made- you can tell that right away. However, the sound isn't bad and they get pretty loud. I've had them for about a week now and haven't had any noticeable trouble. I'm most likely going to return them at the first sign of any issue because there are more credible headphones at a similar price. But franky, for the price I paid, they're not as bad as everyone is saying.
R2HNK4WTXA2CAA	5	This case has saved me from a shattered screen more ... This case has saved me from a shattered screen more times than I care to admit. I get lots of complements on the design too.
R1M02GBUJNI6ZV	4	good so far One month.......good so far.
R3AXC3WXOWDVM4	5	Five Stars nice unit  works well
R145YJERJ0WHY7	2	Two Stars It's too heavy for kayak use.  It weighs 10 pounds.
R3OH4P035C9D3J	1	So disappointed! Did not fit my iPad ... Not even close! So disappointed!
R1HGZPMPCNTT9V	5	Five Stars Loved this case! Sturdy and very fashionable!
RWRYGNG4YN0YJ	5	Five Stars Love it! Its amazing. Its heavy and keeps phone super secure!
R2C3ETEGZEHKE5	5	Five Stars Works great!!
R2DHT2T350C6G8	5	convenient for people always on the go This little charger can be used so two devices can be charged at the same time. Very convenient for people always on the go.  Compact and actually works. Sleek design.
R3JOMI5JHELQ2	4	Four Stars Has saved my phone several times. Usage for 2 years without issue.
R2H6E6YTPXVFOW	5	Five Stars AMAZING PRODUCT! FAST SHIPPING! THANK YOU!
R3LSWOKCXDEOPL	5	Five Stars Works as expected with a Toshiba tablet running Windows 8.1.
R2DOWI5SJT23XF	3	Its okay.. Connects to Bluetooth pretty quickly. My only observation is, I hit the button and nothing happens. So I hit the button a few more times and it finally takes the picture. I'd give it a 80% performance rate.
R3F5RT1QZ7QMKV	5	Do you love yourself too much? Buy this. Great for all us narcissistic Americans that think other people want to see pictures of us that we took ourselves at bad angles in poor lighting at events we think are cool. Mates fine and works. Technology is nuts!
RPJ19I6LIO3FT	5	Five Stars Product is very good and satisfactory.  This seller's items are always welcome.
R2NDWYIH1XBG7A	5	Great case for the money Great case for the money.  Being clumsy I've already dropped it a few times, but no damage done. Looks really nice on the Gold 6 Plus.
R36LPLLP8G6DM6	1	One Star Cheap product and not worth any star in the evaluation
R3HSWCV265XQAZ	1	One Star DEVICE WILL NOT RECOGNIZE STYLUS, CLEARLY NOT AUTHENTIC BECAUSE OF THIS
RKB4LDE6OHFWZ	1	One Star It was not what I expected I thought it was the phone case but I was wrong
R2OC65S41TEDCB	5	Great product Received a replacement from the seller and it is working very well.
R3OEME29W1ZCOI	5	Works Great Works great. The smaller tip works much better for drawing.
R286N9N9UDO1JI	5	Good Value; Best Selfie Stick Package I've Seen This is a well made selfie stick that feels solid in your hand, and it stays feeling solid when fully extended, supporting the weight of the phone without difficulty.  To extend the stick, simply pull out as many sections as it takes to get the length you desire and give them a little twist to the left.  Fully extended the stick is about 3'.  To collapse the stick, give the sections a little twist to the right and push them down.  Included in the package with the stick are the remote with battery, phone clamp to use with the stick or tripod, mirror you can attach to back of clamp, small tripod, stand for the  camera, and a GoPro adapter which in my case came without the thumb screw.  But that is not a problem for because I don't have a Go:Pro.  To use the stick you screw the clamp onto the stick after deciding if you want your phone to  be horizontal or vertical.  The clamp is designed to give both options.  The photos can then be  taken using the Bluetooth remote.  Although I have mixed feelings about remotes since it something that can be lost or forgotten, this is a nice one.  I like the fact that it has an on/off switch so that battery doesn/t get used up prematurely.  But if it does, no problem.  It is a common CR2032 and widely  available..  Amazon has pages and pages with buying options.  The  small tripod is also nicely done.  Take the clamp from the tripod and screw it on the tripod, then take your photos with the remote.  Finally, if you don't want to use the tripod, use the kick stand.  With three options, selfie stick, tripod, kick stand, this is most complete selfie stick package I have seen, and everything is well made.  A nice sleeve is also provided for storage.  Sample provided at a reduced price for purpose of review.
RZU7G14BK3N38	1	NOT FOR HCT8XT Did not fit my HTC 8xt phone  :[
R2BLD03MIFJQ0W	4	Four Stars I loved da watch although I wish i could surf the internet on it.
R39JZHBTWNL2JR	5	Finding your phone is a game changer. Perfect for cutting through the clutter, finding your stuff and getting out the door fast. I found Tile through their crowd fund campaign and bought four in November 2014. I liked my first set of Tiles, and probably used them once a week (mostly to find my keys to get out of the house faster).  When I saw that Tile was coming out with a new version that could ring my phone, I jumped fast. Since I've upgraded to the new Gen 2 Tiles, I literally use them everyday. Seriously, a huge game changer, couldn't be more stoked.
R62HVYJWJUIJ7	5	Just buy it, nothing else compares. I could not have bought the perfect car mount for my Mazdaspeed Miata. My car is compact and has a smaller windshield than regular sedans. I was forced to forgo my rear view mirror attachment because it limited my view of the road- that's how small it is. I took a chance with this mount because I liked a reviewer's video showing how simply you could place your phone on to the mount without having to pry open a clamp; I really appreciate the one handed aspect of it.  You can tighten the swivel head to be looser or tighter and the suction cup base is both suction cup and sticky to the touch.
RWM4BAJE0P4M2	5	Five Stars I love the case already . Shipped faster then expected
RI7B9OSVFPLR4	5	Good buy Works great over my cracked screen
R1XVVEJYMQBW1O	3	good for the price. you get what you pay for. It's ok. It doesn't go around the screen as much as I'd like but it's working so far
R14GVVFNXFLNVP	1	Worked sometimes Has a hard time connecting with anything I try to connect to it.  I had to cut power to it and re-connect power to get it to reset/work at all.  Super frustrating.  Sending it back for refund
RNTNZU8TTJ13D	5	Five Stars Love It!!
R2603JX3IV13OU	5	Best Portable Charger Works as promised. Amazing charger!
R3AMRY2950IULE	5	Five Stars I love it
R343B51AWCKVV5	5	Five Stars This case is fantastic!
R2B4ZA966I5TY8	5	Five Stars Awesome for women with small arms!
RGS6HGR7DTS69	4	Four Stars nice and small,
R2I9ND38584AKR	1	One Star Okay
RF1GVLO7EBQPD	5	Looks good, feels good, works well I have had this case for a few months now and it still looks quite new.  In general, I am careful with my technology, but this case has survived a couple of falls (and successfully protected my phone).  The case is fairly thin, which I also appreciate since my phone spends most of its time in my pocket.
R19JVSO8S3G8I6	5	Five Stars Great
R1FZEWU2QC103Y	1	very annoying. repeatedly turns on and off.
R31KCXLF64WEEN	5	Five Stars love it
R2F2Q01HV4A18B	5	Great product I have nine grandkids, ranging in ages from 1 to 10 yrs. I have anywhere from 3 to 5 visit for a sleep over at least once a month, plus other visits. I needed something charge all the tablets and phones...this is perfect. I have color-coded USB cables so every one knows who's is whose.
R3RV8YV7QEL8TP	1	my daughter had it 2 days and dropped her phone ... my daughter had it 2 days and dropped her phone. the phone case broke. don't think it was worth the money
R22IAP6FS218OL	4	Dependable Charger Overall, this is a pretty good charger that does the job. If I could recommend an improvement would be to make the cord just a little bit longer.  Similar to other Amazon Basics-branded items I have purchased the components of this set are not the lower-quality replacement charging components we have all purchased at some time in our lives - it appears to be very durable, and I don't think I'm going to break off an end after pulling on the head to take it out of the cigarette adapter in the car.  If you're looking for a good-quality and economical charger for your car I would recommend this one.
RNLI58F2BJ975	2	Phone case was ok, plastic is not very strong ... Phone case was ok, plastic is not very strong. The clip holder assembly was completely worthless, the phone would get stuck inside the holder and not come out. I will not buy this product.
R1ZO1JCCHEZ95D	4	Nice case Received package today. Thank you. Case fits securely and doesn't bulk up the phone.
R3BS9R5VLPPSCL	4	Four Stars great
R2PP1HJJE381NU	1	One Star I was very dissappointed in this product it didn't work the directions couldn't really read it.
R29TQY8JAHN45X	5	Five Stars Great buy and great price. Works just fine, almost no problems what so ever.
R8OT9CSKSIRKY	4	Four Stars I like having the option of changing colors!
R2DS9WCIBCINX5	5	Better than fakes! Works great.  Word to the wise, Amazon is full of &#34;genuine samsung&#34; batteries that are fakes.  Nobody is going to fake an Anker brand battery, so you are much better off with this.  It works at least as well, if not better, than the original battery when it was new.  Fits perfectly too.
R1RUSKP9D98DEC	5	Five Stars Worked great
R3BAVK92GTGITQ	4	I really like the fact it tells you when the battery is ... works well... does get a little weird if I have my phone in my right leg pocket and bluetooth in my left ear... I really like the fact it tells you when the battery is low! I have had some that just went dead without warning..
R3S3K3I54VQ4B7	5	Perfect lightweight cover for 3rd Gen Moto G This case is as good as they come for simple cases.  I don't like bulky, otterbox type cases. This case fits PERFECT, the button covers do not hamper pressing them, and the case doesn't feel cheap at all. It even helps with grip, and keeps the phone slightly flat off the screen when placed face down. Now keep in mind, it's more to protect from scratches and such, not so much dropping. If that's what you're looking for, don't hesitate.  CG
RAWLEFBBQ35FY	5	Very well made Bought this case for my girlfriend so she could have a protective case without the cost of brand name cases. Upon arrival we opened it up and put it on immediately, the two piece design made it super simple to put on. All of the ports, and camera are not blocked in any way. The case also does not make it hard to push buttons, unlike other cases. After dropping her phone several times on hardwood flooring, it's held up very well to the abuse it has taken on. Of course the plastic was a bit slippery out of the box, but easy to get use to. Overall, we would and have recommended this product to our friends.
R3JOO3I0W5NLKG	5	love it So far so good - love the heavy duty nature and old school feel of this cable....  update:  I bought a second one - I love this so much..... retro and cool.
R2S3T2BJC7F6HX	3	Three Stars I love the extra room, but, the strap broke and the zipper is difficult.
R4Q766WFLFBJ6	1	One Star Cables suck. Doesn't charge iPad  air or iPhone 6plus.
R6GVWV9KEKIY5	1	The mesh on the front part where the speaker is ... The mesh on the front part where the speaker is started to fall apart after the first day of using it. I just slowly unraveled day by day. I hoped that after a while it would stop but it never did. The buttons on the side are also impossibly hard. Eventually I returned it for a refund. I think there is a reason Otterbox discontinued this case.
R2V1F1C1N6NUG	5	Five Stars Such a great deal! Awesome quality too.
R3B6IIK207FI1G	5	Very classy! Very classy!
R1OTF2EV8XW8Q	5	Comfortable Adjustable and comfortable. Once in a while it'll pinch my arm when I'm strapping it in. The key doesn't slip out which is great. The phone fits in the case and the opening holes match up for the iPhone ear phones quite well.
R4K3HR287AO3L	5	I really like this product I used this device at extreme conditions (below 0ºC and above 4200m) for about a month and it performed extremely well. I really like this product!
RVJNM51B5NZ00	5	Note 4 fast charging is a go! Did exactly what it said it would. Note 4 charges under &#34;fast charging&#34;. Loved this product. Got it for $8 too with special code.
R912CHDSZVFDI	5	Just perfect. That is what I need Just perfect .  That is what I need .
R8GG16DVQ4FO7	4	I like the holder / mount I like the holder / mount, it is small, flexible and  doesn't take up much space and looks nice over the dashboard of the car. the problem is that I'm afraid that for the long term the sticky gel pad will wear off or collect dust, the other problem is that it can only hold the phone horizontally which means that I have to keep my screen rotation option on which uses more battery on my phone.
R2VWROLY7D37P1	4	Most of the ports are easy to get to except for your mute slider This case is durable without being too bulky. Most of the ports are easy to get to except for your mute slider. It's not too hard for me because I'm a female with small fingers but for a guy or someone with larger hands I could see this being hard to get to.  Otherwise I have zero complaints and really love this case! One of my favorites!  I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review.
R96IX54DFO79K	5	I recommend this product The Apple certified USB cords arrived on time and work very well.  I recommend this product.
R2EYLQS80U24VZ	2	Two Stars Short memory
R12OPCE1E2X7GJ	5	Works good as a protector for the sub Actual JL grilles.  Works good as a protector for the sub, but it dents easily.
R37OS6X704QB8L	4	Great product, but I have only used for 3 ... Great product, but I have only used for 3 days since the first one came defective.  They replaced it right away for me by the way.
R1JQ1TRJN97Y1Y	4	and it still works fine. shipping was fast. My daughter splashed my son with water and it was puddled up on top of the speaker, and it still works fine.
RO3H8ZEEDYERI	5	Great product. I love that there is no adhesive Great product. I love that there is no adhesive. This means I can remove the protector, clean, then re-apply. No screen diffusion at all. The only con I could possibly have would be that it doesn't protect the entire screen (leaves the edges). Other than that, great product.  Side Note: Crazy fast shipping. Like literally ordered it Sat @ 4. Received Sunday @ 12. Crazy fast!! Thanks
R32AAQ767O8ZD6	1	Does NOT fit the samsung prevail It didn't fit the prevail as I bought it for my daughters boost mobile prevail.  She was soooo disappointed.
R3EWTQYM44C64D	5	Really nice This is my second one of this type.  I really like the window feature, although it does scratch easily, I will still purchase another.  Color is great too looks just as good in person.
RNLQLXWM3B1NV	5	Good deal for cables Best cables I have ever seen or used. Both my phone and tablet charge faster.
R1V03BYZ4HFYY1	5	Perfect! Perfect fit and a lot of protection. Exactly what I was looking for!
R29G63NE7QBMNA	2	okay I purchased this in March and now it's 6 months later and it does not charge properly. I have used it 2x as I typically charge my phone in my car. I'm not sure if it was a good device from the seller from the beginning or if it was defective device.
R1SZFK6LM05P17	3	OEM replacement that doesn't work out of the box I ordered 2 of these hoping that my short battery life was just a result of an old battery (it's not, I think it's too many apps that automatically run). When I went to install both of the batteries, I noticed that the bottom base plate was on backwards. If you look at the bottom, you'll notice 2 protrusions, one on the left and one on the right. They aren't the same length though, one is longer than the other. Since there are the 4 contact points on the top where the battery actually connects with the phone, it's very easy to tell which direction the battery should be placed in the phone. But the bottom black base plate that comes on these batteries is attached in the wrong direction.  It's a simple fix, but annoying nevertheless. Since they're just attached with some cheap glue, I pulled them off, reversed them, and pressed it together for a few seconds, hoping the glue would still be useful. The battery then went into the phone with no issues.
R3CGD8JG3HG4KO	5	Five Stars works so well
RLMCO8NEEOCWO	1	Will scratch your iPhone This case Has no way to properly apply it to the phone without scratching it. I could t even use or return it to get my money back. Piece of crap.
RV03UZW96MMKN	5	LOVE being able to charge my phone LOVE being able to charge my phone, find someplace random, and think about himself and his thoughts.  Please keep me informaed; I'll contribute in any way I can.
R20U19JTW2V5G5	5	Five Stars as expected
RK273VBD23XAE	5	Five Stars come on time and performs as promised
RYSHRTFLKDZ60	1	One Star Are not remove easily
R3ATET3C12AA73	1	One Star Was not impressed poor pitcher quality
R2RK71M7S3Z2FS	4	Awesome! Excellent product. Works fantastic! Works fast. The only thing wrong with this power bank is that it does not come with an AC adapter. If it did, I would give this 5 stars.
R3DVHUR0M3SAI8	5	Love this amp Love this amp...thought I damaged  it, ordered another only to find the amp protected itself.  Now I have two.  About to up grade so I can use both
R2CR77PLILDEGR	5	Worked perfect for what we needed Excellent for adding Sirius to our motorcycle! Love, love, love it. Worked perfect for what we needed.
R3PORK08M5N0DS	5	and came super fast! This was exactly what I wanted, fit perfectly on my phone, and came super fast!
RLSZT6XOYBO8U	3	Three Stars Grate
R11JPRSUEY6U0V	5	Five Stars Great
RQN5D96WAQ7JQ	3	Three Stars Button stuck and I had an open microphone when I was talking.
R1DEGN3YP69SRD	3	Like an interference noise work as expected BUT!!! it makes little noises while plugged in. Like an interference noise. It´s very annoying if it is near you when you sleep.
R2CPCGEO3J25YD	2	Two Stars it broker after 2 month
R3A6F1RCP1O474	3	Just ok. Got it for the husband.  He liked it but was not too impressed.
RQGT6GRRX3WP2	5	Highly recommended Love the stylus and the fact that tips are replaceable.  So glad I came across this product and highly recommend it.
R10K2LYVG3EN1Z	4	Overpriced 10 cent piece of plastic. It does a good job but scratches easily. Really the military film shields are the way to go.
R1GKTD667BZ8ZO	1	Fake warranty! Mediocre product The product I Thought at first was petty good. It started with me getting a chip on the corner of the glass. I figured, I paid a premium for this just in case this happened.... Right?.... WRONG!. Contacted them via email. Was told to go through their website. Long story short, my Amazon order number was not recognized. Emailed again, was referred back to the website.... Same thing. Emailed again.... Nothing. 2 weeks later, still nothing. I contacted Amazon about this issue. Amazon gave me a full refund.... They stated they cannot make a merchant honor their warranties. If your outside of 30 days and your wanting your &#34;lifetime warranty&#34;. Good luck! 6% seem to get the same treatment. This should be illegal. Can't claim something to get the money, then totally ignore what YOU promised. Thank God for Amazon, otherwise I would have just been held up for 15 bucks! Plus the iAnder one works for privacy way better at shorter angles and a lot darker without having to darken the brightness on your screen.
R1B0AIT2UBRVQD	1	One Star Didn't work out the box. Why take the chance?
RMWF1Z07PV7N0	4	Four Stars Its nice but too big
R19WY6V16H4HGA	2	Corners come apart Great small size. Good feel, a little slick, but enough grip. However, the &#34;leather&#34; starts peeling away from the corners after just 1 week of normal use (in & out of pocket)
R2DF47N9BY844N	5	Fabulous Case for the Edge+ phone!!! I originally purchased a different case for my new Galaxy S6 Edge+ but was not at all happy with it, and subsequently returned it.  Looked at this case and decided to give this a try. The case arrived in 2 days. Putting this case on the Edge+ phone is a bit tricky, due to it's snug fit...Especially with a Zagg screen protector on however, once I got the case on, it fit like a glove.  It's exactly what I was looking for with this phone. It feels great in my hand, and the case doesn't interfere with the functionality of the Edge screen.  The rubberized texture gives just enough grip to give you a feeling of security that it won't slip out of your hands.  I purchased the red case. This case looks stunning, and really contributes to the overall appearance of this great looking phone. Fantastic case, highly recommended!
RPQIL8HWF0GNZ	4	Excellent Customer Support Within five months I was unable to charge the device because the charging port no longer works.  Update 23/09/15   So as of today, i've decided to change my initial review of this product from 2 stars to 4. This is owing to the stellar customer support & service i received from the guys at Anker. They did not hesitate to ship me out a replacement almost instantly and constantly kept in touch to ensure everything was working perfect with the product. I figured that a defective one somehow got away in the bunch, (given that all my other anker devices worked perfect) but they completely made up for it eventually. Gr8 Job!
R3UPUNTOFSM7BR	4	Springs are great...until they aren't. Love the solid connection these make, stays solid in the phone. The issue I have had is that on the long cable the springs failed and now the cord doesn't stay in the phone well at all. The other 4 have not had that failure yet. Owned for about 1 month prior to failure.
RHWSQIDIAEWPG	5	Five Stars Works great and provides great protection!
R23S8MMUFJAF49	4	Four Stars these work great and have great sound.
ROUIP7605NPHT	1	Like about two to three months late This came in waaaaaaaay too late. Like about two to three months late, when it said something like a week to two weeks. It wasn't even worth the purchase, either.
RLKRCQS5JN799	3	Good for the price Pros:  Charges Quickly Holds Charge quite a while Sounds Great  Cons:  Must have a strong Bluetooth Signal otherwise sound is quite choppy Have to be in close proximity of the Bluetooth,
R3O2FLG4MT5ID1	5	this is a good product you should buy this product is awesome this is a good product you should buy this product is awesome. it arrive early . i give 5 stars ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
RJNGXFFPG7EUT	5	Five Stars good material
R1Y169GFEMCHIV	5	Fast Shipping / Good battery, very useful - Recommend it. Fast Shipping / Good battery, very useful - Recommend it.
RTH80HOESRPBY	2	Two Stars Broke down within a few weeks of use. The product needs to be sturdier under everyday normal usage.
R3VZBPIDYLRYXZ	2	Cheap product Don't buy! This worked well for a couple weeks, and now when I plug my phone in to charge, it won't charge. It says something like this accessory isn't supported. I'm so frustrated, and it's too late to return it now.
R2K3ODG1YYE2H6	1	One Star Wayyyyyy to expensive for a piece of plastic, rip off, found one for $1.50 at rc711. com.
R2EO6BJUKO1VDV	2	smh This product was ok at the beginning but I love changing cases but out of no where the back screen protector started cracking easily so I don't recommend it for ppl who drop there phones constantly because this product will NOT protect it it is cheese and doesn't last long
R2M53G6RB48E5B	5	Good buy for a charger I think it's been a month already and this USB cable is still intact and working well. Seems like it's a really good quality charger.
R190GWRKNOGY89	3	cute charger It's super cute, but kinda big and heavy to take it everywhere. It charges my phone one full charge, I don't know how many charges it is supposed to complete. I gave it 3 stars because is cute :)
R3BNIB6YBT0R4Q	5	Highly recommended. Very durable! Highly recommended.
R9J2Z7UIE98SG	3	It protects pretty well, the top and bottom are still exposed ... It protects pretty well, the top and bottom are still exposed but the sides are enclosed.  The soft feel is great and makes the phone easier to keep in your hand, but it's also a problem with the light colored ones.  The first time I put it in my purse it picked up dark soil, and no amount of scrubbing would remove it.  That won't be a problem for a black one, but my pink one immediately became very dingy looking.
R3MTBNXL2V5G6O	1	One Star This case blocked my phone from signal
R3DB0HKDB69G94	4	I guess that's a good thing It's just really hard to take off if I need too. I guess that's a good thing lol
R12LBDE3U5AXP0	5	Very happy with our portable power pack Very happy with our portable power pack.  My husband has a classic car which he drives to different car shows so the power pack comes in handy when traveling.  I like that it lets us know when it is running low on charge also.
R3OPM4AQLX37	5	Stylish and strong Now I don't come across a lot of cases for the LG G4 phone but when I do I test them. This is a nicely made case and looks great on the phone. The case is actually 3 pieces, a top and middle layer and a hard plastic bottom layer. I feel that when you have multiple layers it actually provides more protection as they are able to absorb more of the shock. They also usually break apart but if nicely made like this case the pieces snap back together leaving your phone safe and the case easily put back together. I love cases that have a kickstand, after all these phones are becoming more and more for the younger age groups and they use phones to watch videos and play games. So if you are constantly dropping your phone or just want to play it safe make sure to pick this case from Joto up, for the price you can't go wrong.  I did receive this phone cases from Joto at a discounted rate in exchange for my unbiased review.
R2KVQ3PR7P9RIA	4	Sturdy case with user-specific cons Overall, I really like this case, it completely covers the phone. Although I have not dropped my phone, I am quite confident this case would do its job. The holster provides a tight, secure fit. The &#34;cons&#34; I have are less about the quality of the case, and more about user preferences. For me, the main downside is that this case does add width to the phone. If you have smaller hands, be aware that using the phone with this case often becomes a two-handed affair. The volume and power buttons are flush with the case, making them hard to find by feel alone. I've had this case for about a week and still struggle to find these buttons.  As the pictures show, this case covers the charging and headphone ports. Since I use the charging port more than I use the headphone port, I do wonder how long that cover will last. After charging the phone, the port cover takes some time to return to the &#34;covered&#34; position (the port covers do not snap back into place, but the eventually return to a covered position).  In short, this case will certainly protect your S6 and the included holster feels of solid quality. The cons I've mentioned might be user-specific, but thought they were worth pointing out. I thought about returning the case but I have not yet found something that is: thin, has a builtin screen cover, and a holster (only used-sporadically).
R1DXNOH8H1QNAG	5	This case is VERY elegant looking. The second day I had it on, I already got compliments about it. People didn't know what kind of Applewatch I had, because it was rose gold. It is a nice rose gold, stays on really tight. It's still flexible so you can press both of the side buttons easily, but I do not fear it coming off of my watch.
R3H7OAZE24PNDI	1	One Star Not sticking properly to the mobile on cleaned mobile surface.
R1OTOZVO3207X7	5	I love this product I love this product!  I had the 1st version and passed it down to my wife.  Yes, the batteries last for a year!  For the new version, the addition of the back light, timer and strap lock make this the best fitness band on the market today.  For the price and features, I would recommend this over any other fitness band.
R3CH5ZAYNDKVBX	5	Worth every penny, great low cost high featured phone! This phone has lasted me for over a year and has maintained it's speed and responsiveness.  It even got the lollipop upgrade after which everything worked perfect.  The battery life is fantastic and hasn't gone down much over my year of ownership.  Iv'e dropped it a number of times and it only got a couple minor scrapes and scratches.  The screen is still perfect and great for reading articles and responding to emails.
R3AKDZ1R7ABGBT	2	Great customer service, i will gladly purchase something from them in the future. Within 2 hours of m review of the product, The retailer has contacted me (Via Text, phone, and email) to offer a return. Mind you, i ordered the product on march 27th and it is currently August 30th. I am amazed at this service. Sure i may not be happy with the product, but i am amazed by the dedication of the team behind this product.  Here is my new more in depth review. Audio: This device lacks in terms of audio quality. The headphones seem to focus more on highs and mids (which i prefer), but even then, the sound is distorted, as if listening to a small speaker which has been place in a cup. Comfort: I understand that comfort can be subjective when dealing with in-ear equipment, but i find these to be incredibly uncomfortable. I have tried using different sized rubber on these things, but i can't seem to wear them for more than 15 minutes before i begin to have a headache. I believe this is due to the added weight of the earbuds (the battery and electronics are stored within the buds themselves, making them heavier than your average earbuds). Form factor: The headset seems to stick out a little bit giving the weight a little more leverage to pull them out. This could be fixed by shortening the length of the earpiece by a few fractions of a centimeter or moving the center of gravity closer to the ear. Battery life: I found that this device has amazing battery life for the size of the product, and it seems to hold a charge in standby mode. I haven't used this device for over two months, yet i was able to turn it on. Cable length: Cable length is just about right, not too little where they can't hang comfortably, but not so much that they get caught on everything while being used. Buttons: The volume buttons are placed perfectly. they are very easy to reach, and give a satisfying click when pressed.  All in all, the GS-08's underperformed where it counted for me. I have since moved on to a pair of LG tones which i have found to be much more comfortable. Even though i may not like/use the GLYCON GS-08's, i would gladly purchase another product from them.gh i may not like/use the GLYCON GS-08's, i would gladly purchase another product from them.
R9KBOMI1LIC66	2	cute case but color isn't quite as expected Color had more yellow undertones than the blues/teals pictured
R3K69R37DB99	5	Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for. Prompt delivery and service. Intend to buy another for back up.
R1XOL68VIB0MD4	1	Worked for 1 hour It worked for about an hour with my galaxy s5 and then it just stopped working, and has not worked since.
R67PXQJK7TD2X	3	rendering the device useless. Piss poor product Mine broke within a minute of removing it from the box. I put my note 4 in, but when I tried to take it out the cell phone holster seemed stretched to its maximum limits. I popped my phone out only to see the springs were stretched out completely, rendering the device useless. Piss poor product.   Update: the company was diligent about contacting me and insisted on giving me a new product or a refund. I took the refund, but they demonstrated that they truly care about their customers.
R3K4W2ZEKABSWP	5	Not much variety in color shipped, but at least they work Great bundle of cords to color code where and how they are used.  All of the cords I have tried so far work.  My biggest disappointment was that unlike the variety of colors shown in the picture, I received five yellow, three pink and two blue.  Not much variety.
R21MCRT5HUP7OR	5	For a quick burst of power for my phone it's ... For a quick burst of power for my phone it's hard to beat the price. It won't fully charge my phone but 45% will do in an emergency.
R2CGQ35LW6I14U	3	doesn't look much like leather. doesn't  look much like leather...
R20RDHWS63SAF2	5	HAPPY Hea, this item is great, durable, and fits perfect , Never expected this great of item at such a low price
RSDKNISZFEXYK	2	Where's the Mute Function? Where's the mute button?  Why does it seem that these Bluetooth headsets are getting more expensive, yet loose features, and feel cheaper?
RNZY7WB6MCHMU	1	It doesn't work unless you really push hard on the screen I got this stylus and returned it on the same day. It doesn't work unless you really push it on your screen. I tried it on iPad 4, iPhone 5 & 5S, and iPod 4. Every time the same result. You have to push it very hard on the screen in order for the stylus to be active. Otherwise, it doesn't work. I don't recommend it.
R1IZ4V20XGGQC6	5	This case is a great value for the money This case is a great value for the money. It is very comfortable to hold The buttons fit very well. Overall extremely well-made and a nice addition for your iPhone.
RRW9A02TZ1KEJ	5	Absolutely love this case exactly what I wanted and needed Absolutely love this case exactly what I wanted and needed. The leather is perfect and I'm grateful for amazon's existence very cheap it would of cost a lot more in a store.
R6NA0CQ02HKNE	4	Four Stars Cute
R2QO15TNOTW3A9	5	Five Stars Love the charger, works as described
R1LFVBXXHW42KX	5	Good item Fast shipping .. Good item
R3LS61BXVBZ19H	5	Great case Love the looks and perfect fit.
R1YV37ALVF81Z6	5	It works! Works as promised.
R3FFV1Y6A9VW8O	5	Five Stars super
R1BJEF05YUNVH3	3	Three Stars so far it's ok
R2RRV048MAVRQZ	5	it is good quality and I am very satisfied It arrived sooner than expected, it is good quality and I am very satisfied. Would order from them again.
R3SY5TNRAQP1ZO	1	One Star doesn't really fits the screens I have, knowing that description said it does !!!
R2PVS371E4ZX64	5	Keepin it 100 The case is koo love it, only problem (on my part) ordered the case for the wrong LG phone lol
R3UEGG11RS3LSY	5	Nice! This is a very nice charger for your phone and other tech toys. It isn't too large, and does a good job of recharging your phone. It can also be charged by using the port on your laptop. Extra security for traveling or at the university is always nice. These chargers are great!
R1F5FDHDGBE0BZ	1	This phone is absolutely terrible! It states that it is designed for use ... This phone is absolutely terrible! It states that it is designed for use with AT&T...  Okay, well first off, it is set for using up to 2 SIM cards, but the IEMI numbers do not match watch actually comes through in their system (they chronically think that it's a NOKIA). Second, straight from the factor the internal settings (VPN, APN, etc.) are entirely incorrect, even after cycling through two different SIM cards from AT&T. The phone never achieved 4G status (see above) and AT&T could never track down a troubleshooting/diagnostics guide from the manufacturer - NOT SUPPORTED.  Do NOT purchase this phone. The package insert is useless and there is no user's manual that covers any details other than how to screw the battery plate into place, how to insert a SIM card, and how to plug in your charging cord.  By the way - the charging cord tip (the metal adaptor piece that inserts into your phone) is a custom job - it's longer (deeper) than any that you'll find in any store. This means that you cannot buy one anywhere for replacement. I had to buy one while on the road and was stuck using my pocket knife to whittle away some of the plastic so that it might reach in deep enough.  Do NOT purchase this phone!
R2JT4BOSMITBM8	2	and it makes noise like griding the talk button stick.....and it makes noise like griding sound
R3TXGAVHUUPDOB	3	But like I said Cute, cheap case. Had it on my phone for about 1-2 months. The paint on the sides of the phone started to wear off after that. But like I said, was cheap. Would buy again.
R32AZDUJA4BGTV	5	I love this case I love this case!  High quality materials, very slim, looks great!  As good, if not better than Otterbox Symmetry.  If you can't guess by now, I highly recommend this case.
R3ASA9IJ6GCZW6	3	Not for my brother - hard to get out of pocket Bought this for my brother who has a new LG android - while it looks fine, he didn't like it - I suspect that it was just not handy - not being able to get it out of his pocket quick enough.  He has opted for the slim plastic edged type.
R3D3B25Q54DYB2	5	Great Case!! Great case! It is sturdy, yet very lightweight and thin. This case also comes in blue and red. Just wish i-Blason would come out with more girly colors, like a hot pink or violet.
R2UB7ALOYOIPK	2	Overly priced phone case The case is great, however, the shipping was way overpriced! I paid triple for shipping-more than the product itself...disappointing! Will not order again for the amount I ended up paying!
R1VUBRCD1W7A66	4	Good armband.  Good price. Works as intended.
RKWX1HA3JL41F	5	I am able to charge my phone with a full ... I am able to charge my phone with a full charge on the Anker. This is a handy piece to have around.
R19JJ4UQBZ0CVI	5	I am very pleased with the Case I am very pleased with the Case. Its a quality construction and fits is a perfect fit on the phone, down to all buttons and plug-ins. Swivel and snap-ins on the belt clip holder appear durable. A very rugged yet professional look in full black. Again I am very happy.
RYU33XCIBS4XU	5	Love this case Love this case! Perfect color and great quality for the price. I also like that it protects my screen and doesn't get stretched out!
R1JKWH71MIYDGA	5	Five Stars Wonderful case!
R1FTBR0P5K33CT	4	Fits vents, works. Fits on the vent of a 2003 nissan frontier fairly well. The best out of three that I had tried. Holds Droid Mini well although tends to depress the volume down button. I use this in other cars when needed, and it always fits in the vents.
R2LRNQ8VWLQOZQ	4	Phone case, more suited for girls...read Decent case, very cheap.  Only downside is that the picture is misleading.  Lots of people poke fun at me because of it.  I don't care because I have a good come back and am usually clowning around anyhow.  The pic doesn't show that it has little nodes all over it.  The nodes keep the phone from touching the case.  When I say nodes...I'm talking LOTS of them and they are very apparent.  Usually someone tells me I have a girl phone case and I just tell them they are just jealous their phone case doesn't have nipples all over it.  Please see the pic.
R19XGO9I8BAG20	5	Great protection for tablet Great product to put on the tablet to ensure it is protected and also has a nice stand on it so it can be propped up.
R3J01ZOL3P5SNB	5	Nice case Its a great fit and it looks really nice!
R1O72HNXDPHXFO	5	Five Stars Phone was in great condition. have not found any marks on it. Great purchase. I would purchase again.
R19VWGNQVFOO4N	5	Works for me It hasn't passed the longevity test yet, but it works exactly as expected. I was able to power a counter-top oven with it (over 1200 watts) without issue. Well, other than the poor small car battery that was powering it started to dip in voltage after 20-30 seconds. When powering a 150 watt fan, I noticed the fan motor was louder with this than a standard AC outlet, which, I suppose is a product of the modified sine wave.  EDIT (Sept 2016):  Still 5 stars! I've been able to power a fog machine (over 1000 watts) as well as an industrial cotton candy machine, which got very close to 1500 watts! This inverter never hesitated. Granted, the SUV battery powering it eventually cried uncle after 20-30 minutes (with idling). Keep in mind car alternators can't generate more than 400-600 watts worth of power at idle, so either use this with a larger battery bank, or for only short periods of time.
R1RHCCRGWO32H9	4	Galaxy Note 5 screen protector This screen protector is very durable and easy to hold while placing on the screen. It is the exact size of the Samsung Note 5 screen from left/right edges so it takes a little long to fit it so it is covering the screen perfectly. This is a good thing because it gives room for your phone case. If there are any bubbles they are quickly removed when you use the provided cloth to smooth it out. Also, any particles that stick to the screen can be removed with the dust remover strips. If you take your time and make sure fans are not on, then installation won't be too hard. The screen may be thick but it does not take away from the quality of the screen. The stylis works just fine. It's not as smooth as it is on the phone's screen but there is no lag or issues while writing on the screen. All this said, I would recomend this product.
R134QEWJ8G06A5	5	Five Stars Thank you for your dealings and goods Good
R2CNLJYZ1ESE3Q	5	Five Stars All four wires are working
R3RGKN961NK0V6	5	Fantastic charger! Charges an IPhone 6 Plus wirelessly.  Easy to install into the Phone, I have mine on the outside of my case!  Does take slightly longer to charge than being plugged in.
R2AIBIV2QG8KKU	5	Five Stars Love it
R1AOAGC3YSDFR4	4	Four Stars Good product and on time delivery
RXE7L3Q5PMVUL	5	Five Stars Great case and price.  Arrived quickly.
R1P54JP01PAI7F	5	Excellent product Works perfectly! The AC power means I can run all 4 of my portable USB hard drives without a problem.
RC2KG84X46TB1	5	Five Stars Fits great! feels nice and looks good! great buy for the price! Highly recommended!
R2YSTQOVP9CBY7	5	galaxy note 5 case I originally bought an otter box case for my new phone at best buy,  but was disappointed by the bulky design.  Saw this one online for about a fourth of the price & I absolutely love it!  Nice rubber grip, sharp looking and kickstand is great! Plastic corners offer protection from drops. Thanks!
R2B5PJPCAA8IAY	5	Five Stars aaa
R1RWE5CVQ1OE44	2	Cosmetically and functionally sound but does not protect in a dropped phone situation ORIGINAL REVIEW: Great case- low profile and attractive, seems quality so far (I've had it for a month)  UPDATE: I dropped my phone onto the driveway and the screen was badly shattered, requiring an expensive repair. The repair shop told me that this case really does not protect the phone against damage when dropped. I would no longer recommend.
R1KDWE0XBQ8FQ	3	Three Stars Fast but not 4g.
RZ3BBNRS13UA0	5	Really Good Love this case.  I like it because it helps by protecting the iPhone while also showing off it's cool look.  It also gives a little bit more of a grip so you can hold onto the phone better.  Not too much of a grip but just enough.  Definitely recommend it.  In fact I bought the same case for my work smart phone as well.
RYR3J94Z8T7CP	4	Four Stars Fits perfectly and looks great. Only issue I have is the kickstand is hard to open.
R3NO2G6XL2O1XW	5	Great case I loved this case! Made the phone easier to hold and was just very pretty.
R33JHM6818GP9C	5	Five Stars Offers good protection. Not waterproof but very sturdy and long-lasting.
RR8EDFXDXHPJV	5	Five Stars better picture then OEM cameras in friends high end car
RPTK0YAU9B4QF	4	Love this cover super cute Love this cover super cute.. Only four stars because it's so bulky any fit it in my back pocket because of all the decorations. It is very pretty and they give you extra rhinestones!!
R1JTM8UPTEMN80	2	the fit is excellent. The front cover with the see-thru panel is ... Obviously being Samsung original equipment, the fit is excellent. The front cover with the see-thru panel is nice. But that's where the good things end. Although this is an obvious flaw, you obviously can't take pictures or video by just flipping the front cover all the way around since there is no hole for the lens to protrude through. So the front cover just kind of swings awkwardly while you film. Second, it's Fingerprint City. I think most can tolerate this on the back, but with this cover, even the front panel gets covered with them in a matter of minutes. Kind of unsightly. But by far the most horrific problem is the fact that there is no latch magnetic or otherwise that keeps the front cover closed in place. Not only is this awkward and irritating when you are handling it, were it to fall, the cover would simply fly open on the way down, so it really provides very little protection other than maybe from getting scratched in your pocket. Cool concept, terrible execution. It's being returned immediately.
R1PSVIBFRX43LJ	1	Doesn't fit on a LG G4 The protector is bigger and the corners have a different shape than the phone. This causes the screen never to adhere right. And because it is actually glass, you can't cut it.  I got the usual seller email with &#34;we want you to be 100% satisfied, contact us if you have any issue&#34;, so I wrote then and explained the problem. Their answer was in line with &#34;pics or didn't happen&#34; because it seems that I'm too stupid to write a good explanation or a thief that lies to get $7 back...  Just don't buy this...
R1DR9O5WC2CGKC	5	Good job on the design. This case has given me a nice sense of security. Adds minimal girth the the thin designed iPhone. But still gives the rugged protection to people who genuinely are careful as it is, but need that little peace of mind. The material used gives me that little bit of grip my dry hands needed. The socket covers for the headphones and charge port are awesome. Firm with a little something to plug the holes. I have I tempered glass screen guard on the phone already, but no need to remove. Touch works perfectly.
R3N6YI17YT42LO	5	Five Stars Love it !!
RVVD7ASYH4S7L	5	Five Stars Worked great at the Electric Forest Festival, came in very handy.
RQ0TVUGDAHH82	5	Five Stars Case fit phone perfectly clips onto pants nicely
R1E4QK931MLCVM	4	Good but has some flaws After only a couple weeks after I purchased this phone, blue dots appeared on the camera, and I have no way of contacting the seller about it
R2AB1VOW17X589	3	ITS A TEMPORARY WRISTBAND BAD DURABILITY. WILL BREAK BEFORE 6 MONTHS, GUARANTEED.
R84GH3HV5AE7J	3	Quality so-s- Started falling apart after 2 weeks, so had to glue it together.
R2V8MVE6NDRLO7	5	Five Stars Works Great
R3B0UJDXMA3S3B	4	Great case Great case,very durable and the belt clip is a great feature..... Built in screen protector is good, could be better.....well worth the money
R6RSTEJ5CJJOC	5	Five Stars Very well made - very happy with t his product!
R2HUWFIP723IC0	4	Four Stars EXCELENTE
R2C5KJ1342ZCLY	5	Great case for phone/wallet combo! Purchased this case based upon a recommendation from a fellow realtor.  It makes life very handy to have everything at a touch of hand.  At first, talking on the phone was a bit awkward, it felt like I had my wallet on my ear - but soon I figured out the best was to wrap the strap around it so it wasn't dangling.  I get lots of compliments on it too!
RO8CBXP426BS	5	Five Stars Prefect size and great. Received on time
R37YP757MZQNB0	3	Bought two of 5-packs 3 months ago. 8 out ... Bought two of 5-packs 3 months ago. 8 out of 10 cables quit working after 2-3 weeks of use. The remaining 2 will likely break soon too. Returned both sets. Unhappy.  Upate 9/7/15: The company has reached out to me that they have located a defective batch of cables and are sending me an upgraded replacement at no charge.
R23KALTXBPSA40	3	Three Stars X7 can only charge my iPhone 5 four times without a new charge
RUU8G0E8GS8G1	4	... the second of these cases I've ordered and it's perfect for my needs This is the second of these cases I've ordered and it's perfect for my needs. The first one was for a Samsung Galaxy S3. I had it for 3 years and it performed just as I wanted. The phone and the new Note 5 that I just got, are very slippery and sometimes hard to pick up. I didn't want a bulky case. This case has grips on the edges that allow the Note to be picked up easily. The rest of the case keeps the phone from being so smooth and sliding off, or out of things, while protecting it. The first one I had, held up well, still flexible and didn't get all scratched up. I expect this one will as well. The only reason for not giving it 5 stars is that it took a whole week to get it. I think I paid more than priority mail costs, for shipping and would have expected to get it a little sooner than I did. I was so afraid for the Note, until I got the case. Well worth the price.  Oh, and I love the color!
R28LKCBWST8G0Z	5	Excellent Excellent product excellent delivery
R5FF0NX2Y54E2	5	Five Stars Great product
R28KHB7K65LJL3	5	Works well with Straight Talk A really good Unlocked smart phone at a good price, I use un-limited Talk, Message and Data using Straight Talk's $45 a month card.
RCB098SAK1BQD	4	Safe travels This is a very convenient way to hold your phone and get to where you need to go safely!
RNNSO4355VCBD	5	Thanks! Phone works great now! My old USB plug in overheated and warped plug in. Phone wouldn't even turn on. I thought my whole phone was dead since it wouldn't turn on. Installed this and was able to charge phone again and phone works great now! I also have no mic issues like some had. Install was fairly easy too. Thanks!
R1X3W3P0EOC59B	3	Three Stars it is what it is, buy it!
R12ISU129FR7JP	5	It works. Good, simple TPU case.  Fits well.
R15OZBII59R8R9	1	Not a Good Case!! I am not one to write bad reviews. Actually, I don't know if I have ever given 1 star, but this one needs it. I have had my S6 now for a total of 3 days now. It was placed in this case immediately, but this morning I dropped it from about 2-3 feet up onto the tile and my S6 has suffered a small crack and even worse, a blacked out screen. Now it unusable, not covered by warranty, and I will have to pay a hefty amount to use the insurance. This case is not as durable as stated. Shock absorption should have been way better. I would attach pictures, but I don't have a back up phone.
R2WOCL6NTSBO89	5	Five Stars Terrific!
RB7WXCQNFAKZ3	1	The case is good but the outer plastic layer sucks after on drop ... The case is good but the outer plastic layer sucks after on drop the plastic broke from where the volume buttons are. Otherwise it's ok.
R31JBMAVCP0DXY	2	Two Stars Piece of junk. Should have spent a bit more for a longer lasting, higher quality bluetooth kit.
R17ZV1ELSHZGJI	3	Three Stars it smudges
R2BZTXLWECA9DN	5	Five Stars really protects your phone and comfortable
R1XT5ZCP333PKO	5	Five Stars Worked perfectly.
R1PFL3RJAGX2MG	4	Four Stars Love how I can show the color of my phone and originality with this case simple and pretty.
R11VBT5NI4TI9J	5	Also some of my friends recommended to buy from here First of all i can say this product is really worth for the price . I saw people using selfie stick nowadays and i decided to buy one for me and searched here , Also some of my friends recommended to buy from here , Then i ordered selfie stick and really surprised to see the perfomence , I was really sick taking selfie with hand , Now this stick saved my time , Two features which i like is it must be foldable and easy to carry and the other thing its bluetooth portable and with a button to take selfie easily ,To be honest this product is 100 % worth of the price and also 100 % recommended from my side .
RO6F71T0MP3KQ	5	Five Stars nice product.
R3LN1DTICZNIT4	2	Two Stars used it for 3 days and protective layer started to come off and wires are starting to fray
RDFH6F76QKH6S	1	but it looks like the Android app is a joke This is a neat little thing, but it looks like the Android app is a joke. All of the features boasted about on the Misfit site are not available.  There is no smart alarm available on the Android app.  It's 2015. Android is the DOMINANT mobile operating system in the world. Apple is a distant second. It's long past time that it's ok or even tolerable to have an Android app that is not always as fully featured as the Android app.  Overall this is a cool device. I wanted a sleep tracker and smart alarm. I didn't care about much else. It seems to work. I'd keep it if the smart alarm worked. Sadly, it doesn't.
R3RKT2GIQFHRY1	5	More than worth the price. Can't beat for the price. Installed in my 2012 Kia Soul. Install went easy. Display is very clear, though small, but DVD's are very watchable. . Radio sensitivity not as good as stock radio, but still good. Once I figured the sequence, steering wheel controls installed. No extra adapter needed.
R2NIZWYS1LG4X7	5	and I like it very much I got the case fairly quickly, and I like it very much. In some other cases that I have ordered the colors are much less bright in person, but my case is perfect! It's rubber, not a hard case, which I prefer as it offers more protection for the phone. I've only had it for a week or so but I am very happy.
R1KDSO426CF0EV	5	Five Stars provides all around protection to iPhone 6 and a great price.
R2T5HO16U5VPP9	5	... this case for my grandmas phone and she really liked it! I got this case for my grandmas phone and she really liked it!
R12RL6Y1OX89GE	5	Five Stars These batteries literally saved my phone from ever dying and now I take them both everywhere I go
RH2MIA3AEHIOH	1	I followed instructions unfortunately the fil didn'd adhere to the ... I followed instructions unfortunately the fil didn'd adhere to the screen as it was supposed to. I tried twice to no avail.  I will never use this seller because the product is substandard and is not worth the price paid.
R1IL6AGUX17HZC	5	Five Stars Very cute design, fits the phone well.
RVVHCJO1ORSHR	5	Five Stars Excellent service & really worth the money.  This gadget delivered everything it promised
R1USSM0XJXH5O3	4	Solid backup charger- works great for Galaxy 6 This is a great little charger to have around when you're not near an outlet or in your car, where most of us have portable chargers ready to go. The housing is solid- it doesn't feel flimsy at all and has a nice weight to it. It's fairly compact, just about 4-5 inches high and 2 across. I was able to fully charge my Samsung Galaxy 6 from 15% in about 2 hours, which is great. I found that I cannot use it to charge my iPad, but I can't imagine what emergency I'd have where I needed to do that, so it's not a big deal.  I'm not sure yet how long the pack itself will stay charged- that is something I plan to keep an eye on, and will update my review if I feel it requires charging too frequently. The only small drawback I truly have with this charger is that the sticky square mount on the back, meant to hold the charger in it's packing, was difficult to remove. It had nothing to do with the functionality of the charger itself, but it was annoying to deal with. Other than that, so far I'm very pleased.  I did receive this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
RO7UALK23C3M5	4	Chargers space Everything is almost perfect except space of charging point. When I use car charger, case needs to take off. It's not perfect for car charger.
R29HW3FKVHIZP	1	The team arrived in Venezuela with all its accessories, ... The team arrived in Venezuela with all its accessories, but does not start and unfortunately there is no way to fix it.
RVW6LLHIJDK09	4	Good value Nice product at a nice price.
R3QNRS7HCE8OI3	1	the image is awesome but there is NO protection at all Incredibly thin and cheap feeling, the image is awesome but there is NO protection at all. Also let the package air out a few days, the fumes coming off these has got to be toxic.
R3QXUVWD6OWQYG	5	Five Stars Love it although because of the band people think I have an apple watch
R67YSKILU5EVC	5	easy fast shipping , easy install
R88DK6UVEO6PV	5	UPDATE: The speakers are awesome. I can't say much because they're not installed in my car. nonetheless, they look really great and I've tested them using my home theater system. they sound great and I think I'll buy another subwoofer from them soon. the one thing that kind of disappointed me was that it did not come with speaker wires or wire clips. what you see is what you get. 9/10. would highly recommend for budget and decent sound quality.  UPDATE: The speakers work beautifully in my 2012 VW GTI. I'm very impressed by the sound and quality of these subs. I also bought a pair of spacers to tag onto the speakers.
R1K97ZJDW4V09B	1	OUCH! It fell apart, within a week. Lack of proper gluing. I am wondering if it was a &#34;knock-off&#34;, and not OME?
R4OX3J9EQ88L8	5	and windows tablet and they works fine. I currently use it mostly on windows tablet I tried this device on macbook pro, nexus 7, and windows tablet and they works fine. I currently use it mostly on windows tablet. While on macbook pro, keyword works fine and the mouse pad seems a bit sluggish. I didn't try to adjust setting since my purpose was to try it out only. Other than that, this product works pretty good. One click or button to wake up the device. Once first recognized by computer, following connections are easy. Fist connect to windows device seems a bit harder but it can be windows issue because similar problem happened to other Bluetooth devices as well.
R2W867R6DDQBPR	1	DONT BUY IF YOU USE FRONT CAMERA front camera DOES NOT work. really really annoying considering i waited 2 weeks for it and i use my front camera more than anything. paid $75 for a malfunctioning screen i don't recommend. my boyfriend replaced the screen and it took multiple time of unhooking the connectors and reattaching them for them to finally work and for the lines to go away on the screen.
R1IP7QWPG0KGE4	5	He says it is working great for him Ordered this for my son (16yo); he has had it now for several weeks.  Strong construction and durable to offer the protection a 16yo needs for a phone.  He says it is working great for him.
R1H2OA4AKOW67K	5	Take selfies anywhere This mini selfie stick is a great idea. I’ve seen a lot of selfie sticks and been able to test out a lot of them, but this one is just a great concept. First of all, it takes the selfie stick to a new level by making it smaller. Most selfie sticks are already compact, but this one can fold up until it’s just a bit larger than your mobile smart phone. Second, when it’s fully extended (it has a telescoping arm) it feels sturdier than some of the full sized selfie sticks. This particular mini selfie stick comes equipped with a corded remote. I rather prefer this kind to the Bluetooth connection because I feel like it’s more reliable. My iPhone 6 fit well in the phone clamp and I was never concerned about its security.  &#34;This product was received at a free or discounted price in exchange for my review. I am a technology journalist and pride myself on providing fair and honest reviews. Please feel free to ask any questions you might have.&#34;
R3MRV3HR2PK4EF	5	The BUDDIBOX case is sturdy and not bulky like the Otterbox The BUDDIBOX case is sturdy and not bulky like the Otterbox.  Easy to add case to the phone for a snug fit.  Using the phone with case is comfortable and the buttons are raised offering much comfort. Accessing the charging ports and headphone jack is easy with the openings on the BUDDIBOX. The red color is bright enough to see when you lose your phone in your purse or on a messy desk.  I would recommend and/or purchase for a friend or myself again.
RR0OVPHR9V0X2	5	Five Stars Awesome!
R1XH3SV6VC1S4S	1	One Star Does not have a kickstand like advertised
R38YO8Q64LP6OD	1	... not connect to my iPhone and also was very poor quality. I would not recommend purchasing this item This device did not connect to my iPhone and also was very poor quality. I would not recommend purchasing this item.
R29FJWGW382DBS	4	Good quality product, slight flaw Good quality, works well.  I would have given 5 stars except it does not work if you have a case on your iPhone.  Small inconvenience for the savings vs buying a genuine Apple product.  Tip is slightly larger than necessary thus you can't plug into phone portal with case on phone.
R2SX2U5G2UPKW1	5	very enjoy to use it The U-shape selfie stick is compact, folds beautifully, and has a nice design. Connection was flawless. This guy will fit in a guy's jeans, your backpack, or purse. Say goodbye to an obnoxiously bulky selfie stick.
R2MQLFSVWG2CKS	5	Five Stars Give quick fair review and you can get best deal. happy happy.
R3TOYMFX00MNBA	1	One Star Impossible to apply
R1JBNV04SF1S8W	5	Five Stars Just fits my phone great and cheaper than the Verizon store wants you to pay for the same thing.
R2VQP3FAZZXVR0	5	Love it! Love it!! Most of these cases make it hard for me to hear and take awful pics!  Not with this one!
RN04L0VDQWVJ7	2	terrible It's an okay phone.  It doesn't ring loud, I constantly miss calls. The availability of storage is crappy. Would only recommend for a 1st phone for a child.
R2G3HIC01XXXWB	5	Five Stars I love this case. It is such a two-for
R2BLMPJXRRQ9FQ	5	This is a great case. It's sturdy and fits well around the ... This is a great case. It's sturdy and fits well around the phone.  These cases, it doesn't matter if you purchase it from Amazon or the apple store, does change colors. All clear cases do. I've had clear cases for years from different brands and they all do the same thing.  Highly recommend.
R1AYCSBUR87A1I	5	Five Stars This case is so beautiful and stones are secured really good inside the case. Great package deal!
R1A09U1BX87ACP	5	Five Stars It was exactly what I wanted with fast delivery.
RZS6SWNFW2KTY	1	Won't sync to their software!!! Hate this device now!  Was working well, but with the last two updates of the Garmin Connect app, I can no longer sync.  Tech support advised uninstall and reinstall, which didn't resolve the issue.  No further help available.  If it doesn't sync, what's the point?!?
R2JGI892EXZ7Y1	5	Cute! Cute!  May daughter loves it.
R2V2IOZTZIY4Y7	4	Four Stars So far so good. Fast shipping .
R2YM1W2R36EUHR	1	I was so disappointed I did not want after shave I wanted the cologne so badly that I didn't see that this was after shave.  I was so disappointed  I did not want after shave.  I also didn't read the fine print that said I cldn't return this product. My husband will use it but he didn't need it, nor want it.  We want the cologne. My fault for not paying attention to detail.
R94W7MGTT30G	5	Five Stars Love it
R39W1NWITZZ3L1	5	Great case! I bought a large waterproof case years ... Great case! I bought a large waterproof case years ago that has served me well over the years for water parks, etc. This case however is perfect because it is small and specifically for phone. I have a Note 4 and yes, it fits easily even with my Ringke Fusion case on. Its a small case so I don't know if it would fit with an Otterbox but mine fits.
R2R13ZZDOAJ4WZ	4	Daughter likes it a lot Nice little case that does not add a lot of bulk to the phone.  It makes it easy to spot which phone is which.  It also makes the phone easy to hold on to.
R16Y0V6PQ3EB1U	5	Fast delivery A++++++++ Fast  delivery A++++++++
R39DGHXTSN5MB	1	One Star wrong color arrived from China and you only get 1/2 case. Misinformation.... not worth it !
R24DU3V8WRFU7W	1	Amazon.com service ¡VERY BAD! Product is okay. Amazon.com service ¡VERY BAD!
R14H9EN0JJCM9T	5	Perfect for SUP and Waka Ama (Outrigger canoe) I do outrigger canoe paddling and SUP and I don't do a workout without it now!  I love how I can have so much information spread over 4 screens with each screen being able to be split into another 4 sections.  All the info I ever need while working out on the water on my own or with the team.  I haven't even reached its full potential yet, but love how simple it is to use right off the bat.  Keen to pair it up with a heart rate monitor and add that info to my workouts.
RL3BWKVOVXD2V	2	Was showing error when connected "this accessory might not work ... Was showing error when connected &#34;this accessory might not work with iPhone as it might not be certified&#34;. Bought two of the cables, one of them showed this error. Mine is iPhone 6.
R1D4URKWAMCCYN	4	Four Stars Last for over a year
RMJ6YZHRJOWF9	4	Four Stars Saves the grandkids phones
R1MCRBSQTH3DUP	4	Four Stars very clear!
R3EUJBUHSPSACY	3	Seller's Customer Service - Excellent! / Product just okay The seller that I purchased from Seaside NY has been amazing to work with. Her customer service is top notch. She has done everything that she can to make sure I have working device in hand. I rate her *****FIVE STARS*****  The OVERDRIVE PRO hot spot device, is just OKAY. It continues to overheat and it only gets 3G service in my area. I ordered this device as a replacement hot spot for my virgin mobile wifi account. As recommended by virgin mobile I upgraded to the Overdrive Pro device because I had had so many problems with my original device. The device seems to keep overheating, so Seaside sent me a brand new replacement device. It is up and running now, however the unit is getting hot. Virgin mobile customer service worked with me today to get our towers & speeds corrected plus they let me know that I have a 1yr warranty with them should I continue to have problems with the device.
R1YMMSMNUIWGAQ	2	it looks the same except the one i got does not have then sensitivity adjustments in fact there are no holes there at all and on I think i received the wrong item ... it looks the same except the one i got does not have then sensitivity adjustments in fact there are no holes there at all  and one end had female RCA cables the other side had male cables  i thought this one had speaker wiring on one side and RC on other also  my subs sound like s*** ... they have decent bass and are 500w each but you cant really feel it in your chest  i am using this to hook up an amp to a stock head unit for my subs
R2OVE3VOBGZF9W	2	When I first received it I loved it, it worked well I have my case for 5 months now, so I am able to truly share my thoughts.  When I first received it I loved it, it worked well, I did not mind the additional cable, but it was short and inconvenient.  It looked nice, and at first I did not mind the extra weight, but now I only use it for occasional use. The weight if too much for my pocket at work, the size of the phone itself is of course larger but the case just adds too much weight and additional size.  I find it does not charge my phone as well as it did when new. The case is also slick, and I would have prefer a backing with some texture or silicone to prevent sliding and slipping.  I can see this case would work better for a smaller phone even the iphone 6, just not the plus.  I you do not carry your phone in your uniform pocket, and have trouble recharging , then you may be please with this case. I have over time found it just not meet my needs.
R36QVGBR891IU9	2	False advertisement This product advertises the free spring tool, which is one of the deciding factors to purchase this item rather than others similar. The tool was not included, very disappointed! The item itself is working just fine, but it was a pain to put on without the tool.
R15EV5KHLL1HX	2	Two Stars Worked exactly 6 months, then died.
R6VMLWRFBE695	2	I must say the company has been great about replacing it I am on my 3rd one - after about a month the first one quit holding a charge. I was sent another one - same thing a month in quit taking a charge. I must say the company has been great about replacing it. I have had this one for a couple weeks now and just took it out of the box today. It is taking forever to charge. The suction cup was NOT in the box as stated. I am NOT pleased with the product at all. When it does work - it's great for what I want - to pair it with my iphone and listen to the radio at work. But if this one does not work _ I want my money back - I can not keep wasting time on this.
R1HPVUSUQYWCF0	4	I wish it could fit a slim phone case so ... I wish it could fit a slim phone case so I didn't have to take my phone out every time I use it. Other than that I have no complaint.
R1W98FULPEKQ0P	4	Nice Case The case has a nice look and fewl to it, the only thing keeping it from being 5 stars would have been a more non slip coating on the bottom which would prevent your phone from sliding on smooth surfaces.
RE16RV885SXWP	5	BEST EVER best quality, best service period.  order from them, you will be glad you did!
R1WZDHMBUNJCLP	1	One Star not working with my iPod Shuffle
R9QJ8TZ2M5UTI	5	I like the silicone edging which should help absorb the shock ... The case fits perfectly. I have no trouble using the lock and volume buttons or plugging in the lightning and audio cables. I like the silicone edging which should help absorb the shock of a fall/drop. There are sturdier cases available, but they look very industrial; this one shows off the phone while still offering some protection.
R1TK27O2VPBKBA	4	Its very beautiful! I have an unusually slim area for a ... Its very beautiful!  I have an unusually  slim area for a a license plate frame, I need a plate very very thin to get behind the back up camera on Toyota Camry (2014) and PA plates are big too, so double whammy, this fit beautifully!! Very happy with t he frames, you get 2, thats a deal, really!  If they tarnish or rust I will change my post.. so far, they are great!  Worth the wait!...well its been a few months and I have noticed some brownish looking, could be some tarnish, on a few rows of the crystals.. I will wash car again to see if this is dirt, but right now, that is making me wonder??? will update again if I am wrong..........Update, this beautiful plate does indeed TARNISH!!!! Wont buy again,dont recommend, sorry.. its all tarnished,I never go thru car washes,either, I wash my car by hand....very disappointed that its all tarnished...Update 04/02/16..HI, I have to say the seller is very attentive about trying to fix the disappointment I have had with my tarnished plates...they are very beautiful, but in a few months, mine did start to tarnish and now they are all tarnished with yellowish especially behind the crystals, but it is tarnished all over, the seller, will be sending me new ones and I will update again in the future, they are very good people to deal with and have bent over backwards for me, and I do appreciate that, hence the 4 stars....kudos to the seller..they do care..
R2M6JGNFDOOKW9	5	Charges as expected Arrived fast and everything including the packaging looked brand new. Works well, immediately after plugging in my devices the phone began charging. I haven't had any issues with it, charges my phone to a full clip and I'm good to go.
R299QNZ8B1RO8H	5	Five Stars Great price & great charger...
R309CGYEJYTS9T	5	... have used it for months and it still looks great I have used it for months and it still looks great
R3CD03VE2HO81P	4	I love the size Bought this phone for my 17 year old daughter and she loves it so then I purchased one for me. I love the size, still getting used to it. I had a Nexus 4 before this, which my husband is now using which is a move up for him. Seems like a tiny lag when swiping the screen up while on Facebook but that may be because the screen protector is on it and I am not touching close enough. I love the phone but make sure you purchase the sd card so you have plenty of space for all the apps.
R2FRLDSYO9TY1P	5	Holds 2-3 cards and works well! Holds two cards really well. Will hold three if they don't have the numbers pushed out on them (ie they are completely flat). I was a little worried how long it would last, as I open it at least once everyday. But it has held up for 5 months so far! For the price it is totally worth it!
R3G4C5UFTSBM9L	1	not that user friendly This Shield is not as easy as they make it sound to apply, the solution that you spray on the shield makes it very slippery especially for apple watches due to the curve edges of the watch, my protector looked ugly and didn't stay on, it just kept slipping off my watch till i just peeled it off and threw it away .
R2DN9N1SPCHAR5	3	Three Stars First one died at 14 months, 2nd was defective,  Hope 3rd time the charm, does not come with holster.
RIXRUXB9EZKPV	5	Five Stars Good quality and fits the Galaxy Express perfect. My son loves it.
R1XVGMW0JTRQFB	1	BlackBerry Same old problems on a more expensive device I bought phone in Jan, problems started in April...broken by the 3rd month of owning.  I must restart the phone every time I want to charge it. Phone is not recognized by the BB link, The camera screen would blink green... Issues are STILL not resolved.  Their customer care  resolution...to update software without plugging in and would lose my data.  Software has been updated and the phone STILL has the same problems  I paid $600 bucks for this phone.  BlackBerry does not have a solution nor will they give me a new phone. Their customer care is obviously out of the US since the only time they called me back was over 4th of July and didnt leave a message.  There for they determined the ticket was closed.  Sadly, this issue is the very same problem they had years back...too bad BlackBerry hasn't changed their service at all.  Disappointed...money wasted
R32YMTPF96FFRC	2	It's great if you are a male with a big ear ... It's great if you are a male with a big ear but otherwise if you are a woman &#34;beware&#34; It hurts and ear is sore for awhile after taking it off. I do like the way it informs you of incoming calls. It would be great if they made more sizes
R1HGZAC7782VD8	4	Well made. (Great zipper & hard shell). Fast shipping. A 'little' smaller than I though (although the dimensions were clearly posted). It's a well made case with a better zipper than I expected and a harder shell than I expected.
RYGXLY3MI4Z51	5	Good quality chargers at very reasonable prices. Looks good, and I appreciate the ability to charge two tablets at the same time. My previous charger was also an iClever, a previous generation lower power one, and it's still running fine. No complaints. Definitely recommended
R37H5LSA3RNJ74	5	Nice material, durable, not bulky! I love the convenience of this product. The sticky tape that holds it on is very strong and secure. It's made from a nice stretchy material that is tight enough to hold just one card but does expand a good bit. I'm bad about forgetting to use it but I'm sure as time passes it will get easier to remember it's there. It doesn't add a lot of bulk at all to my phone case. I even use it occasionally to hold a mini bic lighter and it has yet to stretch out. Nice product! * I received this for free for my honest review and I do recommend it!
R2Q76CX1ZFFS48	5	Five Stars works very well and is a perfect dock for both watch and phone
R279X81U99SGF9	5	Five Stars came in handy
R1ZKOA5VEULOTK	1	One Star order wrong part, never got to use it. It was what was on the sight
R19NUD9J9TPVRC	5	So much fun! The battery life us good and it's incredibly fast
RSRIWJAPCXIEH	5	Love it. This is a great screen protector! I've gotten it for my parents and sisters phone. I still have the proginal one on that I bought almost a year ago. Only replacing it because they had to replace my phone.
R1DTU75ZL5KUAE	5	I LOVE It Best Case for my LG G4 the Body ... I LOVE It Best Case for my LG G4  the Body Glove Black Slim & Flexible is non slip the grip is great and it Look's Good too I Love Body Glove Cases. Get one and you will Love it too.
R33G5XVHEM2WAT	2	Two Stars it fit the phone fine, but it was too slippery. I felt I was going to drop it.
R1DXZUXOOQ5FX9	5	The case seems really sturdy. I like that there's a separate clip you ... The case seems really sturdy.  I like that there's a separate clip you can attach and it can swivel but it is not easy to turn.  You have to work at it. Definitely a good buy.
RULF66OARJSXS	3	The case is a really good fit for the Galaxy Note 4 but it doesn't ... The case is a really good fit for the Galaxy Note 4 but it doesn't cover the edge as much as I expected. Top and bottom edges of phone are fully exposed.
R3EICVPCG1GRZK	5	This is a really great phone case This is a really great phone case. It really does protect it from accidental drops..which is something I definitely need!  The design is also very nice. I love the vibrant pink color, and the slim design is very attractive.  Note: I got this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
RB4F5ZECFVWA	1	Don't fit Bad quality
R1FZYINYBCK85T	5	nice Nice
R1BWVRA4GBIBDR	5	Great Case! This case is amazing and fits perfectly.
R2LXNDL7UFD83B	4	Great screen cover Great screen cover. The only complaint I have is it doesn't go all the way to the edge of my phones screen. I don't know if it's smaller to fit phone cases. I have the otter box on my phone and there's still a pretty good gab between my screen protector and case protector, so there's quit a bit of dirt that collects on the edges.
R2L5QZC5H34G9H	2	AM tuner did not work well Purchased this to replace old AM/FM radio.  The Mfine AM tuner is worse than my current one, which is why I needed a new one in the first place.  Went to all locations in the house, upstairs and downstairs, would get static when dialed into a station.  Must be getting electric feedback from other devices in the house.  Returned the product and get a full refund.  On the lookout for another AM/FM radio to try, will try one with an analog tuner to see if any better than this one.
R177QQBIK8VRJ1	1	One Star It's was terrible didn't even drop my phone before screen cracked
R1MFR69IHF8SIS	5	Nicely done by OtterBox Bulky but that is what you expect if you want the phone to be perfectly safe. No problems at all writing emails with the plastic cover. Nicely done by OtterBox.
R3DJKE9M4HA5KQ	4	Charges fast from the orange port for my Z3c. ... Charges fast from the orange port for my Z3c.  I bought it to use the top port to charge my GF's iphone, but I'm not sure if it's too much current.  I emailed the manufacturer and haven't heard a reply yet.
R31AL388KZ4KZ5	1	Frayed Frayed at the iPhone connection end in 3 weeks of nightly use. Pass on this one.
R3UJPA5F4CGDQV	5	It's gorgeous! Love the soft &quot;ballerina pink&quot; leather band. Not of the best quality leather, but for the price, it's well worth it.  When the thing breaks, I'll be sure to get another. I had no problem what so ever switching out the bands.  38mm Sport  Small band
RJ9QZ1K3DW7TM	5	Just awesome. I've had many screen protectors over the years. The is the best I've ever had on a phone. It feels like the screen of the iPhone, it is super sensitive, it makes the screen look spectacular! It was super easy to attach to the screen with out one air bubble. Look no further than this one.
RVKFGX81WE8LO	5	LOVE!! Great quality and reminds me of Tiffany &co
R2RU6HWZ68EI1	3	Another brand name The package came under another brand's name why?
R5C9J5R647M1C	5	Five Stars I am truly satisfied with my new iPhone case
R2AQFA51OO136B	5	They are very nice and expensive looking and worked perfectly order these for middle schooler. he needed them for school. They are very nice and expensive looking and worked perfectly. I am ordering a second pair for home use when he is using his laptop and iPad
R286HDP71O09U	5	Highly recommended! Work greats. Charge my phone quickly. Highly recommended!
R11AVGV3KVC9CP	4	very nice that it recognizes what device needs what Charges just as it says it does, very nice that it recognizes what device needs what.  Took this camping, little long on recharge in the fifth wheel with a generator..3
R3PQ911K2GVRSS	2	Didn't like it Very cheap and falls apart easily
R1SM6PWFOAW6YY	5	Five Stars EXCELENTE
R2OE67ZTJLAA7V	4	It was a gift. So hopefully it worked what ... It was a gift.  So hopefully it worked what it was intended to do.
RBD7CFHWAQN0R	3	looks just like picture. fast shipping looks just like picture . fast shipping ! The radio is very light in weight . hope it works good.
R2SV54MLNQUC0S	5	and awesome to look at It's exactly what I need: Durable, sleek, and awesome to look at!
R6JVICO1KDJ	2	Not as firm Does not stay in place firmly. Bolts/Screws loosen up after time (I've had it for about one month now)
RGL54T8H4MGDA	5	Excellent Wireless Bluetooth Headset! Highly Recommend! These are Excellent Wireless Bluetooth in Ear Headset! They lay comfortably around my neck. The rubberish material easily conforms to anyone's neck and shoulder size. They are extremely lightweight. I love the magnetic pieces that hold the ear buds so when they're not in your ear they automatically go back to &#34;their home&#34; securely. The controls are incredibly user friendly. All the buttons are easily accessible and clearly marked. This set is by far the easiest set I have ever used to pair. You don't have to hold down a button or series of buttons for a certain amount to pair like my previous ones which I love! The sound is extremely clear and consistent whether im listening to music, taking a call, or watching tv on my tablet. They have a decent reach roughly 2 to 3 rooms away from the device they are paired to. The battery life is very good. They charge fast and last even longer. Overall I love them I wish they reached further but all the other features definitely make up for that. I also like that the charging port has a cover so dust and other elements are getting into the interior of the headset. I did recieve mine at a discounted price in order to offer my unbiased and honest review. I hope my personal experiences help you get the most out of yours. Happy Connecting!
R1DW9Q961XKIRP	5	Nice small size car charger Works great
R132JOP6KM1B0A	5	Five Stars Perfect screen protectors. Fits perfect!
R3GNRQIPO74XGT	5	I liked them so much I bought my own pair I bought a pair of these at Target for $100 as a gift for a friends birthday.  I liked them so much I bought my own pair.
R1P2UIA2JKNMWV	3	Three Stars wish i didn't have to take my back cover off of my phone to use this.
RW1M1N8IB2G4C	4	Four Stars They were wot I expected
R3H6FWZ96E5M48	3	Three Stars The bottom part doesn't stay shut anymore.
R1CZ80INESYETM	5	Definitely worth it! Really good. Have been using it for 4 months now and still looks brand new. Very convenient and very stylish. Go everywhere with just my phone now. Whether it's a party or school. Not one gem came off regardless of the rough using.
R3A9S4XOPKDRL8	4	Four Stars Case fits phone well and belt is secure.
RPRPUG6HLQ8UY	5	Five Stars It is so cute 😍
R2UGIX7Q5INOVT	3	iPhone 6 plus does not like it, won't charge correctly iPhone 6 plus doesn't like it and constantly says it isn't an approved charger.  Ipad 4 and Apple Watch work fine with it.
R1URM7ZX5V9B7S	1	One Star Did not work 1st use keeps falling
R2J2MU487N0AO9	4	Four Stars very satisfied
R277EPC5R0CXU3	4	It's cool It was a gift for my niece, she likes it just not a big fan of the plastic feel.
R3UVJTTT40DDXL	5	Good These work very well. Nothing fancy. Just a dual USB charger that you can't go wrong with.
R3QGGWQFJ56ZPQ	3	Three Stars Was easy to install however the lens isn't as clear as the original lens was before it broke
R3E0YMI2M6MKP8	5	Five Stars NO problem so far. Works great
R3OJ4ZSRHOXX2K	5	Absolutely amazing value. I used to be a big fan ... Absolutely amazing value. I used to be a big fan of Klipsch, having owned two pairs of S4i and one pair of Ri6s and the Brainwavs Delta easily matches up in terms of sound quality even at half the price. The seal and noise isolation isn't quite as good, but is still very on point. The wire noise is minimal, the wire is light and not intrusive, and with the foam eartips that are included, these can be comfortably worn for hours. I love using these while I work out because they're so light. Furthermore, the one year hassle free warranty makes this hands down one of my favorite earbuds I've ever owned.
R2XLK47ENPIG18	1	One Star Broke one week after I got it.
R13VYWN9A4ROUM	4	Four Stars VERY NICE CASE FOR THE PRICE
R31KVXPL73UBL3	5	Five Stars Perfect case for the edge +. Very impressed with the construction
RG73AL1WAF36U	5	Five Stars Works well.
R93WUZXVTFL4M	5	Five Stars They are super long. I love them and love the colors.
R1J4GOTT4O8VRQ	5	perfect Perfect for keeping my cell phone charged
R1UKQHCPUA5RT0	5	Perfect GPS Case This is an awesome GPS case, it fits my new Garmin GPS and charger with no issues, and protects it and gives me an easy place to store my GPS and charger during trips so it will not get lost, forgotten or stolen. I am sure this case is just as good as more expensive cases.
RDR6PNV601MZB	5	love it Nice, sturdy and works like a charm. And it arrived before the estimated delivery date :)  Love it!
R1FG1MT0F4MW04	5	Nervous but amazed for used car DVD player purchase Scared to buy at first since it said used but has been a decent buy. The front volume buttons have issues but I bought  the interface for my steering wheel controls from a local  car stereo shop and wireless remote for it that I ordered from Amazon as well.
RYBR5FMFXQ3AM	5	GREAT buy very nice unit ,much better than i thought it would be.
R10JGKV837CQPS	1	One Star Sounded great for about 3 weeks then broke!
RJ7ZOT8DBKUJ8	4	Four Stars just as explained
R2QMH32IPMY50Q	5	Works Great! Heed the Warning about Note Phones, Though! Works great, and paired right up with my Note Edge. What more could you ask for? Not much.  Please pay attention to the warnings about this thing not being for the larger phones, such as the Note Series. I originally owned a Galaxy S3, but had an opportunity to upgrade to a Note Edge before it arrived. The Note phones are too big for the spring-loaded holder. That's not this item's fault, so it's not right to deduct for it.
R2LL4ZH834O4BR	5	Five Stars Great device. Works well.
R2NWQG00Q7XGPD	5	... received this product free for review and it works great. it is very easy to put on my ... i received this product free for review and it works great. it is very easy to put on my phone. and easy to open, once i put it on my phone it was pretty easy to see there were no bubbles or anything . it works great and fits perfectly
R1DHZQ3KOLXY7A	5	Five Stars I love this case. It's perfect for carrying my iPhone and acts as a small purse! I definitely recommend.
R2O4TH1TQL0JYL	4	Four Stars really good,
R35O37ZCB1J21D	3	Stylish, Inexpensive Apple Watch Band Nice, inexpensive watch band and dresses up the black Sport model. One of the pieces does not slide in and out as nicely as the Apple bands, but they do come out. Also, for the detail oriented, the part that slides into the watch is not quite flush with the watch body. Pretty much as advertised.
R2TDNBXB657Y2F	1	They were great at first but now when I plug them in My cords all stopped working after the first +/- 2 months. They were great at first but now when I plug them in, my devices all say &#34;this accessory may not be supported&#34; and they won't charge.
RWVTW53EHEFIH	2	The outside border that holds the whole thing together broke ... The outside border that holds the whole thing together broke down by the charging port after about 2 weeks.
R1AHN17XTWCK64	5	Five Stars Great idea at a great price!
R3V6FE76A1O0ER	4	It's really good It's really good gives a new nice look to my phone
REZN1V3YO84OA	5	Five Stars Excellent
RT8MLOFDLRA6M	3	the slots for the watch band are covered by this ... the slots for the watch band are covered by this making it very difficult to change bands or put back on
R14YK1R4NQGW1K	4	All encompassing protective case Very slim, chic, all encompassing, protective case. The layering within the case truly aids to it's low impact when dropped. And, I love how the case is designed to amplify sound through the iPhone's speaker -- very nice touch. I've owned the case for roughly 2 weeks now and I am very pleased. The case also allows for a nice hand grip with little to no slippage.
R3KO6036IB2F3W	4	Motorcycle mount for Garmin GPS Arrived on time and undamaged.  It fit the bars fine and the rubber liners help the fit, and keep down vibration.  My Garmin Nuvi attached perfectly and does not move when underway.  For information, I ride an 18 yo Harley, so vibration was a concern.  Screen is easy to read while riding.
R38F0V4PRJ69F1	4	Very pretty, fits iPhone 4 nicely Very pretty, fits iPhone 4 nicely, but if you are looking for a case to protect your phone, look elsewhere.
R1VACU0J32U7GU	5	Love it I bought this so I could record quick make up tutorials of how I apply my lipstick etc, and it's perfect. Is so small fits on my vanity perfectly and is so sturdy. I love it so much. The little remote worked perfect and came with a battery already. So happy I ordered this
RI9SKZ7C598UO	4	iPhone Case Color a little more on the blue side than expected. Otherwise made fairly well.
R137OFDTGV7YUT	3	Charges fast and slow... not in a good way. Charges iphone and ipad rather quickly. Capacity is insufficient to charge an ipad completely. Also, this thing takes forever to recharge itself! Like... 5 hours or so.
RLS4C0WXIY021	5	Exheed your expectations Easy to install & bubble free.
R2ZAOUPYMUX9BJ	5	Five Stars Great little amp
RM77E1TBG661V	1	Mic doesn't work at all can't make phone calls. Mic doesn't work at all can't make phone calls. If you referbish a phone you should make sure all of it works before you sell it
R5TN878PA6ZJN	3	Works as expected but not very durable This product works exactly as expected.  However, I have had several and they keep breaking.  I'm not sure why either.  They are pretty cheap and they break about every 3-6 months.  Since they are cheap, I haven't been sending them back yet.
R2Z1F49E4Q5MTA	5	iphone 6 case This case is exactly what I wanted and good quality.
R38UC4NO46PTI3	1	One Star Already blown after Two days!!!!
R300VL64T014HT	4	Four Stars They sound pretty good and works well with my iPhone
R1G0ISS99OYL47	3	I love the size and dual ports I love the size and dual ports. However, for being 2.4 amps per port, it seems to charge my phone rather slowly. I tried using an amperage app to measure what I'm pulling, but it doesn't recognize the charge. Odd...
R1436ZWJQ7P5SS	5	Just like the picture! Love it!! Exactly what it looks like! Beautiful case. It's easy to close. You wont be disappointed! The only downfall is, the shipping took awhile, BUT well worth it :)
R10QM9GLEPGO62	5	Five Stars It came before the date it said & it was what I expected
RAW7X1TCPJ0XA	5	good phone! Excellent, no issues
R3UCN67WVCHBSF	5	Five Stars Very good
R21VQYEGVGO75P	2	Color change The color changed to yellowish
R3BBSQG7F2CGJR	5	Love this case I love this phone case it's been weeks and it hasn't started fading at all. It came with a screan protector, the case, and a stylus pen. I was pleasently supprised since I thought it would only be the case! I get compliments every day with this case and I consider it an absolute nessity
R22ZKXPST978IZ	5	Loving it. Great product at a great price.
R33785YY9PH3GY	3	Pen not reliable, stylus great Do not purchase these for the pen feature. They break easily (1 pen) or don't work to begin with (2 pens) so far.  Stylus is great!
R2BVWUCWX7JXW9	4	Four Stars Amazing
R17NPZZAC738A3	5	Five Stars My friend loves this little gift.
RPN84CYEPU9DR	5	Quality case, well made Fit my Note5 perfectly. Craftsmanship of case is on part with cases from Incipio, Belkin, and other name brand.
R13Y57QGD9KZLC	5	Good quality. Everything fits and it looks great Exactly what I wanted/needed. Good quality. Everything fits and it looks great.
R1NM4J3VQOMBHX	5	Two Stars Really hard to extend the stick, I am rewriting my review and giving 5stars because u were willing to make sure as a customer I am satisfied. And u can issue a refund. Thanks
RLZTSVU5LD54A	2	The case had a defect. The bottom corner (touching ... The case had a defect. The bottom corner (touching the screen) would not sit flush against the phone. Case was way too bulky and very prone to dust.
RR6JODMCTE1NF	5	Works really well Its a nice armband. Stitching is done well too.
R1E5YA14IMRFUO	1	Don't buy Didn't work. Waste of money. Threw it away! It gets one star because I couldn't post zero stars.
R12GDQPZVDRP61	3	Three Stars Nice case but hard to take off
R3BFXT4LIJ46SW	4	I was very please with Motorola BQ50 Cell Phone Battery. I was very please the Motorola Battery for my cell phone. I would be happy to buy again.
R8OYZEFCL866Z	5	Great product It is very easy to use.  The locking of the extensions is great
R18MCTU5HQ5JDV	4	This product is great, but I was disappointed in the arrival time This product is great, but I was disappointed in the arrival time. Although it was only one day late, I wish I wasn't given such a specific date.
RVDB4IK3S0R93	5	Five Stars Very durable case
R2JLY3C28DL75C	1	One Star All you hear is static does not come out clear
R3G899GDFMQIEE	5	this product works great. So far, this product works great.
RT23SNAZAHT9Y	1	This cell phone bundle is crap and a waist of money The car charger doesn't stay in the outlet and the wall charger seems to drain the battery, instead of charging the phone.  This cell phone bundle is crap and a waist of money.  I will not be ordering from ShockWize again.
R5R5IUC6WRYHP	4	Four Stars It Fit Great
R2MZLKTO6VIQ1N	1	One Star Bad material!
R2F5LMX7OGOU4B	5	Five Stars Works!
R2LLNYVOCZGPCH	5	Five Stars Exactly as pictured ... Too long on shipping
R1FBFA5FTG109J	4	I's a case It's a case. It protects my phone. It's not very clunky. I will continue to leave it on my phone until I no longer like it or I get a new one.
R2PRTQWTFQMTD4	5	One Star They send me a new one and work good!
RQLSQZ380I048	1	not the greatest quality Lasted 2 months and the silicone busted. The plastic protectant case is ok but the red silicone busted quickly
RBV00A83OR208	4	Four Stars It's ok, I do Lyft & it does the job
R1LTKMLYPECKNA	5	Its an awesome Rugged Case for Boostmobile ZTE speed phone. Got this case for my hubby's ZTE Speed phone by Boostmobile and he loves the rugged look n its easy to hold, not slick like some cases. This has rubber grips , plus a stand for using on desktop.
R14Z7OH7L3I87M	5	Five Stars perfect fit.
R3CJM8V3T23W3S	5	Very happy I love it! It is a beautiful case with the mint colored background and the roses of different shades of pink. The green leaves and the small white polka dots really pull the whole thing together. The fit is perfect and it seems well constructed. Very impressed!
R35T7FETL09OQ0	1	Was working great but then stopped working after latest apple update Was working great but then stopped working after latest apple update. Iphones have technology to detect whether products are Apple certified. These don't work anymore as they are not Apple certified.
R2GO8P2J69UAC4	4	Much more secure than the large suction cups that fall off. After having the newer large suction cup and having them fall off with temperature variations, and even damaging the interior as the detector drops, this mount is VERY secure. For best results though make sure your visor is one that is level with your roof line and hood. Otherwise you have to tilt the visor to align correctly. And yes it does fit the SOLO 2 and 3 models.
R1CN14HBTNQ5QP	3	It looks so nice, fitted the back of the phone however i ... It looks so nice,  fitted the back of the phone however i made it too sick
R2VCXJA4C95HAO	5	Quality of the product is great. Would recommend this to someone who just wants ... Very fast shipping. Quality of the product is great. Would recommend this to someone who just wants a simple transmitter without all the fanciness
RDTLG5K0EP15Q	5	Five Stars An absolute must for any driver!
R28KQCP9G02KB1	5	Best phone ever!! Wow, I did not expect a perfect phone in every way. Perfection to the detail. All the papers, sim card etc were included and I can not tell you how impressed I am with it. Thanks soo much.
R22KYCDL23C3VF	5	Keeps GPS in good spot! Works great, exactly what I wanted.
RY6NGDAL69KJF	4	Installation was pretty easy as it just uses a long USB cable ... Installation was pretty easy as it just uses a long USB cable to connect to my F750. However, I mistakenly assumed that the camera's up orientation would follow the lettering of the label on the back of the camera. Once I had powered everything on and checked the camera view on my phone...I saw that it was upside down with no obvious way to change the orientation in software. I had to remove the camera, find some replacement 3M tape and reinstall with the correct orientation. The video quality is decent and my only complaint is that there are no orientation markings on the camera itself or in the minimal installation instructions.
RZYZOA2CUH2KQ	1	The opening tool broke only after a few uses. ... The opening tool broke only after a few uses. The pin that is used to hold the suction cup in fell out and the tool is no longer usable.
REDJD02UPKLKS	3	Three Stars great
R2HC1C6BPTJ4HJ	4	Battery!!!!!!! Poor battery life!!!!!
RELICVB9E8NDY	5	Great and cheap This powerbank is awesome. Lasts several days/ number of charges for my phone.
R3OMMANU0HPL2X	5	I love this little cable I love this little cable! It's the perfect length, doesn't get tangled and unlike my previous ones, the wires haven't pulled out or frayed from the ends. I will definitely be buying a few more.
RQ7TGJRG5RFUA	1	One Star Waste of money
R33Q4URJ66MF6K	5	Love it! I love it.  It was very easy to properly and securely apply it to my phone and sends to have improved the ease of use even.  It works great!  I am giving this honest and unbiased opinion in rewritten for having recurrences this product to try.
R2FZ2FS4SLA6IV	5	Five Stars Fit good. Came with everything I needed to replace the screen
R29JLW8CNPBJHP	3	Too bulky Plastic skretches up way too much
R1L55Z7QOLH311	5	works great even after the mod for extended battery It works well ... I cut a hole in the back to allow my extended battery stick through. wish they would put scoring on the inside to mark where to cut for the extended battery. OH well the case works well in a difficult phone to make a case for.
RB72E5TOGSSR0	5	Five Stars So far so good.
R6UPAQZ3FNXEJ	5	Perfect. Perfect. Fits perfectly on the top of the phone and works great with iPhone 6 Case, Spigen® [AIR CUSHION] Bumper [Ultra Hybrid Series] [Crystal Clear] Air Cushion Technology Bumper Case with Clear Back Panel for iPhone 6 (2014) - Crystal Clear (SGP10954)
RA6BSQAPYGM8M	4	Four Stars Not that same as the knobs that come with the original HDS7, but they work.
R23GMXD9LQEYLD	4	Four Stars Works OK, nothing outstanding or exciting about it...
R25MBVO1TTA9X2	5	Five Stars Good product
R20BGKLL5ZGCG3	5	Amazing price! Great design and very sturdy!  Love the colors too!  The price is wonderful for five cables!
R31TTL2RODHB9Q	3	Three Stars Armband not large enough!
RD8DD9YMUGSGZ	2	not true to color. Not really a blue. More of a green. Not sure if I like it but we will give it a try.  Came on time. And seems to be very durible.
R3RS20YG9PKFRY	1	The edges just won't stay The edges don't stick very well. All three of mine eventually peeled off no matter how clean your phone was.
R1UPHJQ53AY6U0	1	didnt charge my iphone6 Ummmmm this does not charge my iPhone 6. Sad:( and sad I have to plug something into my iphone6... I just wanted to be able to place it and charge it.
R1EGPITMYPX8YG	5	Great sound quaility! and comfortable! These headphones are definitely five stars in my book! It’s really hard to find a pair of good headphones that are a decent price that lasts more than a week, and these do not disappoint. I used these for a day then ended up giving them to my boyfriend because his other pair broke. He used them both in his phone and his tablet and he said the sound was amazing. Whether it was watching videos or playing music the sound was clear and loud! He used them to call me later that day he used them at work and we had no issues while talking on the phone! I also love the fact that it came with extra ear pieces. Once you lose those your screwed and they give you enough just in case! This is a great product and I would definitely recommend for anyone using headphones on a daily basis. They are also very comfortable in your ears, which makes a huge difference when buying headphones!  I received this product at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.
R34PJB3QTLJTF3	5	Wonderful Power Bank The power bank is a wonderful tool to have to charge on the go. I love that I can use the light to see in dark areas as well as being able to charge me and my daughter phones at the same time with the usb while eating out on the road. Love how fast it recharge itself and that it can go in my purse. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to review this product.
R13AYP7TQHJN6G	5	Five Stars Works great, certainly better than the 3rd party brand of previous one
R20YK7DQHOCCQY	5	Stylish and Protective Seidio did a great job with this case. It fits really snug with the form factor of the iPhone 6 Plus and doesn't leave any gaps for debris or foreign material to get in and scratch the phone. Moreover, the actual case itself is quite thin and sleek, while still offering great protection against scratches and drops. The kickstand on the back is a nice added touch, although it can be at times hard to pop out. When it is out, it feels strong and secure.  The case itself is made of two pieces (top and bottom) that slides on and off the device. There is a locking mechanism though that works well - I've never had a problem with the two pieces separating.  Overall, a protective case that is also stylish and fits well with the iPhone 6 Plus: 5 stars.
R28OCDO7YDUF3T	5	it was easy to install I have used one since I got it,  it was easy to install.
R33DG9HWJ4DM8Y	5	Five Stars AAA+++!!!
R25IBM04WUC8S1	4	TORTOISES!!! Its a good case. The rubber ends kinda bug when trying to speedily pocket the thing but all in all ok.
R2NLWONIE8YP1L	3	Three Stars Will not work with Polk DB651 speakers
R3AJPITU4KPLJY	4	Four Stars Works great
R1A401PMV4HANX	3	kind of disappointed. Because all of the card slots were super ... This fell apart, kind of disappointed.  Because all of the card slots were super handy.  Wish there were a better design so, the backing held up better.
R369L0UM3W23W6	5	Five Stars Meets all my expectations
R2M4FA6HZVVPFY	1	Smoked when two cables plugged in It worked the few times I used it to power one device over the past several months, but when two USB cables were plugged in (only one connected to a phone), it smoked (that unique, burning smell of something electronic).  The description says it has fuse protection, but there is no simple way to open it to check the fuse.
R17F08KQZF6NV5	5	ABSOLUTELY STUNNING Oh my God... this case is amazing!! It's so beautiful and Lana looks amazing and brilliant on it. Great quality and I definitely recommend buying this case!!!!
RQP2UWSXWP751	5	Five Stars Easy to install and appears to work as expected.
R2RT2SDO4J41ND	4	I like it. I like it.... very happy with this purchase since the cost is 1/3 of the Canadian cost (Can$25.00 + 13% tax)
RKE4K8GQMN96O	5	Love it. It works! Love it.
R2ORNTUF0449GY	5	Five Stars These are just easy, cheap cables to charge my phone. Nothing fancy.
R3FB2H1GN0K2HK	5	Just what I needed for my daughter whose phones' cables ... Just what I needed for my daughter whose phones' cables break down fast. And it's inexpensive in comparison with the original ones.
RYVP6RIIGA0T6	5	Five Stars Good product
R1PO23VO0NP1EV	2	It's not as smart as it claims to be For the first week, it was working well but after the first week, it keeps disconnecting from the phone. It disconnects from my phone at most 10 minutes after I connect it. I am using it just as a watch. It's not as smart as it claims to be.
R3QLCETE4B5RB3	1	but this thing just turned out horribly. It's bulky I bought this case for the novelty of the wooden material, but this thing just turned out horribly. It's bulky, it has bad grip, and it's very flimsy. The thing broke within two days of using it, after falling a measly 1.5 feet onto the floor, it shattered to pieces. What good is a case that can't even protect itself? Complete waste of money.
R2KDX1SLYRMZVC	4	LOVE that if something is going to give We bought this both my and my husbands phones.  LOVE that if something is going to give... it's the invisibleShield glass that breaks and not my phone glass... And... on my Samsung, I've had to replace it twice now. It's not the mfg fault... I'm the one dropping my phone and it does protect the actual glass on the phone... just look forward to the day that neither break.
R22ELYDTYUXAF2	5	Five Stars 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌!💃😘😘
R2U7ULK80Y5LUK	5	Gets the job done nicely. Feature rich GPS what more is there to say?  Reliable and gets you where you need to go.
R3LETCME3QO87F	1	not satisfied It was not working well for my hp pavilion touch screen... I tried to draw a line on the screen but instead of getting a continuous line, I always got dotted lines... I contact amazon for refund and I returned the product... 👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿
RXDS7QPHAFXWC	1	Angry customer!!! I bought this case and i have a verizon lg g2 and when i recieved the case it said non verizon carries only but did not say it anywhere in the description. I am super frustrated and would like a refund since that was not stated in the description.
R33EW2WGEE5XO4	5	My favorite case for iPhone 6 Plus My favorite case for iPhone 6 Plus!  I've bought three!  There was nothing wrong with the first one - that phone just got stolen :(  So I bought two more for my new phone.  The bumper on this case is the business!  Yes - it makes the phone a little less streamlined than some other cases, but I feel like the protection is awesome.  It also makes an already hard to handle phone a little easier to grab on to.
RIC2CBQNVKUTE	5	Great screen protector I have used this same product previously on other devices and I love it. I have had to replace once already on my s6 but that was because of a set of keys that scratched the protector and it was laying on them all day and I didn't realize it. Application is
R3H0YUGH66JOV7	4	Four Stars Good product but sometimes slips out of my air vents.
R225TA7Q2IGQ69	4	Great shield, but not easiest to install. Great sheild for the nexus 6. Little hard to put on but they all are. Just be patient and take your time putting it on. Also feels much smoother than the regular glass which is kinda weird.
R40IF5AETT8OF	1	Poor results from wireless charging. It does not work well.... I can leave the phone on it all night and by morning its only charged to 85-90%.  Plugging the phone in fully charges it in 2 hrs tops
R33MQ54RIJN8DY	5	great sound quality These ear buds can connect with two cellphones OR two tablets at the same time.  That's pretty cool.  Usually if one of my kids is using one of the blue tooth speakers I can't listen to it in my ear buds.  (Although it's the same music they are listening to, I like to listen with ear buds so I can tune out everything else.)  I tried these out over the weekend and they worked great.  I was able to listen to the music in my earbuds while my son had it playing softly for him to do homework.  I have not tried it with two cellphones yet but I am anxious to do so.  Charges fast and has good battery life.  They are also sweat proof.  I LOVE that feature!  I live in the south and the heat and humidity are miserable.  I have ruined a couple of pair of ear buds because of sweat.  My husband used these while mowing (and sweating profusely).  There was no problem with the sound, connection, controls, incoming calls, etc...  The sweat didn't affect them.  They sync up easily, the sound quality is great and they are comfortable to wear.  No complaints here.  Sample provided for testing, evaluation and review.
R1NKCLD187FB8D	5	Five Stars Great product
R3ER81FOSJJ8LA	5	... never write reviews but all anker products are the best! I never write reviews but all anker products are the best!
R2DFEK4VPDWUHD	4	Cheap but works Break pretty easily but you get more than enough to get the job done.
RSG3C52TLUP90	5	Five Stars Ok
R5HBQGW981IHB	3	The sliding pins/posts are easily broken. I am currently using 3 of 4 If not for the fragile stand in the back of the case, this would be a 4-5 star item.  The sliding pins/posts are easily broken. I am currently using 3 of 4.
RV96W4D0UDTRB	1	Junk Burned my hand after wire split days later.  Used a few times and had to toss
R42P247KCU94W	1	Dd not buy I did not buy this
RT2SQ2FZPV3XY	5	Works great while t the beach and while scuba diving and Arrived faster then expected.  Works great while t the beach and while scuba diving and swimming
R3SSXL0AO97DDE	5	Five Stars The sound quality is amazing and the price is very low compared to the quality!
R1UYD2XKZD4X2Z	5	Five Stars Works well
R1FQYMI24VU5S3	5	Five Stars Great cables.
RT5EDHS1SZRKE	5	AWESOME only need LEDs to show solid connection for each AWESOME  only need LEDs to show solid connection for each port
R3Q5XF21LHJN2O	5	Five Stars ok
R14DKAI44Z4HAW	5	Five Stars easy to hold and seems to protect the phone.  looks quite nice
R1U32GQ7XGJDAG	5	Five Stars It was so easy the replace came with tool and all
R90710BCEXL1I	5	Great product!!! I love my Anker PowerCore mini.  I carry this in my purse or when I travel.  It holds it's charge for months and I use it when I travel and need to power up my phone.
R2PS7DYMIKEDTS	5	works great. going to take it on our 3 week ... works great.  going to take it on our 3 week vacation..
RRAG6NEFQ0JD4	1	It's a piece of trash!!! Battery lasted ... It's a piece of trash!!! Battery lasted for about 2 weeks and then never worked again!! And the thing to put it on the wall never last... It falls every time
R33S0H70AF4N3P	4	Four Stars Congratulation for your team.
R6SUZR6IS41ZR	2	Two Stars This unit changed the focus of the camera, the picture is not as sharp as the original lens cover.
R1HOX6EJRRSI5B	5	Five Stars Excellent, great product and his quality has wonderfull
RURL7KQ594PZE	1	Not recommend Belt clip broke after 3 days. Kick stand is useless won't support phone.
R1F0F5XAV76IEI	4	Four Stars good
R3ENSUHHBFVULT	5	I actually like the one they sent me Works well with XMP3 portable player. Although the one pictured is not what they send. I actually like the one they sent me. It's a Delphi remote that's much smaller and thinner.
R1OEXI2E2AEX2D	1	crapy crapy crapy Worst case in history of cases it brake when u put it in the spot beside the volume and and power cracked off if I could put zero I would
R2LBB7VTDM23A8	1	Doesn't when your phone is in your pocket. Music starts cutting out when I put my phone in my pocket. You would think with my phone only being 4 ft away from the earbuds, that this wouldn't be an issue. I will be returning them.
R2JMMPZTM86NIN	5	Perfect for long drives, camping, and events! For every phone I had, I would always get two additional batteries so I could always have charge when I went out. Each battery usually lasted around half a day. When I got the Galaxy S5, suddenly my phone could last three whole day, and instead of getting more batteries, I thought I might as well just get one of these. It was a great choice. I can charge my phone 5-6 times on one charge, or charge others' phones, too. I used it on a week long camping trip. If you have anything you can charge with a USB, it's nice for long trips, too! Depending on the charge, it can take up to a day to completely charge. It won't over charge and keeps its own charge without wasting unnecessary power. It looks nice and you can fit it nicely in a backpack. It's nice to take to events you don't know will have outlets, or if you just want to discretely charge your electronics. I might even buy another in the future! Worth every cent.
R1N0QBUGBZXIYX	4	The phone easily snaps in This wallet phone case is very well made.  The phone easily snaps in.  I like the added protection of the cover when I put it in my purse or when it is just lying on the table.  Magnetic clasp is strong.  I also like how it folds to a stand.  It's perfect to use to entertain your toddler when you are at a restaurant or appointment!  I also like how you can close the cover and still talk on the phone.  I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
R1E0ZBZCU1E15D	4	works as advertised Haven't dropped it in water yet, but did test it in the sink before putting my phone in it. The first time it had a small leak but realized I didn't have it all pushed together so tried it again and no leaks. Seems to work as advertised.
R1G7MKMQ9RRIWK	1	One Star Don't have options for languages
R22WNMUEWSXPN0	3	but not as good as apple products Cable worked for a while, but does not connect to IPhone anymore.  Worked for a while, but not as good as apple products.
R1DM9T9ATLTV70	1	One Star Wrong item description...
R2K3V501IJX8PG	2	Sounds good but don't do it... Should prob go back to R&D with this one.  Seemingly ok at first. The top of the plastic which gets locked under the plastic clips can easily be pulled out at the corners.The waterproof seal for the bluetooth button is not water tight. needless to say, stuck my Iphone in this thing, and few minutes later it was in a plastic sealed bag half filled with water. Had that &#34;I told you so&#34; feeling loosing the vacation pics. Just get a dedicated camera for water activities.
R2SGF23CE0KPX1	5	Great Phone Case Very satisfied with this phone case..  Shipped promptly and was as described.
RY0CTP8ZZC4R3	5	Five Stars Love it! I'm It could store 3 cards max
R19QDQT77EHY38	5	Power to the Peoples...Stuff! Finally!  This RAVPower 6 Port Desktop Charging Station is wonderful.  Both my wife and I are heavy tech users and each with a mix of systems and brands; pretty much everyone in our situation has a power strip nearby that is polluted with plugs and chargers for laptops and tablets, phones and accessories, driven by Microsoft and Apple and Google and Bluetooth.  The iSmart Technology in this powered charger allows me to use one plug on the power strip to charge up to 6 different devices with differing input power needs, and the only common denominator is USB.  I now have two of these, one each for my wife and myself, am thrilled with both, and recommend them highly.
R3S2VYJ84O8UJ7	5	High quality charging dock for your iOS. Android and other devices [[VIDEOID:878adf1360dc96064c2774c3adaef4dc]] So your looking for a charging dock for your desk or office but your not too sure if this is the one for you?  Watch in HD here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6ve_X3SOMk  I was sent this sample from G-Hub Amazon UK for an honest review.  If you don't have an iOS device but instead an Android, Windows or Blackberry smartphone this dock is also compatible.  What's great about this product Stylish and solid build Charge the Apple iPhone & Watch at the same time Great for looking at apps/notifications or watching movies while on your laptop/desktop  If you have an Apple Watch you can attach the magnetic charger to the dock, otherwise you will need to use your own charging cable for your smartphone.  I would definitely recommend it to all.
R2ZQDUANF3DOJJ	5	Five Stars Good buy!
R27C2WNPFJVAU1	5	Styles pens Love the pens my husband sticks one in his shirt for coviinence it's there when ever he needs it .
R2SLFAAPJIEVAY	4	Beautiful case, well constructed considering the low price Beautiful case, well constructed considering the low price. After having the case for about a month, color is fading a bit on the spine of the case.
R15XUTFMH922N7	5	Five Stars Love my gadgets. Thanx
R1KP8BVAUFQO4B	5	Five Stars Excellent product!
R38U4TQVJ1T40K	4	Beware Great device; just beware of the restarting problems that i'm having. Cant run too man programs at one time, but what do you really expect.
R6F6PMXFJHU3S	5	Excellent for the price Excellent charger for the price and great length
R1A6M73F4FEZHE	5	Very satisfied. Works perfectly.  Very satisfied.
R3AOSSL9AAKVNZ	5	I liked them enough order more than one Save yourself expense and frustration down the road.  You don't find stronger and more reliable cables for less money than these.  The braided nylon jacket prevents the normal cracking and breaking of the wires near the Lightning plug. These cables are strong enough to allow you to use your device while it is charging.  The added length is also a welcome addition to the standard 3 foot long cable. I liked them enough order more than one. Highly recommended.
R12CDYO09N2CSM	1	One Star Was not compatible with an 04 Tundra which it claims to be
RDB95K559V2ER	1	I cleaned my band due to getting dirty & unfortunately my band has now turned white and ... I cleaned my band due to getting dirty & unfortunately my band has now turned white and I am very unhappy about that.  The color also started coming off during my cleaning.
RPTO8VOZNTQOR	5	Five Stars as expected
R34P3LNC9XVS24	5	Which is Great For Android Mob You Must Buy This One in the event that You Travel A Lot. It Has huge Capacity, i charge my galaxy s6 about 3 times.The 4 LEDS give me an estimated sign of the charging and remaining status. Which is Great For Android Mob. Telephones in the event that You Watch Movies a considerable measure While Traveling.
R337IBSJ13VLID	4	Simple, Charges Well - A bit large Simple fast car charger. Works as intended. Can charge multiple devices at once, which is exactly what I was looking for.  In hindsight it is a bit large in width. Would be nicer if it was a 2x2 square instead of 4x1, but it functionally works as expected.  4 stars overall.
RVISMPKEUMF9T	2	Two Stars 50-50. One Doesn't charge my iPad mini from the wall charger.
R1AOQQIPHPZS6Z	5	Five Stars Great
R1TKD6VY8RDWBV	4	Two thumbs up. Great band, I recommend it. Looks like the real deal.
RGNK9U14T7IZ1	1	Don't buy this product! Don't buy this product! It stopped working less than three months after I purchased it.
R1FGVUGPIUJF66	5	Five Stars Convenient to use
R1HIQK3BD2VF4C	4	Four Stars Good
R1PIIZFG9FFCR7	4	Four Stars Item as described.
R1IKYL0M7XSQY1	4	Fits well and looks great! Sometimes has issues plugging in to the headphone ... Fits well and looks great! Sometimes has issues plugging in to the headphone jack with aux cord. Maybe need a slightly larger opening so it stays connected better.
R1K3U2O7O50EZ7	1	Go for the Belkin or Apple cable.  This one is the pits Broke where the wire and the adapter meet within a few weeks of owning.  Very poorly constructed.
R8865JVYO5RSK	5	Five Stars Adorable and fits well.
RXKXC6DOAN8TU	5	Could be from Samsung! I was given this product in exchange for a review. I am so glad i purchased this! In my opinion everyone needs an extra, its very nice quality seems like its from the manufacture! The color is identical. I am very pleased!
RAE0JY8H69BD3	5	Five Stars the colors and good material
R1Q4S4PYDYKE05	5	Really great case! Really great case! Good size, weight and durability.
R25EPVGU8XA2JC	3	Three Stars It's cute but doesn't fit well because it's to soft.
R9MGPHB4PBLOE	5	... the car and it shipped very quick and was good price! Thanks my husband loves it This works well in the car and it shipped very quick and was good price! Thanks my husband loves it!
R2YUU31CPJ8W8J	5	Great cable with excellent durability due to being built with bulletproof kevlar fiber. First let me start by saying I’ve purchased many Anker products over the years, however the Powerline Micro USB 3ft Gray I am writing about was supplied as a sample for test and evaluation, and I promise that my review is fair and honest.  I buy Anker products because 1. They work as advertised,  2. They hold up (my first purchase was an Anker 2nd Gen Astro3 12800mAh External Battery which has made two trips to Disney World, and I continue to use often),  3. Great warranty (18 Months) 4. The only time I needed their customer support it was top rate. (helping me diagnose an issue, sending me replacement, ultimately resolving the issue in a professional and courteous manner.).  The Powerline Micro USB has tradition Micro USB cable connection ends so its just as easy to use as any other Micro USB cable.  Where it shines is its durability due to being built with bulletproof kevlar fiber.  For my purposes, its the perfect cable for use in my car!  The power port in my car is in the arm rest.  While there is a notch for the cable to come out,  unless you hold the cable in place while closing the armrest,  it pinches the cable enough to almost immediately cause marks and shorts in other cables.  This Anker Powerline Micro USB has held up to a week of opening and closing the armrest without any issues, marks or shorts.  This cable will also be really good for those on the go who often just toss their cords in their bag.  You wont have to worry about tangles and untangles causing shorts in the cable.  Using the Powerline Micro USB cable in my car with the Anker 9.6A / 48W 4-Port USB Car Charger with PowerIQ Technology was a breeze.  Plug one end into the Car Charger,  the other into my phone, and it charges things fast.  Connecting my Nexus 6, 2013 Moto X, and even the dock for my Moto 360 watch,  it charges them as fast as the Car Charger allows.  No slow does due to the cable.  Compared to the standard Anker USBcables I’ve used, the casing on the Powerline Micro USB cable is visibly more sturdy.  Over all, I’m impressed.  Anker has managed to build a great cable that is durable enough to deal with life in my car, or my backpack,  that can charge my phones at full speed, and I don’t have to worry abou it developing shorts due to the stresses I put on it..
R2T2946LXU4QGX	5	Five Stars Works just as well as the one at T-Mobile, and they want 35.99 for it
RD4UIYFRWGRUM	3	I would have given this case five stars except the ... I would have given this case five stars except the color was not as described. It is not red and teal. It is more salmon pink and teal.
R187USQ26R34XX	5	Five Stars Thin case, fits perfect
R323GS95ZF3Q5D	1	I received these a week ago and after wearing one ... I received these a week ago and after wearing one of them for 2 days it broke. I'm wearing a different one now, and it is cracked.
REDWYR4XUPG42	5	VERY nice, and I'm DEFINITELY very happy. ***Ok, it's now a couple of months after the installation and I'm upgrading this little unit to 5 stars. It's dialed in, set to my preferences, and now all I have to do is the occasional tweak to the remote knob on the dash depending on the track / genre that's playing through the head unit. There's a respectable amount of bass, it's clean, it's got a good punch and I'm not abusing it at all, just using it to fill in the bottom end. I'd buy another one in a heartbeat if I needed a sub for another vehicle, and I've recommended it to several friends / family that are upgrading their systems as well. Still haven't covered up the blue LED, but it's situated on the dash so when I'm driving, the steering wheel blocks that LED from my eyes... I'm ok with that.**  Had it professionally installed in a '94 Chevy C1500 regular cab under the passenger seat, out of sight. It's paired up to a Pioneer head unit using RCA plugs, and filling in the bottom end for the Pioneer 2 way 4x6 dash speakers and factory 4x6 pillar speakers (pillar speakers soon to be replaced).  First, I bought this on the strength of the reviews I read here on Amazon. I'm happy to say, this sub seems to live up to those reviews. It's only been in the truck for 2 days now, so I'm still dialing it in, but it rocks. Even the installer (who had never seen the LOPRO8 before) was surprised in a very good way as to how nice it sounds and has said he'll be recommending it to his customers looking for something to fit in a small space. No, it won't rattle neighbor's windows 3 doors down the street, and no, it won't vibrate the mirrors on the car next to me at the stoplight, but I'm 53 years old and WAY past that stage. It fills my truck cab VERY nicely without overpowering the rest of the music, which is all I need or want. I spend an hour each way in my truck back and forth to work, and this will make the trip quite enjoyable. I predominately listen to rock, blues, classical and jazz, and so far from Rimsky-Korsakovto Metallica to Al DiMeola to BB King, this sub seems to perform extremely well and I am VERY happy with it.  My only issue is the brightness of the blue LED for the remote knob. Yeah, that'll be covered with something very soon - it's WAY too bright and very distracting.
RRCREUARYC6WS	1	One Star Need to send back It does not connect
R2SBY82ABG6GBT	5	Five Stars Works as described, really tidies things up on the counter.
R1NQPXMJII0JYR	4	Good kit with genuine appearance glass This is not Amolded so don't expect this glass to stand up to the came torture your original could. The kit is comprehensive but I suggest using a blowdrier or heat gun before separating the screen from the glue over the LCD.  These tools work but weren't able to separate the glass from the glue on my phone. Mine does say Samsung in the glass, and looks like the original. Just know the glass is not as resilient.
RLDBK44QQPBXQ	5	Great for presentations I should have gotten one of these a year earlier than I did, so I could stop carrying my laptop around whenever I had to give a presentation. Now I can do it all from my tablet, which is so much easier for travel, even to and from work.
R153PKS7HRQOTO	5	Great Glass for super cheap price for my Brand New Samsung Galaxy Note 5! Awesome product, like always I've come to expect from iCarez team.  Get this Glass, you Won't be disappointed!! :)
RHL0Q4JC80T3A	1	I think mine were broken. The high frequencies didn't ... I think mine were broken.  The high frequencies didn't come through.  I sent mine back.
R2VCF05F7PMXEI	4	Works Ok screen protector.  Had a hard time getting the bubbles out.
RKPRXJUPCY35Y	5	NICE This is a nice case it's ashamed it couldn't my G4 since it is design for the G4 Stylus which is bigger than the regular G4. Overall the product have a solid build and the extras, will let's just say we all love extras. The screen protector and stylus pen were welcome freebies. I question why it didn't fit my G4 and the seller wrote back informing me it was for the Stylus. I the seller offered to replace my case with a refund or with one that fit. I told them no I would keep this one, even though I have no use for it. DON'T JUDGE ME PEOPLE! LOL I just enjoy the look and the feel and for that price I could afford to take the hit, you never know when you would get another phone.
R3R8PHTIXIBYJA	5	Great cover This is a nice cover for the new Samsung Galaxy 6 edge plus. It's nice and slim so it doesn't add any bulkiness to the phone. It's not a hard cover but if you want to keep the phone nice and sleek this cover is a must.
RAL5KSPVMBD9D	3	Disposable I bought a bunch of these. They work well out of the box but I find that I am throwing them away more often. I tend to put them through tough use outside and travel and I guess you get what you pay for.
R10YDPILI622F5	1	One Star I purchased this for my daughter it takes the entire day to fully charge her ipad.
R30RLZ29D7OW26	3	I liked it and everything I liked it and everything, one thing I didn't like about it was how overtime the color wears off that's why I gave it a 3 star.
R3QR3UI4A3XIOG	5	Must Buy, very useful Works great, I charge my Android phone, iPad, Bluetooth headset all at once, all at full speed. Very convenient that it only uses one wall plug. Must buy if you have multiple mobile USB devices. Ontop of all that, it is made by anker, who has one of the best warranties and customer service in the industry.
R138HDD35NYIUC	4	Four Stars The wife loves it...that's all that's important
R3R21NMK433DBF	5	Five Stars great one i like it
RMEYTC5D993XJ	3	Three Stars Good but I feel like it's to small
R34KGNHR9CFB96	5	Five Stars I love it and so doesn't my grandkids...
RG11E9UKRPZJF	2	... chipping when the item arrived otherwise the red looks like what is shown in the picture The paint used to make the sides of the case look metallic was already chipping when the item arrived otherwise the red looks like what is shown in the picture.
RBS1HO60TAHUV	5	Five Stars Great quality!
R3IVNRF4MZTYPW	5	Five Stars love it
R3CBTFN5QSXY3R	1	Did not work. Terrible, not supported by iPhone 6 or iPad 2. Amazon was great though and issued a full refund.m
RZRX4Z5GGYC31	5	Five Stars Nice and easy to fit.
R15S8034070H13	5	Five Stars Good product.
R2HYFJL55RZYVU	5	Five Stars This case is so awesome.  Looks very professional, feels great in hand.
R38B2SQBUVW5AC	5	Five Stars Excellent...
RVSW3QI4SYOEN	5	Works as Intended Works as intended for rapid charging of multiple devices. A bit bulky, but to be expected by a 3 USB car charger.  Shipped quick and works as expected. Overall, 5 stars.
R3HFZP1TDY3E3W	5	Five Stars Great quality for price
R14BXFUEG1Q7K7	5	I love the info it gives me and I feel great I have had this now for several months.  It arrived on time and has done everything the manufacturer promised it would do.  It has been especially helpful in tracking my sleep patterns so that I can make necessary adjustments.  I love the info it gives me and I feel great!
R4O7L704OBDNO	5	First radio, can't go to much in depth on ... First radio, can't go to much in depth on it. After I get my liscence and see what it can do I'll update.
R14GTT25ACW47C	1	Horrible quality, feather touch and it's broken. Horrible quality. It attracts dust inside the screen protector. And don't know how but unintentionally it is getting broken on the sides, and today I took it from my pocket and I saw it is broken completely on the top left corner. I spent $14.99 bucks on this product and it is not even working like a $0.99 worth product. Simply waste of money, tech armor deceives people projecting their stuff as quality but their quality is not even worth a penny. I knew that I have one year warranty on this product, I will see if tech armor will replace the defective piece, otherwise I will write one more review mentioning the type of service I received from them.
R2ONEV6E30J6F0	5	Five Stars Great GPS do what it is meant to do.
R36QURTKDGE8XM	5	Five Stars Good product good nuff said
RJ1FL4K29ULI3	1	Neglected customer I have to give this a poor review firstly because when I received the screen it couldn't be installed properly because the ribbons wouldn't connect properly. It would take so long to get another screen I decided to move onto a new phone and now that I would like to return the screen in exchange for another (and pay a difference if need be) the seller won't even reply
RG48ZSDEKGGDL	5	Battery doesn't last. It even lasts less than the ... Update - Sept 10  I have performed additional testing and I found out that the issue is not the battery, is the upgrade to the new Android Lollipop release that I installed in my cell phone some weeks before buying the Anker Battery.  The result of the tests in summary is that the Anker battery lasts at least 3 hours more than the original battery.    I have read some forums and I have implemented several of their recommendations to improve the battery life.  By the way I am very pleased with Anker support, as soon as they read my previous post, they contacted me apologizing and offering to replace the product.  I want to apologize for placing a bad review before comparing the Anker battery with the original one.  =============================================================================================== [Old Review] Battery doesn't last.  It even lasts less than the original one that i replaced.
R16P20N1650S6C	5	So handy to have a back up battery especially with ... So handy to have a back up battery especially with grandkids using my phone... True to advertisement and quick shipment
R2WXALK8LHIW65	5	Five Stars Great
R2DHJ24NC7RMD8	4	Great value, soft and have a nice grip Great value, soft and have a nice grip.  Fits my phone well.  The only thing I hoped was the option to chose one color if I wanted with a  cheaper price.  I definitely didn't need this many cases...
RQE3YRP29YA3N	5	Perfect fit Perfect fit. Just read the instructions.
R14ES6ABRIUKOR	5	Excellent Product for Price The case is exactly as described, fits perfectly and is comfortable to hold. I love the colors.
R1Y8TJZC9CBWF7	3	Three Stars is pretty cheaper but the quality is not the best
RUHS8WXB74053	1	Waste of Money! This does not fit the screen on my iPhone 6. It is too small. Cell 4 Tech did not offer any solution.
R3UJ0QH714ONSH	5	Five Stars Worked well and was easy to install with all the needed pieces.
R339IJMSKNRBGW	1	Breaks Easily Broke within a week. Don't recommend
RJLPEWFIKF2OV	1	Great idea but this has not been product tested enough ... Since using PowerBear, my phone periodically reboots without warning as heat of battery causes it to shut down.  Great idea but this has not been product tested enough to be considered as a quality, market-ready product.
R2GCWJX9Q342N9	1	One Star Ear hooks be within 1 week.
R2WA8W5638IIC6	2	Two Stars poor quality! There is a crack on the holder.
R2E005F07C7MJK	5	Five Stars Love this case!
RTFKX1AX865NX	1	One Star Very cheap and bad quality. Fell off the first day.
R3QM6TZ29Y7FTP	5	Great case! I like how slim it is while ... Great case! I like how slim it is while still feeling like it provides a fair amount of protection.
R32O3BPJAK7RNA	5	Five Stars Great device would recommend it
R3HBUPLY2FZ4RM	3	3 stars it works great! i use it daily and track my sleep as well! the app works good! but just recently it just died! i've only had if for 2 months!!
R14363TN3K2GK9	5	Works great. Repeat purchase.  Works great.
RSNN06ZB54EFV	5	Nice Nice band, great addition to my collection.
R3JC47GF95TC3	5	great smartphone for the price fo sho So I bought this at the best buy store.. Anyways this a great phone guys.. It's really quick, it rarely lags I have the 1gb version but its more than enough for snapchats, Facebook and more. Camera is really good in bright scenarios, at night not so much. Snapchats look amazing on this phone I was honestly impressed. And the built quality is great a bit on the plastic side but feels solid, the screen is bright. You don't need more than 720p it looks great to me and it helps the battery a ton although it takes awhile to charge. So make sure you charge before bed, but the battery lasts a lot. It's a great buy! It does more than enough for everyday needs and more. Im cla college kid whos always on the phone abd im telling this phone is amazing. Definitely recommend anyone, even if they are not on a budget.
R46Z7U8N81IXI	5	I loved the case I loved the case!  It fits my phone snugly.  You do have to press kind of hard for the buttons on the side, but it's really not that big of a deal!  Love it!
R2S42TOI3556UL	5	Five Stars Love it, the quality is very good. Fit perfectly!
R2P3IBUDWCPPZ1	5	The size is fine in my opinion This portable battery charges my phone faster than the actual cable! The only negativity I have towards this product is that it takes a bit of time to charge BUT that was stated in the manual. The size is fine in my opinion, it is bigger than average battery packs but it charges my phone within reasonable time. My sole intention for this purchase was to use during vacation and in school. A unique feature of this battery pack is the flashlight that is activated when you press down the power button. The functionality of this battery is simple and it doesn't require to much time to grasp the concept of this battery.
R5V6P8MZ68E1G	4	Very happy with the case Very happy with the case!  It looks fantastic and is great quality --- especially for the price.  Received it earlier than expected which is always a bonus.  One minor downside ---- when using credit card slot, the case does not touch the phone screen thus the screen does not automatically go into sleep mode.  Still very happy with purchase and would buy again.
R45RLVF1VE0UX	5	Was exactly what I ordered and has a really great feel to it The case showed up in a timely manner. Was exactly what I ordered and has a really great feel to it. The little kick stand that allows you to prop the phone up works great and was something I didn't even know I wanted. Would reccomened great quality and product.
R3PHBY9GQ6UC3T	4	Very convenient little device Definitely a time saver when charging your device, or just needing your phone's micro USB for something else. The only downfall I have had with this, which isn't a fault of the device, is you need to position the device almost perfectly for it to charge. There is a (blue) charging indicator light that goes around the entire front of the device; it changes green when you're at 100%. Very convenient for travel as well.
R12XWX9SM6HVC8	4	seemed the best thing to do was find a way to take ... I was originally looking for a way to reduce alternator noise. After reading online info, seemed the best thing to do was find a way to take my high level speaker inputs that were run directly into the high level amp inputs from oe system and make them low level inputs for lower distortion. This unit not only turned my 4 channel speaker outputs into 6 channels. it combined it all into full range for the ft and rear and low for sub channel. It has adjustable bass levels and ... no alt whine. Id give it 5 stars but I'm picky and it would be much nicer to have a separate max light for all 3 outputs, not just 1. Takes a little fiddling to get it right. but all and all very nice addition to the system. very happy.
R3JKKUWDLH077	2	Not the best quality Lasted a week....
R30QN7BMI44GRA	4	Four Stars Im happy with it and love the price. It came very quickly
R3MEN06S3ACPWT	1	It crashes like your windshield This product is not worth the money,SCAM it is. GO burn your money else where, It crashes like your windshield. If there is a negative star, I would rated it as (-).
R165BJDE4FGU8I	5	but really like this item I don't normally post reviews, but really like this item. Not only the  item, but the excellent service. When it first arrived the envelope was half torn open with missing parts and when I called they immediately sent me a label to send what I received back to them. The replacement they sent got here literally the next day, before I even had time to return the unused parts. I paired it with my tablet, and it works very well. The sound is good and seems to noise cancel as well.. I originally bought them for my Dad to listen to on his tablet and who has a hard time hearing. This is lightweight and will be perfect for him. I liked them so well, I am ordering another for myself.
R28QYYM5LQSTIU	4	Sound quality is pretty good (heavy on the bass) Sound quality is pretty good (heavy on the bass). They pinch my ears a bit, so if you have a larger head they might not be for you.
R2CW2Q99ZSLHJY	5	Five Stars great
R38SVBQ1B6DQC1	5	fabric cord is great loved it so much bought one for my mother in law With stood my dog chewing on it and had for while now and still working and i use and move it around daily
R2OZ2AUICJI03V	5	Five Stars Love this cute case. Nice and thin yet protective.
R1P7W5A49ZFHQ0	2	I returned this. I dropped my phone from barely ... I returned this. I dropped my phone from barely 4 feet off the ground and my entire screen shattered. I would say if you are going to use this case get a tempered-glass screen protector because it's NOT a hard case. I upgraded to the otterbox commuter...
RCGDYF905949Z	3	Convenience of having multiple devices charge at once. Appears ... Convenience of having multiple devices charge at once. Appears to be high quality. I don't notice any significant change in charging time with this unit.
R1W7DVAQFAZ1B4	1	One Star Does not stay on
R13QJNZDZZELQE	4	Truly Quick Charger Quickly charges 2 iPhone 6 + simultaneously, much faster than 1 iPhone 6 +, which uses the Apple charger.  Would have been even more valuable if it included Euro adapter.
R11WCFYBUVBJZR	5	perfect for what I needed! It was just what I wanted!
R138T25YA7508G	5	Five Stars very nice hub, especially liked are the powered ports
R260ZH1W84JZ03	4	Easy to use. I like the arm band/phone case because I can gain easy access to the phone and my MapMyRun app on my runs. Didn't use the protector because it's too permanent.
RSEZ1AS1I55J7	5	great lightweight to use for my phone, great price
R3EH21FXFZ38R7	5	Five Stars Fits my phone perfectly and not mention, protects my phone as well
R2YGRE0MVL6SY5	5	Nice case at a nice price I love this case. Easy to hold. Buttons easy access and the gold matches perfectly. I'd buy it again.
R3B2TLNY2ERMUL	5	So far works as advertised. Haven't tried multiple devices ... So far works as advertised. Haven't tried multiple devices at once yet but have charged iPhone 6+ and iPhone 6s.
R3NCL1PFRCE07V	5	Five Stars Great length. Came just as described.
R1CS3YSVRIKXRZ	5	These are amazing! I have ordered several for friends and family These are amazing! I have ordered several for friends and family. The warranty is unbeatable, I actually did drop my phone and it did its job and just shattered the protector. The company sent me a new one at no charge.
R75OAR5P50FWN	1	Worked in the immersion test but immediately ruined the phone ... Worked in the immersion test but immediately ruined the phone first time it was immersed with the phone in it. So you think, you get what you pay for, right?Ruined a phone with a real Lifeproof that had a crack in the edge of the rubbery seal. That one at least worked for a few months but Lifeproof did not honor their warrantee with two of three cases that broke inside the first year. Lies, dishonorable practices and planned obsolescence.
R3JZVYZZA304UK	5	Five Stars Works great!
R3VN4PR5VCQI9T	5	Fast charger. Good quick charge, and also charges very much fast.
RVY8DUP4FMXDQ	5	great item fast shipping Exactly as expected...great item fast shipping.
R1RUM7WTPIF7LT	5	This charging system arrived in easy to open packaging and was simple to assemble I received these in exchange for my honest review.  They arrived promptly and as described.  This charging system arrived in easy to open packaging and was simple to assemble.  My IPhone 6 didn't have a problem connecting and charging with this cable.  They are thicker than some of the less expensive models I've owned in the past.  Love it and would recommend it to anyone.
R1V9PTCAX21VWW	5	Five Stars This is the best car mount holder ever.
R21EBSPVF6DQET	4	Slim case and provides minimal protection. This is an unbiased review of the Maxboost slim case. When I received the product I looked over the overall quality of the product. It is very nice and has all the right cutouts.  I tried putting on the case and it was a little hard, snapping it on was an issue for me. After putting on the case I saw the protection wasn't that great but it's a sacrifice for a slim case. If you buy this case it mostly like getting the Apple cases, without a bigger lip to protect from damage to the front of the device.  The case is very slim, I have a glass screen protector and I recommend if you buy the case your get the Maxboost glass screen protector as well. It's also slim and you won't get a thick protector. Incase you drop your device this is something great to have.
R2P53PT1YRXCF	5	Five Stars excelente
R34V1O3152GEQS	5	Very satisfied with this product. Product arrived quickly, quick to install and works perectly with my Galaxy S 5.
R2WMI1ZDODXSAQ	5	Five Stars Excellent price and quality. Fast delivery.
R237VQDJWC0ZB4	4	Four Stars Fast delivery. Will recommend
R1S2O8PFPN4XBK	5	Five Stars Happy
R1ZHTS9WM82O9Q	1	Five Stars Not five months old and it sucks.
R108HQG8ZKIHWD	5	Excellent guide how to apply it Robust and so far effective. Excellent guide how to apply it.
R39N3Y3XZUDBHQ	5	Five Stars I love it!!!
R31IQLE9R21DBA	3	I'm having my doubts how long it will last I haven't used it yet adn the two prongs are already loose and flimsy.  I'll put some gorilla glue on it before I use it on my next trip to Italy.  I'll update after that.
RFLVVC7MV7818	5	Five Stars excellent quality strap with low price, timely delivery
R1U5SURMKDJA7F	5	Five Stars Works great! Excellent price!
R1OSHQ6H1G0IQH	3	Meh Works well in town, but sound got noisy and fuzzy while up in the mountains.
R3N04KI0LAX29H	3	Three Stars Pretty but no real protection.
RSHOL7NK2X9RM	1	Not worth it :( No longer works after 4 days.  Tried removing the phone case and even using it with no case at all but all attempts are futile.  Save your money and frustration.
R1MUS3XBSV08JG	5	Five Stars my son loves this.
R1C3C3P3B0JR1A	1	They were great until then I purchased these on June 10th, 2015. As of August 27th, 2015, they stopped working.  They were great until then. I got 20 uses out of them before they died. I had a replacement set sent to me, and now the audio will not work on the replacement set. I would say I've had close to 20 uses out of them again this time. I only charged this pair twice before having issues.
R3CSSKWV1FX01R	3	Product broken upon arrival Product arrived on time as expecteded, however product had broken part and bottom looked a little beaten up. I was able to glue piece on. Product works as intended with no real issues. Next time I will make one instead of buying one cause construction is sub par.
R2JFDAE4Q8CJKJ	5	Perfect for my child Bought this for my child for emergency purposes. I love the all the features, esp the ability to connect via wifi.  Even though it has 3g the connection is just was fast as my 4g phone.
R3Q6OK6AJA1SFS	5	Great quality Fast and good quality
RJS4ZVE0ZBVY2	3	Three Stars Not bad
R13683SMBTY9HZ	1	42 days.   Kind of says it all. 42 days. I had planned to write a review based on the quality of this product as it certainly appears both sturdy and well made and it comes in an impressive box.  But I thought I should wait for three months to see if it lasts since it seems that is when it has been failing for many.  Mine lasted 42 days.  I was out of town and didn't take it with me for a week of that time so actually I got just over four weeks use out of it.  There are plenty of choices for 30 pin connectors, but based on a clear failure rate that seems to indicate this won't last for more than 12 weeks and may not last four I highly suggest finding an alternative.  Although it does appear like a well made item, internally it clearly has a fault.  I hate to give anything a one star review but four week's usage is a new low, suggest alternatives to this one.
R2ZYZAC51II8A9	3	and I really liked it. But the only issues I had with ... I received this product, and I really liked it. But the only issues I had with this product was the case was slippery the material could have been made with a material that prevented slippage. Overall the product was good. Will recommend this product.
R2KBVYPNIPWFS9	5	Five Stars beautiful
R3HS7O3Q8ZF6M1	5	Like this case! Perfect for white iPhones This case is pretty cool I must say. I took it out of the packaging and it feels sturdy and extremely durable. I love the pink on pink color combo with the white accent. I have a white iPhone 6 plus so it looks just like the picture. I would not recommend it if you had a black iphone 6 plus. it'll look funny. The other thing is for some reason my iPhone fingerprint does not work with the case because the case edges are kind of lifted to protect the corners a bit more than other cases. Not sure if it is a good thing or bad thing. I also have long nails so maybe those 2 clash. I just took off my passcode and fingerprint so I can get into my phone if I need to. Other than that, super cute, and great price! I received this at discount in exchange for my honest review.
R1NOVR69J1CLX5	4	Four Stars good for price
R9RXVKS1IJ55Z	1	Potentially unsafe in a crash and no audio The really really bad: 1) I think that these headrests are potentially unsafe in a rear-end collision.  They tilt quite far before they hit the tilt limit (the whole headrest tilts, not just the screen) and the connection between the posts (that go into the seat) and the headrest is plastic.  I just am not at all confident that they would actually protect my neck in a rear-end collision.  2) Problem 2 is that the audio did not work.  No sound out when headphones were plugged in (not sure if these have internal speakers or not, but also no sound when no headphones were plugged in.  Checked the operation of the DVD player (working fine), tried a few different head phones, no luck.  Contacted Pyle, and they said to return it.  The good: They fit my car well (2006 Honda CRV) and were fairly easy to install.  There are included post shims for use with cars with different sized head-rest holes (NOTE: 2 of these shims have slots cut in them - the instructions don't say, but I think these are to allow the latch on the seat to engage the notches on the headrest posts) and the posts adjust side-to-side to allow for different post spacings.  There is a mechanism to keep the head-rest centered.
R2Q0WK975IHVS9	4	One Star The clip fell apart the first time I tried to use it. Even though it fell apart the seller stood behind it, Very happy with the seller.
R23MVTDPO88BLL	5	Five Stars Got it for my daughter she loves it
R14HIPW59ZZ0N1	5	More Color Options These bands are probably the best sport bands you can get for the price. Considering apple sells them at $50, I consider these bands are closest to the identical ones that apple sells. I have purchased 2 already and plan to purchase more. I really hope they provide more color options in the future as I will purchase more of them.
R1GPHBPEAVMSBD	5	Five Stars Works great!
RSVIZZG23R3J6	5	Five Stars Excellent
R11FEVMKKE0RK7	5	Then i tested it out like it told me to Alright so i eceived this sample from Maxboost for my unbiased opinions. and here it goes. When it first came in I was EXTREMELY skeptical. BUt let me say, the appearance is deceiving. Initially i thought, waterproof? No way in HELL am I ever going to use this in the water. NOPE! Then i tested it out like it told me to. Ended up going to the lake the SAME day. Of course dropped it in the sand, nothing happen which is awesome because usally taking your phone to the lake or beach or river you ALWAYS manage to take home a little bit of dirt. Anyways I even went swimming with it on my chest, still nothing happen! Of course i still got scared thinking omg omg omg my phone's totally going to be screwed, but NOPE! And i fell in love!! Sure i still got scared but it's soooooo impressive! It looks like it's made out of crappy material but man i even took it to my first music festival!! Highly recommended!!  Protection wise if you drop your phone it probably will crack or something. It's VERY lightweight. So i'd just recommend using it for special occasions.  One thing i didn't like was i was trying to take a video underwater and it wouldn't let me. So even if you want to take photos underwater you'll have to use the button on the side of your phone which is cool too. But i wish you could have taken videos as well. BUt you can't have it all!
R277KKODAV32G3	5	absolutely loved it. Top marks Really very functional - quick delivery, absolutely loved it. Top marks!
R15W4W28HSQPPF	5	nice quality, holes deep enough for the USB cord ... nice quality, holes deep enough for the USB cord to fit in.  Very pleased.  I would definitely order this product again.
R18QJJG9CVDR8E	5	Five Stars works great, it is better than the one that came with the gps!!!
R2HGVAZEWR7AY9	5	I love It. I love It...
R1P4YAAZH7M3UG	5	Five Stars The case was good quality and exactly as pictured.  A bargain for the price.
R2P0W8CBFDY634	5	Five Stars So far the two we purchase have preformed well. Hope they continue to hold up😉 thx!
RAZVMKK4ZGU0I	5	Cool speaker Love that it's wireless; Bluetooth. I use it on the go. It's loud and clear.
R3EXIUB9VXWJ38	4	Needs improvements but , all in all a good case The phone is very well sealed inside this case, so sealed i have issues getting it opened to chsrge my phone. (Charge cord protective piece is hard to take out) .  I like the wristband it really helps with not dropping the phone. I do not like that is not adjustable. Packaging was great i feel  my phone is safe when it comes to water . So im guving 4 stars. Improve the charge ports seal and the wristband . And ill give this a 5 star and he willong to pay more.
R1HB1K8HFCJWPG	4	Four Stars Very nice and fairly priced
R2RTWNBC21Y88U	5	Five Stars Love my case just as expected
R1F0UUMDU210JQ	5	Does what it says, does what I need. Great product for on the go people.
R339Z93H7XU9QF	3	Scratches off Fits well, it's nice because the bottom is open so you can plug it into docking stations.  Only downside - the image scratches off easily ,
R8ABYV2S4QTPN	5	Five Stars Good quality and good timing of shipping
R233VAUQ4JUH48	2	Turned out inappropriate,to my expectations. The layers in which the phone is inserted, make it very difficult to remove it from the holster. The layers automatically snap off from the phone, making it much too hard, to quickly remove the phone from it's holster and answer calls. This holster case is good to protect the phone from minor damages; however I don't recommend it as a phone belt holster. Additionally, I received it late and with no user instructions. I'm very unsatisfied with this &#34;Holster Case.&#34; I Don't Recommend it.
R3MZ59XH44SBGM	5	Five Stars perfect
R3O1EWTHZJC80P	5	Works great It works great and I received it very fast
R1O87Y3JIS30ZL	5	Five Stars Niceeee!
R1GZ14OYIXJQX1	5	Five Stars Charges devices very quickly
R29X5IB67GZK01	5	Love it I'm Happy with it!!
R3APNLEG9WJX6F	5	Five Stars So far so good.
R1OZD4SOFGF6RH	2	Two Stars Beautiful....but the camera  has stopped working. I tried several  ways to see if it would work, but without success.
RAC9HJWHVTXWX	5	came and i love it Good price and when I asked if they could try to get it her faster they did and I'm extremely satisfied! Came in a nice package plus idk why people were whining about the head phones they were clear and loud to me! Maybe people need hearing checked and or maybe my ears are just really good or maybe some people rather make there ear drums vibrate like crazy till its hard to hear for an hour or something I'm not sure! The only thing is I'm with straight talk so its not the phones fault my internet is so slow!
RV67O7APL5UAL	1	The item is simply crap. Not only that I received it more than ... The item is simply crap. Not only that I received it more than a week to late, the item is not at all like described! CHEAP CHINA PRODUCT!
RSSQ4HM2X2X39	5	Five Stars great
R2FHGTYSX9GB1R	1	One Star It looks so cheap, hard time putting my iPhone inside
R3OL9INIPCIIVL	2	very good shape. Units advertise 35 mile distance units came as described in packaging...very good shape. Units advertise 35 mile distance...I haven't been able to get them to work effectively beyond about a mile...hoping they do better on the water...but so far not what I was looking for in terms of performance.
R2UUFWLH6W92M0	5	Great Product for a reasonable price Great Product for a reasonable price. It does take some time to charge, however, it holds a decent amount of charging power!
R1DAM9YS8PZ303	4	Good price, stable relatively large base clamp using this to take video on my iPhone that requires hands-free or prolonged stability. Pros: Good price, stable relatively large base clamp, stable easy-to-use clamp on the phone end, easy to manipulate the shape of the arm. Cons: when the arm is more fully extended or hangs against gravity far from the clamp, it has a tendency to sway/bounce with minimal disturbance (e.g., wind, vibration).
RE5AZC6KMP8H5	5	Five Stars Amazing product, the most fastest charger ever seen! fully recommended!
RRZ58BYNBU86D	2	Broken! 4 months later It's a great design I like the way it attached to the cover, but the cover spontaneously broke! Kinda disappointed
R3VM9PM5RHZW3C	5	Happy wife happy life I purchased as a gift for my wife and she love it, my strategy was simple 1 apple watch with the sport band in apple store and many bands in amazon.
RPXZZZXIS5L3Y	5	Five Stars great one i like it
R2E8ZKUFA68YH2	5	Best Option Excellent Price  Great product, great quality.
R1QG39MASEFQ53	5	Good Quality I gave this selfie stick as a gift. The person I gave it to really likes it and is happy with it and the quality.
R1LJK32U155C2Y	5	Five Stars Love it
R1CTHC1IS1H0WZ	4	Good vent clip but... This is an okay product. It had a hard time holding my LG G3 without a case and did not fit into the vent very well. It kept on swaying left and right due to the clip not being small enough to create a good grip.
R3JG6CYVFMQDDE	5	Computer to speaker amplifier. This product amplifies my computer output to my free standing speakers, very good sound.
R1QI0PLZIYTLNB	5	Love it!! This is the second time I've ordered this phone case which shows how much I really love it! Very fashionable 💁 the only thing I wish is that the material last a little longer. Other than that loveeee it and the prices are awesome and free shipping 😊😊😊
R2OQ2KYJOCTC62	5	Five Stars Excelente
R6RPTEPYT9J29	4	🌟 Good Capacity / Performance and a Bonus Retractable Lighning Cable 🌟 It's come to my attention that many people don't really understand what they are buying when they buy a power bank, also known as an external battery. So I'd like to start by briefly covering what a power bank is and what the various terms mean that are used when discussing them. If you're already an expert on this topic, please skip the next two paragraphs to read my experience with this product. If you simply want the summary, go to the last paragraph.  A power bank is nothing more than an external battery that you can use to power and / or charge just about any device that has a cord that connects to a power source via a standard USB port. They come in a variety of shapes and sizes and configurations, but there are really only three things to look for when looking at performance. One is the number of USB ports on the device, another is the amperage (listed in milliamps or amps) available through each port and lastly, the total amount of energy stored in the battery, which may be referred to as &#34;capacity&#34; for which the units are usually referred to in milliamps per hour or mAh. If you have a newer Android smartphone or tablet that you want to charge, then you want a power bank that offers a 2 amp USB port. If you have an iPod or iPhone, you can generally get away with a single 1 amp port, but I always recommend having at least one 2 amp port. A power bank with more than one port will, in theory, allow you to charge more than one device at a time. The thing to keep in mind when shopping for a power bank is that manufacturer claims are often inflated to at least some degree. The most often exaggerated feature is the mAh capacity of a power bank and total amperage output is a close second. Capacity is important because more capacity allows you more device &#34;up-time&#34; per charge on the bank.  Over the past several years, I've been asked by a variety of sellers to test and review their power banks, and while I always did my best to accurately review each item, it was impossible to get precise, quantitative data on the performance of the banks because the only way to do so is if you have proper testing equipment. You can give anecdotal evidence like &#34;It charged my tablet quickly,&#34; but you really can't measure the mAh capacity and the amperage put out at the USB ports with any kind of accuracy. Writing informative and accurate reviews is extremely important to me, so I've since acquired testing equipment that allows me to get precise and accurate data regarding the capabilities of a power bank or charger; and I have to admit I'm excited to finally know without a doubt that I'm giving accurate information about a product.  All that being said, here's what I found with the OLALA C2-i 6000mah Portable Charger ...  It has 1 USB port and one built-in retractable Lightning plug on a 2 inch wire, a power button and a four light blue power level indicator and roughly measures 6&#34; x 2 1/2&#34; x 3/8&#34;. The built-in Lightning cable has a 90 degree end that is too wide to fit my iPod Touch 5G with its Otterbox Defender case installed, so I had to trim the insulating rubber surrounding the plug with a razor blade (see picture) and it now fits and charges my iPod just fine.  I received my sample of this product and fully charged the device, which took only a short time, as it was mostly charged on arrival.  Using a Load Inducer, I placed a 2.4 amp load on the USB port and was able to draw that power for 5 minutes without issues. Next I used the load inducer and a power monitor that measures total power consumed (mAh), and placed 1.8 amp load on the power bank, and it provided 3,580mAh at 5 volts (4,838 mAh at 3.7 volts). I charged the unit back up and ran the test again with the power bank ultimately putting out 3627 mAh at 5 volts (4,901 mAh at 3.7 volts).  Power banks use a 3.7 volt battery, as do most cell phones, but the USB standard is 5.0 volts, so the energy must be converted from 3.7 volts at the powerbank to 5 volts for output, and then back to 3.7 volts for use by the device being charged. Because of the voltage conversion and other factors involved, there will always be some energy lost, so no power bank will put out 100% of stated capacity to the device to be charged.  In summation, this power bank is capable of putting out 2.4 full amps and it will easily put out a steady 1.8 amps (and maybe more) for the duration of the charge, which is more than enough to charge any device you might have. Having a power button helps keep the bank from slow draining when not in use, and the blue LED lights indicating percent of power remaining and charge status is definitely a plus. 4,900 mAh is enough to greatly extend the battery life of a tablet, and charge pretty much any phone two or three times. My testing indicates this power bank puts out 82% of advertised capacity and that puts it somewhere in the range of &#34;good&#34; to &#34;very good&#34;. Anything above 90% of stated capacity is considered excellent and of the dozens of power banks I've tested and reviewed, only one or two have broken the 90% milestone. This power bank does a good job, and I'd like to rate it 5 stars; but the 29.99 price tag (at time of review) makes it a little on the expensive side for a power bank with its capacity. Still, the built in Lightning cable is an added value that most of the competition doesn’t have and that may very well make this a worthwhile buy for iOS users. I’d rate it 4.5 stars if it were possible, but I can’t do that, so given the good performance and the uncommon feature of a built in Lightning cable, I’m going to round my rating up and not down.  🌟 Complimentary Product Received for Testing and Unbiased Review 🌟ts, so the energy must be converted from 3.7 volts at the powerbank to 5 volts for output, and then back to 3.7 volts for use by the device being charged. Because of the voltage conversion and other factors involved, there will always be some energy lost, so no power bank will put out 100% of stated capacity to the device to be charged.  In summation, this power bank is capable of putting out 2.4 full amps and it will easily put out a steady 1.8 amps (and maybe more) for the duration of the charge, which is more than enough to charge any device you might have. Having a power button helps keep the bank from slow draining when not in use, and the blue LED lights indicating percent of power remaining and charge status is definitely a plus. 4,900 mAh is enough to greatly extend the battery life of a tablet, and charge pretty much any phone two or three times. My testing indicates this power bank puts out 82% of advertised capacity and that puts it somewhere in the range of &#34;good&#34; to &#34;very good&#34;. Anything above 90% of stated capacity is considered excellent and of the dozens of power banks I've tested and reviewed, only one or two have broken the 90% milestone. This power bank does a good job, and I'd like to rate it 5 stars; but the 29.99 price tag (at time of review) makes it a little on the expensive side for a power bank with its capacity. Still, the built in Lightning cable is an added value that most of the competition doesn’t have and that may very well make this a worthwhile buy for iOS users. I’d rate it 4.5 stars if it were possible, but I can’t do that, so given the good performance and the uncommon feature of a built in Lightning cable, I’m going to round my rating up and not down.  🌟 Complimentary Product Received for Testing and Unbiased Review 🌟
RTD0N9KAPTI0Y	5	Quick charge This was a gift. My husband says it charges his iPad very quickly.
R20HB54O03Q20L	5	... but I've dropped it twice and it certainly acts like a hard case It's a soft case but I've dropped it twice and it certainly acts like a hard case!  Colors are great.  Had several comments.
R1WK8LUSX0BAT4	5	Just what I needed Worked out perfectly
R16KOEIEYWL6B1	5	Using it for my Samsung Galaxy Note 5 on my ... Using it for my Samsung Galaxy Note 5 on my work desk. It will hold the phone vertically without falling over.
R1KSHPGF0LXB41	5	Good protection, Stylish design, Good feel in the hand. This is a great case, stylish, rugged.  It does add a bit of bulk, but less than others with a similar level of protection.  Feels good in the hand.  It makes my HTC One M9 feel like a Moto X, Which I always like the feel of.
R1MJ1E7SKOOD22	5	Five Stars Love this. Wish it had a wrist strap but otherwise it is great.
R3EFA0V7HG8OHK	5	Beautiful Case I really love this case. It looks exactly as described in the photo. It's so chic and classy. One of my favorite cases thus far. Great find :)
RHMDZ36P15WL4	5	Lasts a long time. I'm really liking this thing.  It is sad that the phone chews up battery so quickly but this turns out to be the answer.  Of course, I no longer have a thin and svelt phone ... it does stick out a bit now.  But no so much as you'd think.  I'd put up with a much thicker battery if it would last twice as long as this one.  As to metrics, I've gone from getting about 4-5 hours standby with the OEM battery to a full day or longer with this.  It is wonderful to not have to pack a couple of spares and two chargers when I go out.
R1CHOCAQOLLSOS	5	good fix This was a good fit I like that the key board is very secure and won't fall out. The color is darker than I expected, but is still OK.
R2UP6FB8WE8FZU	4	Four Stars good grip
R5PR4A1NME8NU	5	Five Stars nothing is wrong
R1EY6MKKQE785W	4	Four Stars they work as advertised..
R3HZHHEMI44G7Z	5	Five Stars Love this case! I use it everyday and it's saved my phone on many occasions
R4LUUJCBLT8S9	5	Nice case! I ordered the grey one, but it came gold.  And I actually really like it better.  I also didn't realize it had the screen cover, but I really like that too.  Especially that you can answer the phone without opening it.  Nice, durable, and it looks great.
RW0LM2MY96P59	4	Price is just right This is my second purchase of the same product. Fits my ebook reader perfectly with a very reasonable price
R3PT6E9K5TPHFH	3	Three Stars Does not charge the battery any faster than plugging the Virb directly into a USB port.
R2IAFQXIZDGJVX	1	Waste of money! This item sucks!!  Had it on my phone for not even ten minutes and when i go to slide my finger down on the screen the whole screen protector moved with my finger. The screen doesnt stay stuck to my phone. It is pointless and a useless product.  Waste of money
R6C2UQJYS7LMQ	5	Great! I would definitely recommend this to my friends Eventually, I found something working well in my car!  Now I don't have to hold my iphone all the time!  Great!  I would definitely recommend this to my friends!
R1D4N93UUIOQAC	5	Five Stars I love it sounds great
R30UE3IKTY22BI	5	Great value Great valueg
R2EPIH7ER7T29T	5	Five Stars like the camera feature and photos taken w/ the phooe are clear and nice
R146UH1TN1P9QB	5	Note 2 which was a great phone, but it started to get slow this ... I've recently upgraded from my old 3 year old? Note 2 which was a great phone, but it started to get slow this year and I knew I had to upgrade. After watching a few YouTube videos I felt that this phone was the fastest on the market when it comes to multitasking (which I do a lot.) It's been about a month since I bought the One M9 and all I can say is &#34;impressive, fluent, unique, and beautiful&#34; the fastest phone I've ever held, the longest battery life I've ever seen, it's durable, loud, vivid and eye catching. Everything you could want in a phone even if you are an iOS or Windows OS user :)
R139DDAD9WR7GX	5	Five Stars Great!
R1QU02UU0WEHLF	3	so so Its OK but I expected it to keep charge longer than one day.
R7SADJXYWLN4N	5	Five Stars I love it went to the beach and swim under water with it recorded video
R1QUS54KJEWBE8	3	Good for a temporary case. Came a day early before the earliest estimated date!I looks nice,feels comfortable,and seems somewhat protective. But, around the camera the cutout looks as if it were cut on the right side. This case also tends to slip off the phone at times, which caused my tempered glass to shatter due to lack of protection.
RMTB8JZT39X7N	5	This is a great case for the phone This is a great case for the phone. I am a big fan of the OtterBox cases. They WILL protect your phone. Please be aware though that the cases are large and make the phone bulky so just be ready for that.
R1OSN2DFD1ZNGH	5	Five Stars Love it, every now and then it falls down but its still good.
R220BCFL89UXDK	5	Good quality and came the next day Just what I ordered. Good quality and came the next day.
R36GGLH2BHY4M8	2	Seller was easy to accommodate the refund but I should not have ... Battery arrived dead. I charged it but would not hols a charge. Seller was easy to accommodate the refund but I should not have had to pay for the return shipping since the product was obviously defective.
RX8K020OO6R8	1	I have had this product since June 2015 and it ... I have had this product since June 2015 and it would not take a charge after 3 months. Vendor not willing to exchange. What a disappointment
R15K9JX57EEX1M	4	Just a little small in width for Note 4 with UAG case A little too small in width for galaxy Note 4 with UAG case, but it can fit in and the velcro is secure.
R39JL2TH21BR7N	1	One Star Didn't fit, case seemed to small at the bottom so my phone wouldn't really sit in it.
R3439CHLPL15I	4	Four Stars very well made and super strong
R3IB1MVL789Y3R	5	the best lifesaver
R3RTAP4JEGGB5	5	AWESOME PHONE MOUNT [[VIDEOID:b135924d8428172912fc2f7a7fb3739]] This mount held my phone without any problems while I was driving down a dirt road at high speed.
R1WBAUMVOY9A8P	5	Fits perfectly into the S5 with very little work needed ... Fits perfectly into the S5 with very little work needed. Wonky delivery system, but still arrived quickly. If my friend broke her charging port cover for a third or more time, I'd buy this again.
R2GW1QYR76ZG61	2	Does not stick well. I've had a similar product before that lasted me over a year. This thing fell off within a day...
R1I7AHUSUZ09D7	5	Five Stars Great adapters
R3137Z7FKG22DV	3	Not good material to be goIng in and out of your ... Not good material to be goIng in and out of your pocket.it does hold up well so the product was just okay..fast shipping
R31BXS0FOUM2CJ	5	Five Stars Looks great, feels great, and arrived on time!  Thanks!
R30TYIJBMEH779	1	One Star It's low quality and it didn't fit my phone
R42ZW4HVWIAAQ	5	Five Stars Good headsets. Work well and hold a charge for a long time.
R3TFF1JHX8PPV8	5	Five Stars wife loves it
R2IGHQH1M01RD	1	One Star They would not charge iphone 6 and iPad 4
R2IGPK8ZAGHU88	5	BUY ONE NOW Seriously the best glass screen protector out there. I highly recommend it and would choose this every time. Their cases are great as well.
RUYODCWW7T6K2	4	It is useful when you exercise It is useful when you exercise. Do not go heavily into the pocket. And you can use both hands freely. Especially if you like jogging would be a very useful item. Thanks to the secret deal club who can experience inexpensive.
R2RL3UCNR7M07	4	Four Stars item arrived quicker than expected and works great.
R2E7CIQR7IE35F	5	Five Stars great product
R23KPM16D86TM5	5	NIce to have it when driving This Liger XS400 is very manageable to use especially when you are driving and wants to talk using your phone hands-free. It is very lightweight and can be rotated depending on your comfort level. You can use it for either left or right ear and the earpiece doesn't hurt your ear. I have tried it using my iPhone 6, iPad table and Samsung Galaxy tab and all works perfectly fine as long as you can connect it to a bluetooth. I did not have any problem with the sound and speech volume. This only come in one piece so don't get frustrated if you only see one, the purpose is to make use of the device at a portable state. I got this at a promotional rate to give honest feedback on the product and it has served its purpose well.
R2JMRMCR238FRJ	4	Good deal for the money Good deal for the money.  Offers some protection from impact, and makes the phone less likely to slip around and get damaged.
R14XXHJQUZT2PT	5	Five Stars Shipped quickly and works perfectly! It even came with a screen protector.
R3JA68QYTICKQ8	4	Four Stars husband loves it
R1845SLJ0CNDNI	1	I've bought Vera Bradley cases on Amazon before for cheap ... Was disappointed with the case and even more when I realized the back cover was coming off straight out the box but the customer service was great despite that.
R23ZEACPSZQLZ	3	Royce Tracker - drains batteries (2) For some reason, this tracking unit doesn't keep battery power.  In other words, I have not really been able to test it out because it is using up batteries in a matter of days.  When I have tried it, it seems a bit vague as to whether the tracked location is close-by, near-by or in the general area.  (Not specific enough to be helpful).  Good concept but not useful due to the battery (CR2032) issue.
R184Z8021PT8OV	4	no flash for the camera and is pretty mediocre. If you don't need the battery life ... Absolutely outstanding battery life and water resistant, for these two reasons I bought it to double as my bike computer.  Now onto the weaknesses, no flash for the camera and is pretty mediocre.  If you don't need the battery life I would go for the latest moto G instead for the better screen and camera.
R3PYCIMB65RR9F	5	Five Stars Perfect cover for my ASUS phone....
R2CYBAO9ITJ753	5	Perfect case. It is incredibly thin Perfect case. It is incredibly thin, looks excellent, and provides great protection for your phone. You really couldn't ask for more out of a case. I would pick it over Otterbox every time.
R2CQCQ6NPPNLMN	2	Connectivity is good though. Also After a few days, my ear started hurting. I have normal sized ears. Connectivity is good though. Also, only one piece is included.
R12WG1J0YPZWEN	5	Works well Stays on good and looks nice!
R34VXSNGBBLR6H	4	Nicely built A highly affordable and nicely built six port USB power adapter that comes handy all around home and while travelling. Working without any problems so far.
R2LYWGT2Y5LDF5	1	Cheap and Flimsy I don't think this case would ever hold up to even a day of my life!
R2VY8BBPK5445V	1	not very pleased with this product center metal screen rusted out quickly, not very pleased with this product.
R1EIGPL34NTWGQ	5	Five Stars Thank you for your dealings and goods Good
R30MK0TA43YOT9	1	Worthless piece of junk Biaoge should be ashamed of themselves for offering such a worthless piece of junk. This item broke the second day of use! If they have any integrity, they will contact me to offer a full refund. Read the reviews and look elsewhere.
R3LSHBFDYV2HLI	5	Five stars Wow! For these items I received an amazing PROMO Code and all I have to do was write a review. Best deal ever, can't get these in store. I will shop with them again in the future.
R8XTP9N7D68CF	5	Five Stars Awesome product. i would totally recommend it!! Small speaker but with great sound quality. Radio works just fine.
R1U90VSOQP0U2X	2	love phone, volume went out in less than a week I was so excited about getting this phone. I like the size and all the features. It arrived just as expected in two days. I had phone for a week now. Today, all of a sudden when I went to make a call, the receiver can not hear me. I did everything told to get volume, nothing works. Looks like I will have to send phone back.....disappointed
R1KHQHLQMTXF1H	5	Satisfied with my purchase Product was exactly what expected and advertised.  Satisfied with my purchase.
R1DGWTFPXC63UE	4	It works It works it charges my phone, its cheap enough and looks decent, its hard to find high quality accessories for anything not an iPhone, which is a little bit of a head scratcher for certain Android flagship phones like docks with speakers and high quality cases specifically I've been looking for a waterproof case for my galaxy note 4 none of the big names make one, but they have several for each gen iPhone. Wow this one got off topic quick, bottom line this dock fits and works not the most elegant but more then suitable for what I need it for.
R1TZB8J0FUN5VS	5	Really good case with a strong magnet. Really good case with a strong magnet. Good feel. The slot on the inside is glued shut and you have to carefully use a sharp knife edge to open the glue joint holding its edge shut. Warning, the slot puts a portion of what ever card you have in it on top of a strong magnet and that will wipe out a magnetic stripe so I suggest not using the slot at all with any card that has a mag stripe ;)
R2BOIWISW7KH7D	5	Five Stars Very nice
R38HINGPQ4YJWE	5	Replacement Was told to upload a picture to process replacement. Very nice looking but was cracked.
R38WPN1EV3Q9IM	5	great case! Prompt shipping, great case!
R2J9T7WMBICYNG	1	DON'T BUY THESE! Do not buy. These head phones broke after 3 days after i bought them.
R38UPCSRU48KRY	5	Love the case Love the case, it's tough, easy to grip and textured so you can hold onto it easily. The fit is perfect, not to tight that it's a fight to get it on or off. The graphics could be a little sharper, that's my only criticism.  Delivery was much faster than the listing said.
R1D9W7DZ5M4FBO	5	Charges Fast Charges really fast. I like it and the length.
R3OC98L3JHE1VS	1	Would not buy again Fell apart within two weeks
R28KON76XRKHJ4	2	Dust gets stuck under areas with no adhesive. Useless. The design of the edge to edge ballistic glass screen protector for iPhone 6 plus is pretty much garbage. The ONLY sticky part on the protector is on the actual active screen area. The other sections do NOT adhere to the screen, but instead FLOAT there. This means DUST gets stuck under it and blocks the camera and sensors on the front face. How ridiculous of a design! I wish I could get my money back for this garbage.
R1A1WD01ZHNXE8	5	great product Great product.  I've used other types in the past, and this is the best by far.
R1409CO6D7J1TH	5	Thanks RavPower This is an amazing product.  I have been very impressed with the charging time.  It is also very easy to transport using the caribeener hooks included.
R2XZRU2IUUXNHA	5	I phone 6 plus case Super cute! Cases for my I phone 6 plus are very limited I have noticed, especially when it comes to cute girly prints.  This is absolutely adorable because pink is my favorite color and I love the two different shades of pink together.  I love that it's very simple to just put on and take off.  This also comes with an excellent screen protector too!  This is a wonderful phone case!  I received this at a discounted price for my honest and unbiased opinion.
R3NCVL7RI3N9UF	4	Great sound for a small area Great sound for a small area, kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, by the pool, on the beach etc. but for dinners and parties you need to go bigger.
RZPATTDTHHD3Q	5	Nice Bluetooth smart phone Watch. Watch as durable it's a nice thick rubber style band Durable.  Screen size is perfect viewing the best you can get for a watch. It has all the capabilities of a normal phone would have. But it sure beats the price of those iPhones.  I plan on getting a Nother one. And I did receive this for a heavily discounted/free to give a honest review on.
R1HG8UR7WIF5DP	5	Absolutely love. Received my order faster than expected too Absolutely love. Received my order faster than expected too. Exactly like the picture and fits my Note 4 perfectly.
RZJN3XUK0ZGMB	5	Five Stars It works
R2CKWIJNETZPRS	5	The battery works as expected, restoring my phone's battery ... The battery works as expected, restoring my phone's battery life to what I estimate is comparable to its original life when my Nexus 5 was new. I've been using the replacement for three weeks with no problems.
R3IBBVXRRUMKVS	5	It was a gift for my son and he was ... It was a gift for my son and he was thrilled with it. It's doing it's job and keeping his phone protected.
R1GXQV1B8AE2GA	5	As listed! Good fit.
R2MH3GX7R2DGAE	1	burning plastic beware Seems to work fine for a few weeks but...... As time goes by 1,2 have stop working.  I was hoping the new and improved cords would be better.  I have burn marks near the connector.  And smells of burning plastic
RA7NVA23WC8NB	5	I used this glass screen protector to protect my new ... I used this glass screen protector to protect my new LG G3.  So far, it has kept my screen scratch, dust, and crack free.  Admittedly, I haven't dropped my phone, but I've heard the glass screen protectors act as a sacrificial screen should it drop and it will crack before your screen does.  I paired this protector with a slim case and together, they look stock on the phone but I feel protected. [[ASIN:B00XKHSZKC LG G3 case, Caseology® [Daybreak Series] Slim Fit Shock Absorbent Cover [Drop Protection] LG G3 case]]
R1P13M14AG0MPD	2	Two Stars These headphones are great for light activity, but do not stay in your ears for long distance running.
RXFSY2LAFDWO7	3	Three Stars Sounds good just a little on the generic side but good for the price
R2R9EW8T0BW6EM	1	One Star The end piece seperated
R2X4QNRZJ14RT3	5	Five Stars it was just what we wanted
R18FVQV15CQZCX	4	great pouch, but too snug with Otterbox Defender This is a great pouch; HOWEVER, it is NOT suitable for an iPhone 6 in an Otterbox Defender. The case makes the whole thing just too snug. I ordered the next size larger (Iphone 6 Plus (5.5 inch) PU Leather Pouch with Back Clip and Magnetic Closure), which fits perfectly. Before that I had a smaller one for my iPhone 4s. Love these pouches.
R107X04JE1FFZ5	4	Works Perfect Things to note: The Skip/reverse buttons are in opposite locations and when you press the buttons there's an annoying voice that says 'skip foward' or 'play music' I don't like that. All other functions seem to work fine. Battery lasted about one week with normal use (~2 hours a day)
R2E1W5RFWIL6Z3	1	Five Months Use-That's It! Purchased in March 2015.  Stopped working in August 2015.  Hey, no moving parts to fail.  The price seemed right at the time of purchase.  Now five months later it seems I've over paid.  Certainly would not recommend based upon my experience with this product.
R3JH2C02HNQQXT	5	Five Stars It works.
R1I69UK8FYCSZ1	4	Battery does not disappoint! Battery has worked fine after several months of light/moderate use in a standard (non-Smart) cell phone.  Price was great and I am not disappointed in the capability of this slim Samsung battery at all.  Younger &#34;power users&#34; might think otherwise.  It takes a charge as quick as the day I bought it and will go days in between charges (with light use) which is something my Kyocera cell can't do with a fresh Chinese knock-off battery. OEM parts sometimes pay off.  I know it does with my camera batteries.  Just sayin....
R1VM13PBZML5QG	5	Five Stars Excellent. It sure beats the $34.95 that Verizon wanted for the exact same thing.
R25FKKUMJH87QH	4	Four Stars Serves its function well enough, doubles as a light weight wallet for my wife.
RZY78Y0OCZXW0	5	Five Stars I love it
R2R45XAGK07NQL	5	Five Stars love it! great look
R14MYRL3GZOUZL	5	Great Wireless Charging Kit for my iPhone and SamsungS6 I ... Great Wireless Charging Kit for my iPhone and SamsungS6  I purchased this wireless charging kit to use for my iPhone 6 and Samsung S6.  I have the iPhone 6 but my wife has a Samsung S6 phone, due to Samsung S6 is Qi enabled, so the qi pad fits her phone perfectly well. For my iPhone, there is an iPhone receiver kit in the box, I do not need to buy an extra one, it's really helpful.  As soon as I place my iPhone 6 or Samsung S6 on the pad, the pad quickly to start working. Now I just need One charging pad and it’s enough for All our phones.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a wireless charging solution for their iPhone 6 and All Qi-enable phones.
RBGR64RS4O7A8	1	Breaks very easy Very brittle, broke months after purchase. Beautiful image, but weak.
R2EZ68I2SIWQG0	1	Sounds terrible and quality control issues Good customer service lousy product. Died after two weeks and sound quality just awful. They promptly replaced unit but I'll probably just give them away. Wish I had spend more on better brand.
RAUKMFWDWRPF8	4	Four Stars Hard tontake off
R2EAMXOKWL7PQX	5	Five Stars very pretty just what I wanted
R1KYSVCY3W283A	4	Great Case This is a great case that I would recommend to anyone, but I did eventually get another case because it had a stand so.
RS91UEG4X6D1U	5	Five Stars its the best and beautiful case, whatever it change to yellow some days later, but its so nice
RAB9KA6T30N9H	4	Just as expected This was another one of my impulse buys and it was just as expected. Only thing I was concerned about was the kick stand doesn't really work and the case is a little bulky making it hard for me to text when it's on but it hold all my cards perfectly and money safely.
R3GT8QO60SEUZV	5	Five Stars Great my daughter loves it
R1GNP9YW3ENO4G	4	Fits the alcatel one touch It fit just right, could have been little thicher
R16SUOCSHQ1QRL	4	Awesome case does what it says! Awesome case, handily you can charge the case separately to the phone which speeds up charge time! Only complaint is the speaker reroute is not very good; sounds a bit tinny I drilled two extra holes in the bottom to allow sound to escape the case; seems to have sorted that issue nicely! Just looks like there is a headphone jack hole on both sides :)
RF36P6FUS6BNK	1	Not Apple Certified?!  Kind of makes a difference..... I attempted to plug my first device (iPhone 5) in when I went to bed.  I received a message stating that the cable was not certified.  Well, no good there.  Considering the listing stated that it WAS, in fact, certified?!  So I went over to my computer and attempted to plug the same device directly into one of it's many USB slots.  No dice!  The next day, I grabbed device #2,...an iPhone 6 PLUS.  I attempted to charge it with the cable.  Once again,..same message.  The final device, and iPhone 5S was plugged in.  Of course, I got the &#34;not certified&#34; message again.  ****I've included pictures of all three devices and messages.****  I received this product in exchange for an unbiased/honest review.
RYXI7M270DY7Q	5	but super protective. Love it  Lightweight, but super protective. Love it 💫💫💫
R1PPNX0X1UCRG3	1	One Star not leather
RV1PKA4E18MLG	5	Works perfect Fit perfectly, stopped my phone from overheating when using with the wallet case.
R1KVDW9O8R5UBT	5	Five Stars Absolutely love this. It does what it says it'll do & it doesn't it with style
R1D9ZITA3W4ORR	5	Five Stars Nice high quality cover for a very smart price!
R2LHNA0J34YO3G	5	Stylish & Quiet Love the blue collar that makes our male Weimaraner stylish and quiet!
R2WVHKF2N2VVR1	5	🌟 Only the Second 4 Port DC Charger I've Seen 🌟 I've reviewed dozens of DC chargers, but this is only the second one I've seen that offers four charging ports and my testing indicates it performs exactly as the advertising claims.  I tested this charger using the same methodology that I employ in the testing of every AC or DC charger I review. Using a [[ASIN:B00KFS4Y1I USB Power Load Inducer and Tester]], I tested each of the ports and was able to maintain a 2.4 amp load on each port. I then left the load inducer on one port set at 2.4 amps while plugging in a Galaxy Note 3, S5 and ASUS T100 10 inch tablet, which I know from experience to draw 1.65 amps, 1.4 amps and 1.6 to 1.8 amps respectively. I allowed this test to run for fifteen minutes and encountered no issues with the charger.  My test results show this charger to be a very good product. In this case, being capable of charging four high energy devices simultaneously; and at the price of $12.99 (at time of review) this is priced very competitively. I like it and until something better comes around, this is one charger I won't be giving away.  🌟 Complimentary Product Received for Testing and Unbiased Review 🌟
R316QU42IQB7DV	5	Five Stars GREAT SOUNDING LOW PROFILE SUB
R2JX7C6S0QPRE4	5	Maxboost glass screen protectors are the best hands down!!! After purchasing many brands and types of screen protectors over the years, Maxboost HD glass screen protectors will be the only screen protectors I will ever buy from now on. Extremely easy to apply as long as you follow the simple directions and have a few minutes of patience to get it straight. Currently we only have two iPhones with this screen protector on them for almost a year now. Neither has yet to show any signs of scratches or chipping, even after one too many accidental falls and hits. It has never shown any issues with the touch screen functionality, nor any lifting around the edges. If applied properly, you would never know it was there. Major perk buying one on Amazon is the price and lifetime warranty that you get. Buying any brand (plastic or glass) screen protector from your local store, starts out at around $25 and up. Save your money and protect your phone with the Maxboost brand on here!!!
R2FPNOZBDOULDX	3	Not a true Full Body case as titled. I ... Not a true Full Body case as titled. I later saw it says in the description that it does not have a built in screen protector.
R3UBUC35C1PVY	3	The case seems to be pretty good. it is watertight The case seems to be pretty good . it is watertight ,the finger print ID on my phone still works, but the screen part seems to scratch easy.
R3F4M6A2SYI8BS	1	FALSE ADVERTISEMENT This case DOES NOT fit a IPHONE 5C, I recently purchased it for my daughter and was extremely upset once I received it. The case is too small. The seller clearly states in the item description that it fits an &#34;IPHONE 5C&#34;...not worth the purchase, time to return and dispute #OVERIT!!
R3GUU504K8MIX1	5	Right Size - Right Price This is such a neat, compact device.  Love it!
R78B1W9GVBOPG	4	I'm looking to buy 3 more blue family and for ... I'm looking to buy 3 more blue family and for is asking for this blu because they are doing fantastic
RI2B8WLALWVZF	5	LG2 ULAK Case Excellent in every respect.  The case exceeded my expectations.  Compact, rugged, and secure.  It was delivered on time with a stylus and screen protector.
R1TD843HUQ308F	5	Five Stars Love it! My phone is charging faster plus it doubles as a micro to std USB chord.
REJC67O2M3TNK	5	Five Stars it's great!
R1D5XKN2DL0VN7	5	Five Stars You may want to try ringke but this one is also ok
R3R0JJ9JB2HXTQ	5	Five Stars pretty
R2AKJPZ9HV13HL	5	I'M THRILLED! In that this item is EXACTLY what I needed and isn't easily available locally......I'm thrilled! (OK, maybe it doesn't take much to thrill me these days....)
R1JI7OVLMAD32A	1	The first day it worked great. The second day it would not sync and ... I would have given this 5 stars, however syncing with bluetooth has been a major problem. The first day it worked great. The second day it would not sync and I had to unpair and then pair it up again and got it to work.  The third day even unpairing and trying to pair again would not work and I cannot get them to sync.
R1C71CJGGIRI3K	4	Four Stars was nice and slim fitting and slid into my pocket easily
R1QP3D8T2YD53N	1	Broke within 3 weeks. the actual metal piece that ... Broke within 3 weeks.  the actual metal piece that attached to your phone came out as if it wasn't even attached in the first place.  I have never seen one break that way.  It just came out in its entirety.
R3D1F3VDUV77PM	5	Very happy with the screen protector Arrived quicky and works as stated. Very happy with the screen protector
R2L1WIIQQTVO4E	4	Good Magner Very good car phone magnet all round.
R27HQYGUZAY8SH	3	For an inexpensive smart watch great For an inexpensive smart watch great.  No wifi which would be nice and take notice of the phone carries sim card that this watch will except.  There might be a way to get them all to work, not sure how myself.
R2KSI8VUNYNPD9	5	Five Stars Great product
R2Z4O1LJNKS1BR	5	Five Stars ggreat!
R1AZAED70UBJ2M	2	Two Stars It's a cool bumper, but it doesn't really protect the phone.  It also broke quickly.
R3M0V6EIAEQIPN	5	powerfull This is a great a product with enough power to charge multiple devises at the same time very fast yet using only one outlet. Very happy with my purchase
R1GZOGM6FCWG4W	5	Five Stars Works perfectly with my M9 phone. I was able to get my phone fix!
R1OJAFXG3ILWA8	5	Exquisite Design I got my case today ..I love the color and the fit.
RB889CRWKDM75	5	Very satisfied! Color was a perfect match with phone just ... Very satisfied!  Color was a perfect match with phone just as stated.  Couldn't be happier!!
R2IJAL2O0QUV4M	4	Very waterproof but hard to use submerged This case goes above and beyond to protect my phone from the elements. I took it on a river tubing trip and tied the lanyard around the handle of my tube. At one point my phone was in the water bumping along the rocks beneath my tube for about an hour. No damage, lanyard held up great. (My note 4 also had a screen protector on it so the screen didn't get hurt). Another occasion I took it to the beach and went swimming with it in the ocean. Took pictures and videos. The only thing thats tricky is when the phone is submerged it doesn't really work well. The plastic clings to the screen and the phone thinks you're touching it all over the place. So it can be hard to zoom and take photos. Works better if you leave a little air in the bag when sealing it. The less the plastic clings to the screen the better.
R3U5QAXM0MDAL3	5	Five Stars Item was great and will recommend
R1W09KEBUS6WR7	5	Five Stars Very Exellent
R1MVJCXY6Q7AN	5	If your looking for a cheap touch screen and don't ... If your looking for a cheap touch screen and don't care about Bluetooth then this is your unit!! Installation was a breeze all wires are colored as they should be, unit performs all tasks flawlessly very impressed for an 85 dollar unit!
R203AHMMHFDKFP	3	Three Stars Case was too heavy/bulky
R4WFYW8DBQW2M	5	Good price and quality! Great product!
RLEJA8XTMAPY9	5	Five Stars LOVE MY NEW BLU PHONE..
R3KN34L4AAHDL1	4	Nice product It was a genuine product and I love using it. The case looks like a genuine leather and it is strong enough to hold the tablet and safe gaurd it.
R3S9L26OIRE9QO	3	I just received today 08/31/2015 but, it doesn't fit ... I just received today 08/31/2015 but, it doesn't fit my Galaxy S5 Active.  I will have to look for another Armband.
RKJBSAF9UPL8I	5	Five Stars great case. handed the phone down to my son and he still has it on the phone.
R169QEJN7F4GT	5	Five Stars One of the best screen protectors ever!
R2IM70SYZUB8B5	5	Five Stars Good battery but slightly on heavier side.
R14RMPO2LHAOGD	2	took it to Verizon to verify it was a bad phone. Now I am gun shy on ordering ... I had to send a new phone back to the company and pay for postage which they say the put back into my account. Lots of time. New phone did not work, took it to Verizon to verify it was a bad phone.Now I am gun shy on ordering a phone now and what if I have to send that one back. This was for my son who is still currently using a borrowed phone.
R2WO1C4Q7TXGLV	3	Three Stars Glad I only paid $1.50 for this because the metal piece that goes into the phone bent right away!
R1GI4W04JEGMZ5	4	It's a very nice case but... I really like this case but it just tends to break from the bottom part because its thing in there, I wish they could make the exact same case but made of aluminum, they do have one that's it's made of metal or whatever but it doesn't look like this one so that's why I don't get it.
RAGUZIEXZ02GO	1	One Star I'm having so many issues wit this phone... Either the calls drop or I get no service 😔😔😔
R1X9AZ238KXENY	5	Five Stars Great item and fast delivery
R2FYORA10N2R8O	5	Five Stars Very easy to put on, really like the life  Time warranty
R26SEPHC8WLYSN	5	Five Stars Love it.
R1L117RY81FP2Z	5	Five Stars great
R1F6K929WZ46N4	5	Five Stars Love it
R245DZJRKTEC0R	5	awesome product Awesome product very thin and very easy to put on and doesn't get in the way of my case, I will be recommending this to my friends
R2XEWVR93GQ3RB	1	Purchased the charger for my husband. After 2 weeks ... Purchased the charger for my husband. After 2 weeks it broke. The front unit popped out. Hoping this is fluke. I plan on returning it.
RNGTYEDPNS324	5	Five Stars Good product .
R1DI3SQ87B6P1B	5	worth a try if ur new to blue very good. blue tooth setup easy. sound quality very good. fits and stays snug in ears. best blue tooth headphones I've had!
R135722T8DR61C	5	Solid product if you're in the market. Solid product if you're looking for a selfie stick. Solid build quality, highly recommended.
R231VHQ7DNCGVP	5	do what ever the apple cable do with better quality and durability sync, charge, do what ever the apple cable do with better quality and durability.
R3T1QBUSM6Y3CU	5	Nice shield with easier than average installation. Nice price on a nice shield. It was easy to install. Still going strong after about a year.
R2P18WFA0WPSB4	5	Five Stars exactly what I needed
RLOU25Z885B3V	1	worst batteries ever What a waste of money and time Ordered 2 chargers last week They were fine for the first week then both of them stopped working Called amazon and returned both of them Still i had to pay for shipping. Do not buy this.
RBH7HH1AIYT07	1	Do not buy I would give it 0 stars if I could. It doesn't work at all doesn't fit my phone at all. It feels like it was never supposed to work.
R3KWG3RMS30NN4	3	I don't like having all my personal items exposed when I have ... the product is strong and durable but I wish it had a flap to hide the credit cards, license, etc when you are talking on the phone.  I don't like having all my personal items exposed when I have it up to my ear.  Otherwise, excellent product and strong.
R23WA761YIE8OV	5	Nice basic phone Very basic phone that helped us stay connected on a trip to Europe.
R2MBB2HQD6LXXU	5	Five Stars Perfect accessory. Worked so well on last trip. No slippage. Why didn't I get this sooner?
R2RB1FQ7CBQ6PD	5	Five Stars Perfect
R1WPGR6JX6UWRU	1	One Star I can not take off my cover on my iPod touch 5
R37LLWW9NV9PIK	3	I like that it is glass which is better than those ... I like that it is glass which is better than those thin plastic protectors. However, no matter how hard I tried I couldn't get a perfectly clean screen. There are tiny pin size imperfections, maybe caused by the adhesive on the sticky side. They aren't bubbles or dirt, just imperfections. Also, the protector does not cover the entire screen because the new phones have curved glass on the edges and they inform you that these are designed to be flat. They can't make the protector full size because it would allow dust to get under the curved part.
R2LZVHHJD8MNI4	5	Perfect for my Works well! Perfect for my phone
RKATNO62GZ3YP	5	Five Stars Great
ROXP2GTY37CN3	5	Five Stars I love it
R3K8WHCY8AFXMR	5	robser08 Its excellent and looks like the original gold color of the phone. The touch screen works cery good
R2SJZI8EOSLITD	5	Five Stars They work fantastic
R2PJ0Y5XRRN0P9	5	Five Stars Amazing, does what it is supposed to do; protect your phone from water
RCTNSRWN3WUOG	4	Great car mount IF you have horizontal air vents. I was so looking forward to this but it doesn't fit my car's VERTICAL air vent. I gave it to a family member. It was so easy to setup and use. It would have been perfect if it would fit MY car. I didn't want the kind that sticks to the window.
R2K1OT8BDKD56L	4	Four Stars fit perfectly..
R39DXKYVBYDW2F	1	One Star Very low quality and unbalanced structure.
R266UVKTW9ICJI	4	lovre it!! Love this case!!
R2AZSGC0P31YSS	5	Apple iPhone 5s I had to really consider purchasing a used iphone, but after a lot of research, this one seemed the best for the price and condition. I have had no real problems with it and now I don't even think about it being used.  In fact, I love it!  The one time I had to call the company I purchased it from, they were very responsive.
R2VG9JL1DDTPB	4	Have managed to get some pretty awesome selfies It interfaced with my old Galaxy S3.  I'm still working on figuring it out.  Sometimes I even have trouble getting it to turn on. That cannot be operator error!  Have managed to get some pretty awesome selfies.
R25CVFHY2WB062	5	I would say it's a cream-color instead of pink. But I like it. It's not as pinky as you see online. It's more close to cream-color? But i like it.
RB0JBPT0QMBCH	5	and will fit comfortably in your Really protects your phone, and will fit comfortably in your pocket
R3T9AJL3HIOXZY	5	Five Stars Great product at discount price. Seller delivered as listed.
R2VBA70YD12A2L	5	Best product Best product, no worries where to connect your device.
R1DILFBHJBSB43	5	Great product!!! I already have the other model that attaches to the dash board (or windshield) for my other car, and would recommend this one (but love them both). Less hassle, more convenient, doesn't fall off the windshield, holds in place very well. The strength of the magnet is very good. There is no way it would fall of while driving. You have to use a fair amount of force to take it off.  I guess the only con is that it restricts some of the air flow from the vent, ....but I can live with that.
R24EZ4VVYGYE16	5	Five Stars It looks like it's that it would!
RPNO4EDVT4O9F	5	Handy! Works great!  Eliminates searching for multiple outlets to charge &#34;i&#34; devices.
RLL1TW0URUSG0	5	Five Stars Arrived very quickly, color just as shown.
RR70CICJ2XV98	1	Do Not Buy!! These worked for about a week.  Now they are useless.
R2KDS854R5UU75	1	Horrible This product was horrible it stopped working in 5 days after I recieved it
R2NQHV0L9JNILG	4	Nice It is a very nice cover but takes a long time to get here.
R321O5EMC13NKO	5	Five Stars I love it
R1KDUX02A3MEQ1	5	I was given a PROMO code and I am just amazed! In exchange for a fair review, I was given a PROMO code and I am just amazed!
R1WSO783SELJDG	5	We really like to take care of our phones Got for my wife. We really like to take care of our phones. Does what it's supposed to do. Good product.
R3DHNP9TUYX1JT	5	Five Stars excelent
RZJT8AKUZGWHP	5	Five Stars Nice product good secure fit
R2F52U78YKCFZV	5	Comfy! I love this headset cover!  It stays in place and is very comfortable around my neck. The price is good too.  I'm waiting for more color choices especially orange.
RKNRIKWRUOH1O	5	off and running! Great band for running!
R1H0ZW1F2HA5YF	5	Five Stars Nice
R3LBXSUXQ85FEW	4	Pricey but works great. Well made and compact, this works great for the DrivePro. Knocking off a star for the relatively hefty price, should have been included with the unit.
R23IO64YJYS0KN	5	Recommend this product! Love them. Weight is good and the thinner tip makes a huge difference when working on smaller screen. The replacable tips are awesome. I have recommended them often to friends.
R3IRM60MOSK4PY	1	About 7 months after I purchased this unit, one ... About 7 months after I purchased this unit, one day it suddenly stopped working. I contacted BESTEK because it had one year warranty. They told me to send it back. I sent it back (I had to pay return shipping.) No answer for a month. I sent an email again. No answer for another two months.
R16UEWLNV8QJLZ	5	Five Stars Very good item
R14ETIMIFISO01	2	Fits, but difficult to use buttons The case fits over the camera, but it becomes very difficult to use the buttons at the top of the camera. The power button and the the button to open the flash are very hard.  Not taking the buttons into account, the flash was able to open and functioned properly.  On a side note, if you use this case, the camera will fit inside the leather strap case designed for this camera, but that case will not close with this case on the camera.  I ended up not using the case as it was a pain to turn the camera on and off.
REHWMI2Y6JT3U	1	One Star i hate it
R27C9HSPQJ154Y	1	Case did not protect screen from 2 foot drop Did not protect my screen from a 2 foot fall.  Phone slid off a couch and dropped flatly onto a tile floor.  Short drop overwhelmed the tiny lip over the screen and uniformly shattered the screen.  Repair of $109 at Apple Store.
R3GNOI8R89BCL0	4	Four Stars It was ok
R38E5K1F8TRGUU	5	Five Stars Tk You
R1N481GEQ89Z53	5	Five Stars Fit my 1999 prelude and makes it clean.
R3REPX7TMR1KNI	4	Four Stars Case has help up really well over the last few months!
R21U70VGLZJZDM	5	It's a winner Works just fine. Well made. Great value.
R23PPYRHNG2M3T	5	Very Happy. Arrive on Time Very, Very Happy. Arrived on Time. Nothing bad to said.
R1VAFN57A8JPZB	1	Dont buy this My phone, and lg g3 doesn't fit with the case on. Description says it will fit but that is not true. My case is not large but it still won't fit.  I wouldn't recommend this item.
R30OJQAFB3LE3W	4	Good product Easy to put on my phone Keeps all ... Good product Easy to put on my phone Keeps all functionality of my phone
R1EZAG3J3ZU5GH	1	After using it for 15 months - I would say buy something else! Be Aware of the useless warranty and LOW Quality batteries I opened up a support case with Plantronics asking for a battery replacement. Well the warranty life is only 1 year, so basically, throw it out or buy a new one is the official answer. The battery will start dying down after a while. This was my second unit. I would recommend looking at other products.I don't think anyone wants to buy a headset brand that need a new replacement every years!
R1KMP5ZJZDKLAQ	5	Five Stars This is a great case to organize all my traveling electronic accessories.
R2YCAGE0ESL10Y	5	Love this case Fits my IPhone 6 + perfectly & for the price the quality is unbeatable.. Love this case
R21EUP3ALACON6	5	Five Stars Great product!
R2JF3LT5VUFGYX	5	fast shipment, great quality for the price. fast shipment, great quality for the price.
RHV23L6HXUXDO	3	Fair phone belt clip holder. I find the inner case fine,  but the belt clip is made of very thin plastic.  The first one broke in a week and the company gladly replaced it, but I feel it should be made of a heavy duty plastic.  To alleviate breakage I leave the phone in the belt clip and just take the whole thing off of my belt to use it.
R15IE8OECXO7IP	5	Radio Simple, convenient, inexpensive and best of all it works. This is a no brained for anyone fishing along the coast
R2ES4M58UBH9BA	4	Four Stars Sturdy
R1ZM2OBI8SN57W	4	Four Stars perfect fit
R4KWFHYSPDAWM	4	Nice looking case Nice looking case.  It has a very smooth surface which has caused me to nearly drop my phone a couple of times.  I don't use the stand as often as I thought I would.
R38SJOWU9AN6GW	5	This is the best I've ever used I've used so many diff clips and they all just fell down. This is the best I've ever used. Doesn't move at all. I recommend it to everyone.
R2V0340WSJHHDE	4	Four Stars Appropriate for the task assigned and great price. No issues with delivery or packaging
R1BXXYHPRFVL9Z	1	waste of money Can not get it to charge can not get it to work, waste of money
R394S5II7LI5RP	4	Great for a forgetful husband my husband is always losing his wallet, so I did some research and ordered this for him. It has many great reviews. Since receiving this tracker, he has lost his wallet once and was able to quickly log into his phone and trace its location. Thankfully it wasn't far and he was able to locate it quickly. The device also has a setting that will alert you if your wallet and phone be come separated, which would be GREAT for a night out. Overall, I recommend this gadget to anyone who misplaces their wallet regularly. It's a tad bulky, but totally worth it.
R3NFTD2GVCY6SM	4	Four Stars good
R85HJUFSTXPKB	3	It offers medium level protection which isn't bad for the price It's one of those loose fitting cases with soft rubber. It offers medium level protection which isn't bad for the price
R317TAIMKPUIA8	5	Perfect!!!! Perfect stand.  The iPhone charger is adjustable and can accommodate most cases. Watch sits nicely on the stand.  The fit and finish are great. Highly recommend.
R3ADZT076W6COU	5	Able to withstand lots of abuse I purchased this case for my husband who works in steel and metal manufacturing due to his previous phone case not being able to keep his phone protected from the harsh environment it had to endure on a daily basis. This case protected his phone from paint and metal debris and being dropped on concrete numerous times. I can't say enough good things about the LifeProof brand. I would definitely purchase another Lifeproof case if he buys a new phone.
R15O6JHC73QFDU	5	Five Stars Charges my phone quickly and is easy to use.
R771JEBSUBSC4	1	One out of the three has already stopped working after ... One out of the three has already stopped working after a week! Wrote a request and asked if it can be replaced but haven't heard anything back? Think I'm just going to throw the other possible fire hazards away and eat my loss.dont buy
RCCTAVK325GG9	4	Great Quality at an Affordable Price This case is really cute and fits close to perfectly! It's sleek and fits well in my pocket without being bulgy and awkward. It looks a bit darker online but the color is still pretty and glossy. I'm satisfied with my purchase!
R3F8EFE8OR2BCQ	5	Five Stars Fantastic signal, worked great on a four hour drive across Colorado.
R2U0MDWDTRV9OW	5	Just what I needed. Bought this cable to charge phone in my bag while commuting. The original Apple cable is long and get tangled and kinks toward the USB port. This is perfect size and fit.
R1LUTWF5TGMO1L	5	and perfect for the 7" tablet I ordered to go in ... Cute, cute, and perfect for the 7&#34; tablet I ordered to go in it!
R1EICOPSTZSTV	3	/ Nice case, but disappointed in that Side piece of case broke as soon as I put it on :/ Nice case, but disappointed in that. Cute colors.
R2O33ZLJ4LWIZZ	2	I am so disappointed buying this I am so disappointed buying this. Immediately saw a big bubble in the case right after I put it on. I used to have the exact same one from another supplier and it lasted me months until my phone got stolen so I know how long it's suppose to last.
R1PFZ0C5P00NKS	2	Read the fine print:  black ink only! You get what you pay for on this one.  Unfortunately, they feel really lightweight and cheap, and the stylus only works when fully upright.  You can't hold it at an angle.  Worse (and shame on me for not catching it in the description), the ink in all of these is black.  I don't know that I've ever owned a pen with bright colors like these that only write in black.  Oddly disappointing.
RLY4JSGAQ8MV	5	Five Stars Love it!!!! It's great!!!!...would recommend it...💗
R3TJJ1SUO1GD4J	1	A VERY BAD PRODUCT The seller claims this is a leather case, but it is just a cheap &#34;imitation leather&#34; plastic which is all cracked and falling apart after less than two months of use. It looks nice but... CHEAP, CHEAP, CHEAP. Do they really think they can full anyone? the picture does, but once you get it, you can quickly realize what a lousy product this is.
R2XNVRW70IQ8GJ	2	Two Stars Expect what you pay for.
R2QUHYOQF9W0TK	5	Five Stars Excellent product.
R2II5PTYSP1SRR	3	Quick Charge is amazing, but only if your cable doesn't break on you. So I love the quick charge! I'd give that a 5/5 stars, but the problem with this is not the charging, it's the durability.  I just started using this and on the third night my phone slipped off of my desk and the smaller part of the cable got bent and was almost all the way out. It won't charge anymore and I can't fix it. Also, most other cables aren't compatible for quick charge, so now I'm out a damn good charger.  So for the durability I gave it a 1/5 star and the average came out to 3/5 stars.
RTSD24G687MO9	1	Nice but useless This radar detector does not work well in Sg. It does not detect any traffic junction cameras, cannot detect any radar guns, only sounded alert when it was very close to a stationery speed camera (20-30m). It was a pure waste of money and a great disappointment. Perhaps it works in some countries but not in Sg. i wish i could get my money back.
R34IR1DZMHVSDS	4	Decent case, stylish. Good sturdy case, took my toddler over a month to break it. Considering she usually only takes a week or two, I'd say that's pretty decent quality for the price.
R4VYYPZVIM64P	5	Five Stars The case is awesome and is very sturdy.
RJ97TYAN6A56M	4	Pretty damn good if I say so myself I actually enjoyed these and the quality of sound is very good
R17SJYJ2QWUG4P	5	Sleek, Very attractive and Does the job! This case is awesome. It has extra rubber protection around the corners. It also comes with a glass protector!
R24B9GYYL38E74	5	Charges my phone better than the stock Samsung cable Works as expected.  Charges my phone better than the stock Samsung cable.
R3UFK3559146VZ	2	Nice design but not very durable I purchased two of these cables this year.  The connector fit nicely through my Speck case just as an official apple cable did.  Unfortunately, neither cable made it past 6 months before becoming intermittent and then failing.  My son used one of the cables and may have been hard on it.  The other was for me and was only used occasionally.
R12QZSVVOZ8FKK	3	So So The set screw on the back that keeps the phone in position doesn't work very well. I tightened it as much as possible,  but the phone still twists with vefy little effort.
R26TUTR3SF2ORN	1	Would not fit with a Case I have the thinnest shock-protect case for my Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge, and it did not fit in the cradle even if I remove the plastic &#34;cover mate&#34; like they show in the picture.  FYI - With my case on the phone, it measures  3 5/16&#34; across.  Returned it for a refund.
RTDUHFRNU3DFZ	3	Poor material used Started to randomly bubble and peel after only a couple months of normal use.
R3G2J9FC0OANNV	5	Five Stars Great covers for the price
R29K2JV3J4XQ34	4	Four Stars Good stuff! That case literally fits in with any phones.
R3UNH4B53QJIAP	5	Five Stars perfect
RYZX3MFEO7DLA	4	It seems like version one was much closer to the Apple band ... UPDATE: After owning this for some time, I will upgrade from a 2 star to a 4 star. The quality is great, it has had no issues and it still looks brand new. I would give it 5 stars if they would have sent me what they send they would.  Ok. I think this product is just ok. I feel a little bothered that this product must have changed design from its first go round. This product i received is the one shown - however - if you read the reviews below and look at the images it is clearly a different band. It seems like version one was much closer to the Apple band with the magnetic clasp and infinity design. This one I received - no. It has a gap between the watch and the band and has a clasp instead of magnet. The material is ok. I feel some rough edges (very minor). The brushed stainless looks good but the clasp that attached to the apple watch isn't brushed as nice so you can see a big difference. It was not as easy to on the watch, but I did finally get it to fit on. Overall, I think it will work. I would give it 3 stars if the product was consistent with the pictures other people posted. My suggestion is to discontinue this product number and start fresh so purchasers are not confused. It is clear this was a different product before.
R1MJJX0CD1H8DK	5	Nic,e stylish case I picked this case up for my wife, and she loves it.  Functional and stylish.  The micro-dots on the backing do a great job of keeping the case from &#34;clinging&#34; to the back of th device.  I'm glad that I stumbled onto the Verus brand.l
R28LKQK98TT44W	5	Pleased! I love it!!!!!
R3ZEDZQBL88EI	3	Form factor and sound quality is poor. They connected easily via bluetooth and the signal and range was reasonable. However, the sound quality was too much on the treble and not enough on the bass making music sound a bit tinny. The form factor is poor as is the fit. The inflexible wire on the back of the head sticks out an inch or two making it impossible to use while exercising on a bench or floor (the wire pushes the headset forward). I purchased this headset with my own money and I returned it.
RJVNUOOEV0O31	5	Love this case Love this case, but the cord to charge, are you kidding me ? Way too short, need some length !!
R2I1G59OYYU1YW	5	Great value!! This glass screen cover is great for my iPhone 6, it's a lot cheaper then the ones they sell in the stores and just as good.
RL36BRVQVPOP0	3	Seems fine with other's stuff though Maybe it's just my 2 year-old phone being picky, but it won't charge my phone with my cord plugged into it. Seems fine with other's stuff though.
RCCA9AZ6T6HH8	1	One Star The battery didn't work. It wasn't even charged all the way!!
R1J6OYBPPNZW9B	5	Five Stars The best for the Nexus 5 and protects it perfectly.
R25Z9AVP0AO98R	5	Love it! very pretty!
R1GHGGRMKE390J	5	Good phone mount, provides unobstructed view of road I ordered the CD slot magnetic holder for my iPhone 6. I don't text or take calls while driving, so this is mainly for GPS purposes. The CD in my car is positioned high on the dash so this holder places the phone within my field of vision while driving. Instructions are included, but probably not necessary. It's pretty easy to figure out. I have the Apple leather case on my phone and the magnetic strips they provided fit with no problems. The magnets are strong enough that I don't really worry about the phone falling off the mount. The only thing that I would say is a negative is that it's a bit wobbly. When going over uneven/rough road, the mount does shake. That said, outside of a window mounted holder or one of the grippy pads on top of your dash, this will be a problem for any CD/vent mounted holder. It doesn't detract from it's usefulness. Plus, it doesn't obstruct my view of the road. Is it perfect? No, but I give it a 4.7 out of 5, which I rounded up.
R20TUDNZZQSXHL	4	Solid Look and Slim! This case is very slim and looks great on the Space Grey watch. All of the cut outs fit the watch perfectly, leaving the digital crown exposed, as well as the side button. I had only hoped for it to be a little more shiny, but that's not a deal breaker. I'd recommend this to anyone with a Apple Watch Sport in Space Grey looking for a slim case that looks good.  PS. I didnt install the screen protector because i already had one on, and the one that came with this case doesnt cover the entire watch face.
RSSPGANPVJXBC	3	Three Stars Didnt last a week before it broke
R2UXQCXXG5Q4GR	1	Do not waste your $$$$$.1 Do NOT purchase!!!  The pen doesn't work and the stylus doesn't work.  The stylus was like trying to use a pencil eraser!  It was sent from China.  It was a package of two and neither one worked at all.  My money was refunded but it was inexpensive so I'm sure some people just throw them away.
RMYIZX5P9V58P	5	Five Stars Very inexpensive and works perfectly.
RJ2C65Y6NYXVN	5	Love It!!!! I love it and everyone that see it wants one.
R3RQ6FHNHRODUQ	3	... working OK - smaller than what I would have liked. Its sticky on both sides - so it ... Its working OK - smaller than what I would have liked.  Its sticky on both sides - so it stays on the dash, but when I pick something off the surface, it sometimes pulls it off.  Its not as good as the last one I had, which I can't find!
R1EJXBM05TDHGI	4	It's so pretty and it gets rave reviews but it's the wrong ... It's so pretty and it gets rave reviews but it's the wrong one.I'm going to keep it and give it as a gift. I will order the correct one shortly. Thank you all
R25EPY8KLJP7RI	4	Four Stars very pretty color
R1D8QMUJV2QGNO	4	Four Stars Rapid response and correct parts delivered :-)
R16POW5NG5BT65	4	Fit's Iphone 6 plus with case! This tripod adapter fits my iPhone 6 plus with the Otterbox Commuter case with no room to spare but it does fit securely. The product keeps my phone in place while on my Gorilla pos and other tripods. The Bluetooth remote paired easily with my iPhone and it came in very handy when starting and stopping videos and shooting photos.
R5515MM6NHHYN	4	🌟 Decent Charger 🌟 To be honest, at first blush I wasn't overly excited about this charger. Four ports with a maximum output of 5 amps (aggregate) is no big deal in an AC charger these days. Many newer Android devices (all of the higher end models) and many, if not most larger tablets ship with 2 amp chargers. That being the case, if you have four higher draw devices that you want to charge at one time, then this is not the charger you need. However, this will charge 3 high end Android phones (any I've ever tried draw a maximum of 1.65 amps) or it will charge four any model iPhones, or a combination of Droids and iPhones as long as the total amperage draw doesn't exceed 5 amps. The smart charging feature means that the charger will automatically detect the optimum charging amperage of each device and deliver no more or less to the device.  Using a [[ASIN:B00KFS4Y1I USB Power Load Inducer and Tester]], I tested each of the ports and was able to maintain a 2.4 amp load on each port. I then left the load inducer on one port set at 2 amps while plugging in a Galaxy Note 3 and S5, both of which I know from experience to draw 1.65 amps when charging. I allowed this test to run for fifteen minutes and encountered no issues with the charger.  To conclude, at the current price of $16.99 (at time of review) and Prime shipping, this is a decent buy. I reiterate that this charger will not fit everyone's needs, so make sure it will fit yours before ordering; but there's a good argument against spending extra money to get more charging capacity then you need.  🌟 Complimentary Product Received for Testing and Unbiased Review 🌟
RTK43NFX4TRKM	1	I bought this piece completely assembled to repair my smartphone ... I bought this piece completely assembled to repair my smartphone and after several months had problems lighting and image. it was reviewed by an authorized htc agent and confirm that this piece was not new and was assembled from different parts (recycled) has no integrated lighting of the menu buttons they are at the bottom of the telephone circuit. the back of the screen that I bought has features of being detached from other phone and placed the digital touch him.
R19GUVF0AUSRXL	5	Otterbox is worthy Nice and sturdy...
RK81QTET5E45A	5	perfect material made of its exceed my expectation, perfect material made of, quick charger for your electronic devices.
R27HMVJRBM12JI	5	looks and feels nice. Phone has survived some minor drops so far looks and feels nice. Phone has survived some minor drops so far
RUENW84X6HOMT	5	Five Stars fits well and works well.
R3I1JPTWQSQ4VU	5	satisfied The case performs well in protecting my Lumia 640 xl. Haven't tried the belt holder as yet but I am satisfied  so far.
RMU656IFVRXUD	5	Five Stars Great case.
R1PLRS2J9R2SXI	5	It arrived well packaged and in good shape. This cover meets my needs and price range. It arrived well packaged and in good shape.
R3P0J0SF47L6T6	1	One Star Defective
R2I2X4CDPEV0GV	5	easy to check time. durable case, fits perfect on my LG G4. Design and colour is a plus, i love it. Its a flip cover that surely keep my phone safe. safe for bumps too and i can easily check my time on the circle window i found it amusing, elegant and unique design i ever got. I do have collections of case for my LG but this is the unique one, once i open the flip cover it automatically brights up and ask for my password. in terms of price it is not too bad. the last LG case i got cost me $6, i am willing to throw extra $4 if it is as good as this case.  I received LG G$ circle case by Great shield for FREE in exchange of my unbiased and honest own opinion review.
R1AYBKKW6Y8YAR	5	Five Stars Love love love. I get compliments on this wherever I go.
R3F47SY9YSPY1G	1	One Star This selfie stick does not work with the Galaxy S 6.
R2GQLIMT03PB6Z	5	Fabulous Charges amazingly fast.Slightly heavy,but a small inconvenience for the power.
R3VR3AZFYXWN5S	5	Great cell phone holder This is a VERY nice setup for the price. The flexible arm is strong and stable, and the suction cup locks solid on a smooth surface. If I had any complaint at all, it would be that you only get 1 clip per pack. I bought 2 of them so I could have a couple clips. Using mine to hold a HTC M8 with a case, so it opens wide.
ROXGZHZNC3KEX	5	Five Stars Very Good!!
R1I2F76MGQXGNM	1	Case did not work phone is water damaged and had to purchase a new phone case did not work, I went snorkeling with it and leaked a lot and now my phone is water damaged. I had to purchase a new iPhone 6 unfortunately.
R2HJJNHIH43A3V	5	thank you very much!!!! Awesome product, fast shipping, thanx alot!!!!!
R33FHGOSVQSV7T	5	Great design and performance. This thing is awesome. It's robust, handles heat well, and charges your phone more efficiently than the manufacturer's cord (which, incidentally, for a phone that costs in the hundreds of dollars, its own cord is absolute garbage). My only regret is that I didn't buy the longer cord.
R2AVLSIRG8UXQY	5	Five Stars muy buen producto
R1F0NPCMW29G78	4	Four Stars Perfect
RS4O3G80AK77T	1	did not receive the tool kit with it just led ... did not receive the tool kit with it just led touch screen should get some money back for the incompetence thank you frank
R3SOZ9FQ0E4WOP	5	Five Stars As described. Fast shipping.
R2XU0W1ZRY37PW	3	From the onset when I was on the phone with ... From the onset when I was on the phone with someone, I was told I sounded distant and quiet, even with the mic right in front of my mouth and in a quiet room. I would not purchase again.
R1TPEMZY81WJSX	1	but they break VERY easily. The pin that holds the ear piece together ... First choice out of all our headsets because they are small, lightweight, and swivel for either ear, but they break VERY easily. The pin that holds the ear piece together snaps off and they are rendered useless after only a few uses.
R3PQQTB58Q6XZA	5	Small tip for applying these guys Where has this product been my entire life? It protects my phone from the worst abuse that I can throw at it. I've dropped a handgun on the screen by accident and it just bounced off (though I haven't tried SHOOTING the screen protector). Fits into my Incipio branded two-piece case too.  Tip for applying the screen: take a couple strips of tape and tape one side of the screen protector to the phone (so you can lift it up like opening a book cover). Remove the film to expose the adhesive and &#34;close the book&#34; so there's a perfect fit.
RN236J7E3DJCF	4	Its OK even with my case on the phone..... I have an Otterbox case on my phone, so my phone doesn't fit completely in the holder, but it still is able to hold it while driving.  As long as I'm not going off-roading ( which I'm never gonna do in this car) then it is OK.  It take a few extra moments to get it to sit just right.  Would probably really easy if I didn't have the case.  right now I'm using the vent clip version.  The suction cup window/dash mount looks really nice and looks like it would hold securely. It has a sticky ring to help adhere and I'm a bit concerned to put in on the dash of how completely it may or may not remove.  The heat in NC might bake it into the dash  :)
R2I6BXNWLONLC8	5	Sturdy, charges well Nice Charger. Works great.
R2V2HJUJFCTFFB	1	misleading item description very disappointing when a &#34;factory unlocked&#34; phone won't work with verizon. how can they get away with saying factory unlocked when in fact it is not?
R312DG04I8XCLC	4	Very cute but... Everything is good except the headphone jack. I can't plug in an headphones with the case on. It's probably not the most  protective option but it's better than nothing and very cute. Love the pattern.
R3KHXVI0GKPE5O	4	Great case that lets my iPhone color shine through Great case that lets my iPhone color shine through.  It does get scratched and the bumper didn't come up high enough to protect the glass shield I had used for extra protection for the screen.  I removed the cracked class shield and the phone case has been working perfectly since then.
RMEMH2V2XKFM	3	Its okay if you are looking for just a case ... Its okay if you are looking for just a case. I wanted durability and something that protects the entire phone and this case didnt do that so i had to get another one.
R3I2I1R4KNTBHJ	3	Three Stars okay
RL8NA65XNXWLI	5	Two Stars After using it for a month, 2 of the 6 ports no longer charges. Without me contacting them, AnkerDirect customer support saw my review and wrote to me directly and advises me on how to reset the unit and resolve the problem. It turns out that the port isn't working properly because my device might has triggered the protective internal safety switch. In order to reset the switch, unplug all cables (including power cable) for five minutes and retry. the 2 &#34;bad&#34; ports work fine after that. I gave them a five star because Anker care about their reputation and the product has this build in protection and it works fine.
R29HGZDUMWA33B	5	Perfect Exactly what it says it is. Great price. Shipping took a while but not too long and that is what's stated. Have ordered 2 from here and would again.
R23AG8MSDLEI1A	5	Five Stars Love it
R1YLPE8KTE33RO	3	Three Stars Tends to overheat.
R2904LKM7B9UJ8	5	Five Stars works really well
R1G4H01COFTZLW	1	Same as all the rest of the cheap cables. I give this cable a 1 star.  It's expensive and still does the same thing other cables do.  The Lightning head gets popped off.  I got this cable as a gift and feel bad they spent 25$ on it when the outcome was the same.
R1FXVTZ748D3UV	4	Four Stars Like it a lot!
RVZN7A29DZ3ZJ	2	Great phone, storage to small. Until ANdroid can treat SD storage in a much more integrated way, the phone has a huge issue with being full all the time. Other than that a perfect budget phone. Just don't download any apps!
RGH5U6U1URAAJ	5	this is likely the most easy and effective car mount mount you can get for ... If you can spare the vent, this is likely the most easy and effective car mount mount you can get for the price.
RU0VSI0AEG60F	4	phone car charger it works very well, the cord is long enough it fits on top of the dash board with the phone.
R1ZD8G7PWBDROY	3	Yesterday I really lost my keys.. Yesterday I really lost my keys.. I immediately looked at my app, and it showed me the location of the keys two days ago.. NOT HELPFUL!! I wondered why, as this almost makes Tile totally useless. Not sure if I should keep trusting this thing.. It did help me find my keys once when I couldn't find them anywhere in my apartment. That's why I'm giving it 3 starts//
R735QEBBQUX9Y	5	Charged up Works great, good product
R35K63C6I6RRK3	5	Love it! It bends to fit if you are ... Love it! It bends to fit if you are trying to get it into a tight space to charge your band. It works well- no complaints yet!
RO9RRI1GUZQP7	3	Nice, but needs some improvement What would make this nicer: - A more versatile kickstand that allows for more upright angles and to sit the entire phone verticle for Facetime. - Keep the outside rubber-like for grip, but get rid of the deep grooves that create a place for dirt, grime and germs to collect. - Make a thicker bumper around the front to protect the phone better. - Make closures for the ports so they don't get dirty.  What is already nice: - Grip/non-slip - Lightweight - Fairly low-profile - Nothing covers the lens so the camera integrity isn't compromised. - Feels protective - Easy to put on and take off (easy for an adult, hard for a kid)
R307DFR713FMQU	2	Two Stars Case doesn't stay together.
R28IMX5YEDRH12	2	I would not throw my money again. I didn't work to expectations, it would connect  with SD cards whenever  it felt like, much less with USB connectors.
R347CI8DO6GWJD	1	Not worth it.... Item was not what was advertised.  Not returning because it will cost me half what I paid plus 20% restocking fee to return it than the refund I would get.  Very cheaply made case with NO dedicated switch to turn it off/on.  No felt lining inside the case either.  I will be selling this and hopefully get what I paid out of it.  Read the product reviews and seller reviews before getting this.  I would not recommend this case.  Would not buy again.
R3RDIC6S5K3WFH	3	The quality is not so much good because it looks cheap This Cute lovely Bear Winnie the Pooh is only okay for me.The quality is not so much good because it looks cheap.I can understand because of how the material made because the price is low at cost.It is not rightly fit to my spouse Lg G2 cellphone but she love the design pretty cutie.
R3QUU5D95A4D3Y	4	Four Stars Also got this for my wife. Doesn't feel as protected but it's light.  We'll see what happens haha.
RC3RLCAW4SY06	3	{{OOOOPPPPSSSS}} Replaced my Vivofit 2 {{{{ Re-review 9-25-2015 Ooops! step count stopped counting. Returned to Amazon and replaced with garmin vivoactive -------- }}}} I pre-ordered the pink and white small (I'm a 6'1&#34; 200# male. It fits!). It synced to Garmin Connect on my PC and Connect Mobile on my iphone 6 no problem. I bought this as an upgrade to my trusty vivofit 2. I have more information at a glance than the vivofit. It is very lite and unobtrusive and looks good. Everything seems to be working well. Just as I expected.
R1GXV7EBIV6BDQ	4	Bought 2 and one went on great second not so great We bought 2 of the LGG3 Glass protectors for 2 phones. The first one we rec last week on Friday went on great. No issues. Stuck well and looks good.Ordered a second one for a new phone rec on Monday. This one had issue getting it to stick. Something was different. Followed same procedure even though new phone with cleaning etc. Something different. Would have given 5 stars except for the sticking issue with the second one.
R238GRUEJKHTMC	1	One Star doenst fit really good
R1PTYWKYK92XIJ	3	what happened to elago? product is okay, not as nice as some of the elago iphone 5 cases that are really reinforced. when its off the phone feels a little weak, but when on the phone its a little better. quite a slippery case as well. very nice color and fit.
R3KR1CEIUXKEZN	5	Five Stars great one i like it
R37W1RVKBYRYKQ	1	One Star It never works.
R3RCTN2H2KUQQC	5	Five Stars Great charger- was able to quickly charge smartphones and iPad and the flashlight came in handy as well.
R2JBIX15IQ3IK8	5	Great case, Hard to get on This is great case to make a rugged manly phone look more girly. My only complaint is taking it on and off for use by the pool and with an armband to workout. The outside part of the case is very rigid and can be difficult to get into place. Instructions would have been nice so I know if I can use it in the water without risking mold and damage to the phone. My best guess is no because the material of the phone is made to repel water and the case could hold water in.
R3KECR23XBTVC5	5	Quick qi charge The qi charger on this device is surprisingly quick. I use this for my note 5 before i head out to class and work. I use the qi charger when i have over 30 percent battery left because its much better for your battery life, not over charging it like you would when charging it directly. When you charge your phone using qi, the charging output drops when your phone reaches a certain percent. My phone charges from 50 percent to 100 in about 30 mins. Not a bad device at all. You could get about two to three full charge with it.
R2R1C36V2DCO6	5	Sparkly Sturdy Pink Bling Pink and bling, I love it!  Fits my phone perfectly, I've dropped it and it's been protected.  Came with a screen protector and pink stylus as well.  I'm happy with my sparkly cover, highly recommend!
R1B6KOTXCUZS7M	5	Excellent Excellent
R2ED23NWKV1K32	4	Workmanship is pretty good - but not excellent Works very well. Workmanship is pretty good - but not excellent.  Well worth the price.
R2HE9REO9190TF	4	Good buy I bought two of these thinking since they were pretty cheap I might need the other one pretty soon. I'm surprised the first one hasn't even stopped working yet! I'll have an extra in case I need it but for now I won't need it, and I got two for less than the price of one from Apple
RS3B19G8ZG37J	2	Looks nice - USB ports are in a bad spot. Works ok - Bought a Dual USB adapter to put in the top (As the side usb ports are useless if you mount in the console). Would not power the adapter and ended up not being able to use the product for the trip as needed. Looks nice - very sleek and small.
RUWXGZKPI9YKG	3	Spend More Money on a Better Model I purchased this to replace an older 9500 which after about 7-8 years froze up. Read the reviews and figured to give it a try for myself. While it looks like a 9500 it surely is not. Cheaper controls with a side on/off  volume wheel which feels very cheap and the volume is very low. Lots of false alerts and the range on radar detection is fair to ok. Tried it for a few days, but you do get what you pay for, so back it went for a new 9500. The almost double price for the 9500 is worth the cost for a better quality unit that can keep you out of trouble.
R2W0FIHMYGV1Z8	5	Great power backup to have while travelling It works awesome. No other power backups cannot compete with this in terms of both cost and quality. I recommend buying this.
R2ENO6OJ7CEFWB	4	Four Stars Thank you
R2FBFTT9HTYPWJ	3	and it had good reviews and was on sale I ordered this wanting to try the new hardened glass screen protectors, and it had good reviews and was on sale. The packaging was what you'd expect to find in a retail store, but like others mentioned it had no instructions. It didn't worry me though since I've applied various screen protectors previously, but manufacturers differ and I'd like to see their &#34;official&#34; process (which is, indeed, in the photos above). Nonetheless, application was easy using the tools included with it, and I was able to get a bubble/dust free application. HOWEVER, given the stiffness of the glass protector, it fails to conform well to he very edge of the phone, leaving a slight gap/ raised edge (see pictures). For that reason I knocked off two stars, since in time I can imagine dirt slowly making its way and sticking under the edges, eventually causing the screen protector to fail.
RHTWIUWF8AM27	5	and have gotten great results. I took it with me to Costa ... I bought the TomTom camera about a month ago, and am very impressed with it. I'm an experienced still photographer, but don't have much experience with video. I have done various time-lapse shots of storms, driving around, etc. and have gotten great results. I took it with me to Costa Rica a week ago, and being able to transfer files to my cell phone without use of a computer is a great feature while away from home.  I *should* have bought the full package at first, but didn't realize that it didn't come with the underwater lens cover which is something I wanted. So, I ordered that separately from the UK and it was here when I returned from Costa Rica. I played with it in the pool once, and was very impressed with the clarity and lack of distortion. I look forward to doing some more underwater work with it.
R2V6V8SMH8VHNH	5	Great item, super value. We now have a year on 3 of these.  They are all still flawless.  Very easy to put on and we don't notice any difference in touch sensitivity and color shift is so slight it's just not worth talking about.  They've shared space with small screwdrivers, sharp mechanical pencils, keys, high powered ecigs and all sorts of hostile items too numerous to mention.....yet not a scratch on any of 'em.  I actually bought some spares and it seems I probably wasted my money.  There is simply no reason to replace them and if it ain't broke don't fix it.  I've found that Charmin TP is absolutely the best cleaning material for this item...........don't know why, it just works.  Good job Noot and Amazon....thanks
R2HYAK56YQ4R7B	5	Five Stars Works great, and the length of it works perfectly for me!
R3AKS6QLQDPCEL	5	Works great.  Easy to use, plenty loud and clear, and doesn't fall off the wall. I'll admit, I shower more now...
R2Q077C3W1BHMN	5	As advertised! I haven't used this device very long but it is charging an IPad ,a Blackberry and 2 Android phones at the same time. Before it was a pain fitting all of these items on a power strip all together. It appears well made and the USB ports are nice and tight fitting.
R1F20J2I7LUKXZ	3	Just OK. Works Ok.  Wish it fit more secure but does the job.  A lot will depend on your car vent is as placement is critical.
RRPJO0Z99WBF0	5	Five Stars Great item to allow you to connect your wireless blue tooth headphone to hook up to your tv
R35ACPVGGF8BW5	4	They fit perfectly for my two year old and she ... They fit perfectly for my two year old and she loves them.  I only took off a star because they are still a bit loud.
RLM15K4Q3SP4K	5	Very much worth it!! It's very cheap. The sound produced by the headphones is surprisingly good. Fit is great - it's very comfortable, but it never falls off one's head.
R1J9IOJPUY30ZP	4	Four Stars Works just as well as the one it replaced. Let's hope it lasts longer.
R17SNOM01SMFEL	4	It works...for $25 that's all you can really expect It works...for $25 that's all you can really expect.  First things first.  This is not nearly as user friendly as an ipod.  It, of course, doesn't sync to iTunes or any other music service.  What you have to do is convert any songs you have into mp3 and drag them into the device when connected to your computer.  If you have DRM protected music in your iTunes account, you're not going to be able to get it into this device.  Sound quality is very good (I can't tell the difference between this and an iPod).  The screen graphics are straight out of 1995 (again, it's $25).  Bottom line, though it works.  The battery life is decent and it meets my needs.
R3CQCC4CJZSN2X	1	Cheap Plastic Crap Less than a week old and the charger unit is already broker. The plastic piece holding the charger pins broke loose. Charger is basically a plastic P.O.S.  Batteries worked OK for a couple of days. Now they cause my Note 2 to reboot. Back to my stock battery and phone is working fine.  I can't return this P.O.S. fast enough!!!!
R2G42I7EAU9V0L	5	Five Stars just the right size
RMTD5A4NFE1XS	5	Five Stars Excellent !!
R1C79DH0KXM2H2	5	works perfect works perfect
RYKX5U0XEQ1IZ	5	Another great Spigen case Fix perfectly! Maintained the phone's elegant! Got 2 of these for my mom and gf, they both loved it! =&#62; Man of the house = 5 STARS!!! Would buy again in different colors!
R26N9HVSEDIAO4	4	I haven't used it yet, but it feels extremely ... I haven't used it yet, but it feels extremely sticky to me and am hoping it won't leave a gummy mess on my dash.
RZF80K5WG6EJ	5	Five Stars Excellent holster for the iPhone 5. Very secure hook and loop closure.
R1VKORMR0ZMHUY	5	This is a great case, especially for the price This is a great case, especially for the price. I consistently drop my phone and have had no issue with the case coming apart or breaking.
R23GC7NPCT4OK0	3	Attractive case with a couple of engineering flaws Upon initial inspection of the Protech case, I liked it. However, if you have a tendency to let things slip from your grasp this case will certainly meet that need. The hard plastic protective shell casing will more than likely help prevent damage if you accidentally drop your iPhone, but you need to take special care when you grasp your iPhone as this case has slippery sides. The lip on the back of the case is deep enough to protect the camera lens, but the lip on the front might not be and I wouldn't recommend laying your iPhone front side down. All of the port openings are good for access except one - the mute button port is too deep and if you have larger than normal fingers you'll struggle a little flipping that switch (I have to use the fingernail on my pinky to operate the switch). The overall design of the case is sleek, minimal and attractive. This case would rate higher if not for the minor engineering flaws I mentioned.  I received this product in exchange for a review.
R2BJ9QY4YAGALW	5	Five Stars I love the vivo 1v its a good  Phone
R1ASW5NN29B8H9	1	Cheap for a reason No one can here me talking unless I open the charger cover. Really hard to push buttons. Would not recommend.
R1TW4WSWX8BY1A	5	Great Bought this case for my 16 yr old daughter & EVERYONE at her high school LOVES it
RSY4UELVB0D60	5	Amazing! Get one! Wow! That little thing is full of useful features, easy to set up, sounds great with an amazing rich deep base. A delight to listen to and operate. You can't go wrong with this. I use it on the bathroom sink and am confident it will survive a splash of water now and again!
R3TWNHQ4K8B0ZD	5	I love the swivel head on the charger as well This is lightning fast! I love the swivel head on the charger as well. Fast charger, fast shipping! Definitely recommend.
RZ1YOH4CPS2QM	5	Five Stars Sturdy and easy to find. Protects phone , stand is really convenient !
R3ATZIJSGEH6H1	1	do not buy! Junk. Only worked for 1 week
RDXUX2UKFTKXD	2	It has a lot of flaws It is a good case but it does have a lot of flaws. They put the speaker in the wrong place, so the actual speaker on the phone is not protected the phone case is really really hard to get on and you can't take it off with out breaking the case and the silencer on the side, there is no way of turning that on and one more thing that drives me crazy is that the plastic on the screen that covers it is really loose so if you want to type you have to push harder then normal to get the right letters in but other then that it's a good phone case.
R2A9VQW11B6CD8	5	Pokemon life I loveee Pokemon so much and so this case is amazing !!! The drawing does not peel off and it takes a while for it to scratch and to break it arrived on time and I just love it !! But one small thing is that it's a little loose but nothing really big to worry about but I recommend it !!!!
R3W08TVQ4D5VBU	1	Utter junk. Stopped working 5 days after receipt.  Motion sensors never worked, night time recording involves activating an LED light that blinds you if you're driving by producing a glare on your windshield, never really was happy with how it functioned even before it stopped working.  Would return but opened electronics aren't eligible for returns, so I'm looking for a reliable dashcam that isn't ridiculously expensive again.
R2JY95SF1Z3V2R	5	Five Stars good material
R3GOFCV17WZR4C	5	Five Stars Thank you
R3VUPUSJPENFX0	5	Good to try I got this product in the exchange of a review.  It is pretty good and fitted well. I would recommend this for screen protector.
R3MXNCHH36N3H4	1	One Star It came to me broke like wtf
R1ADONS3QM7PGQ	5	Flawless! Flawless! I ran into some trouble with my original port that just didn't have a good connection. Ordered this back and a charging pad.  I admit I was nervous after reading some of these reviews. Charged it today right after it came in the mail. Flawless! What a relief! Worth the wait of shipping it from China so don't expect it until about 10 days. But so sweet!
R3NETSRQR88527	5	by Aukey have great sound quality when "sealed" correctly in the ear Given To Me For An Honest Review  Sport Bluetooth Headphone, Aukey EP-B13...by Aukey have great sound quality when &#34;sealed&#34; correctly in the ear. The controls are easy to use.They are real convenient to carry as they automatically &#34;coil up&#34;  when taken off. Included in the packaging are:  *  Aukey EP-B13 Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 Stereo Headphones * Instruction Manual * Standard micro-USB charge cable * Rubber ear nums of various sizes  These are great to use while working out, jogging or just to listen to some great music.I love mine. These would make a great gift to give. We have 4 months until Christmas. You won't go wrong picking one up for yourself and a friend. I gave this item 5 stars but wish I could give it more because it deserves many more. I highly recommend this item to everyone.
R2015RORPE4Z92	4	Stylish product with a quality finish The case was really classy with the finish and quality. Would have been great given the top of the phone is covered with the white frame too..It just looks like a bald head. But irrespective of that I loved the case very much. Would definitely suggest to a friend
RGIJKEO7P2TLJ	5	Five Stars It works!
R1GATR9E5U63U1	5	Great Protects my iphone 6 from falls and my toddler! Great product
R1KYC0E7PMRBQ7	5	Pretty with a bit of grip and low profile. Nice and small profile, provides a decent bit of grip. Not super protective, but seems to be holding up well 6 months later.
RGE1CO2SPQFB3	5	This works great and the strap is comfortable and holds on snug ... This works great and the strap is comfortable and holds on snug during any type of workout. I do think it is over priced considering the materials to make this isn't much.
RIC88MJXPH7EB	5	Five Stars I bought tHis for my wife and she loves it.
R3CBQ1LP8KB468	5	Great product! Very happy with this purchase Great product!  Very happy with this purchase.  Excellent for frequent travelers who need to share a AC outlet with a lamp etc plus also want to plug in your phone, ipad, Apple watch, external batter and toothbrush.  It works great!
R35NUIY1BE7PC6	5	My granddaughters love them and I have fun with them too These are so cute and seem to work very well!  My granddaughters love them and I have fun with them too!
R1ASUN5QUGANXU	5	Guess they knew what they were doing Great fit for the original (non-AT&T) Passport. Good texture for gripping, and good dimensions to let you place the phone face down on a dusty table without the screen getting destroyed. Same for the camera on the back of the phone.
R3HXZFVK3PREJO	4	One Star fits good.  makes the phone big and sticks to inside of pocket but it does protect the phone.
R2OHHGHHE9DAPI	5	Five Stars I love it great
RVYG8VZL0A001	1	... of uses and i can't see this being the best option at any point or for any purpose This is one of those products that you never feel too guilty buying because of the price but that being said it didn't last more than a couple of uses and i can't see this being the best option at any point or for any purpose
RMGEBL1X9BUJJ	5	Good seller, good product I bought this phone from &#34;232Tech&#34;, they get 5 stars because the order was completed successfully and delivery was sooner than expected  So far, the product meets the expectation... a simple Blackberry to keep Grandma in touch via Skype and WhatsApp.
R1R6NFWOB3Y02X	1	Stopped the second day Although lots of people liked it. It did not work with me. I charged it and connected it to my iPhone 6. It worked first then stopped working the second day. Whatever I tried I wasn't able to turn it on anymore.
R2HUMAXUOFB51V	5	good for travel and extended use of exactly as expected, good for travel and extended use of navigation
R35DH7Z6K2E8XM	5	Love this case so far although I thought it came ... Love this case so far although I thought it came with a back not just a screen protector for the back of the phone.
R3KT2O2BIL1IZH	4	Muchos capabilties Cool little bit here. I wanted a line driver (a signal booster) for my low powered home stereo (ok fine it's a wimpy tube amp if you must know (see my other review)) to get more volume. It gave me a bit more before clipping, but enough to make a noticeable difference. But it got better. It allowed me to use its aux input to run my Iphone into it so I could have 2 inputs going into said stereo. But it got better. It also has sub outputs so I could hook up a sub with said stereo. But it got better. It has 2 outputs besides the sub so I could also run my (2) inputs into another (solid state) amp. All this and I haven't even touched the equalizer settings...and probably won't. Get a power adapter for home use (see my other review) and you've got a $70 home equalizer that is compact, maximizes your amp's capabilities, and acts as a dual input and dual output switch plus allows a sub hookup via RCA interconnect. It's almost like they designed this just for my foolish stereo setup. I do get a bit more hiss/noise with this on at high volumes noticeable with no tunes playing, thus minus one star...but if I can trace that to the RCAs I would say 5 stars. Knobs are hard to reach, especially the master volume, which I wish they had placed all the way on the left instead of one in (the sub is all the way left). Like I said, pretty cool bit for the dough.
R3NTWBCNBFPTHC	4	Works Better for Smartphones than 5.11 Tactical Pouch fits the Galaxy S4 and seems to have room for S6 as well.  Construction is pretty good.  Definitely works better for smartphones that the 5.11 Tactical phone pouch.
R1W1IDNEL78LVG	5	Five Stars great item
R32GZD68SC76MZ	5	Five Stars Excellent.
R1NT40UN5NYQ6H	5	A brilliant smartphone with amazing screen display Perfect smartphone. Bit large for first time users but once you get used to it, you can't look back. The QHD screen is a treat to the eyes. The icons and text look amazingly clear. Amoled screen makes it even better. The camera quality is great as well. The body of phone is very appealing, with metal edges. I bought two of them. One white 64gb and the 32gb blue. The new updated price of Nexus 6 is more apt. I bought the Nexus 6 64gb at the original price of 699$ which i now believe was overpriced for it. Nexus always has an advantage of getting first updates from Google, that is always a plus.
R2RJ2AT8UTWRGT	5	Perfect! Works great, not much else to mention.
R2SOB5YOOLL7VI	4	Sturdy and well made Sturdy and well made.  Great fun for parties.  A little difficult to turn the selfie stick off--you have to hold down the power button for a lot longer than you'd expect.  I wish the telescoping part was a bit longer.
R1KRK2NIQ353Q7	1	One Star It sucked
R79RDVLQAKZ4G	5	Power House! Love it! This is my charging box for all my devices.
R12RADWQZ2ERKS	5	Love Love it. Great fit
R37BJP0ZUNDVGG	1	One Star took less than a month to start coming apart
R1RNG6Q1ZQDX7Q	5	Anyone know if it will fit? Not sure if this will fit my 2000 Grand Prix gtp. It is a 1.5 din, but the air vents stick out about 1.5&#34; from the face of the current radio. Not sure if the screen will be able to open all the way?
R3R00A192J4QB9	4	It's a decent case Its a case, it works and protects - my kid has not broken his phone in spite of dropping it
R3G1KTS9F67A8G	5	Really like this brand Ringke products are good quality and I read a lot of reviews about the Slim. I was worried it might be too light to protect my S6 Edge Plus but it actually works. I accidentally dropped it out of my pocket outside but the way it fell and landed my phone was fine. I’d say if you want a case for good protection and keeps how your phone feels naturally, go for this Ringke Slim case.
R1VTJMEI9G6XP2	1	One Star I purchased this in March 2015 and it only lasted until 8/30/15.
RGS1RGKII4CV0	1	Hmmm I purchased this for semi shallow scuba dives less than 20' deep it does in fact keep the phone dry however you can't operate the phone while at depth I shure if it's the case or the phone
R7V744UUOV6MD	5	classy and cute Very fast shipping and the case itself is great. Looks very expensive and fancy. Great price. Already received compliments on it!
R19EOXE1519SCL	4	A bit of a trade-off (function for water-proofing.) The plastic covering the camera slows down the camera's focus time, and the bit covering the heart rate monitor renders the monitor useless. You have to take the entire case off to use the heart rate monitor.  Other than that, this is a fantastic case.
R1ZOM1Z6QY602T	5	Provides a Good Grip Nice color, good grip. Not sure how much protection it adds, but it seems to be adding some protection at least even though it's rather thin.
R3AH9T0EAK85YZ	1	Poor quality. Wire popped out of the casing within 2 weeks.  Poor quality.
RA1U6P1U53NVU	5	Five Stars Husband uses this as a back up amp.  He loves it
R2IKE9H0HZ56ZL	5	Five Stars Kool color for Kristie
R1862N4QJ7FIC4	5	Wrong case but it was my fault! I ordered this case for my 6 but didnt realize that i actually ordered for a 6plus. Its a great quality case which si why i will reorder it BUT the right size this time.
R1V9NR5QA5V7PC	1	WORST SOUND EVER Bought this after my old headphones broke, WORST SOUND EVER! They arrived as I was going to the gym opened them there and paired them to my phone with no problem but the sound totally ruined my work out. It is awful, like if  you were listening from a cardboard box. Don't waste you money I ended up sending them back the next day.
R2096B2BPVFAES	1	Fell apart in less than 30 Days. Left earphone ... Fell apart in less than 30 Days. Left earphone broke off. Held by small piece of plastic. DO NOT BUY.
R2XCDGTBA0X75D	4	Four Stars it's ok
R2WSFQFBPVFLEF	4	Four Stars Ok
R1VUTPO87YCV0X	5	Just an amazing deal for screen protectors Just an amazing deal for screen protectors.  Admittedly they're not super quality so they get scratched up pretty easily but they're so cheap that you can just put on a new one every few weeks/months and it still costs just about nothing.
R1RBEMGJKII31Q	5	Five Stars Works great. Super charger
R3B5K6RDCZSPUB	5	The performance and amount is perfect on trips where you'll be up and roaming around This product has an overall sleek, clean and qualatative feel. The performance and amount is perfect on trips where you'll be up and roaming around. Got another person or two who needs to charge their device? As long as you have the corresponding cables three people can charge at the same time; One though would be charging at a slower speed. The charger can be a hefty one pound but stick this in a backpack and it'll help. With alot of charging power, the weight or portabilty doesnt bother me as much.
R1CD0ZX5IS2BQL	2	The screen protector seems alright. Mine didn't quite fit ... The screen protector seems alright. Mine didn't quite fit right, and because of that, when I put my protective case on, the screen protector's edges got messed up and now it looks kind of ugly.
R16N8MT8SFM7JB	5	Great Quality and Great Price- A Must Buy! This is a beautiful band. It is exactly like the Apple blue watchband and a lot less money. The quality is superb. Don't be afraid to order it at all. I am just so happy I did. It goes with everything and it was so easy to put on. I can't thank you enough. Diane Hebert
R1LBAIWE3PB41M	5	Five Stars Great. can add pics from camera to computer.
R3EB8QSNUNESLP	5	Love my new LG Watch I am still learning all the nuances of this watch but I really do like it.  I wanted an internet watch that looked like a watch but still connected me to my apps and this one is perfect and is priced reasonably.  I'm not a part of the iUniverse nor do I want to be so I was very pleased that I could get an Android watch that would meet my connectivity expectations.  I am pleased with my purchase and would recommend this to anyone using the Android platform.
RSJTOIZSPDNJZ	3	Three Stars worked for the phone, but not the ipad!
R1FK6WNCSQ9FQD	5	Five Stars Exactly what I was looking for.
R1GUOT7WJRNAOE	1	One Star frayed immediately
R3JRF6IQ9FD9IV	2	Good case if you don't have Otter Box Received as promotion. I'm a bit disappointed because one review stated that iPhone 6 plus would fit with otter box on. It will go in but not easily and I don't intend on removing my case everyday to place in holder. If it were a half inch longer it would be perfect. Those of you without otter box will probably love the fit. Once I got the armband secure on my arm it was comfortable but it took some time to get the strap through the double slots and fastened; or maybe I don't have enough coordination. I used it during my workout and the band served its purpose so I will probably get some use out of it and may get used to strap difficulty over time. I will likely get more use out of this during power walks for the music and not use it during bootcamp.
R273JTX2VD6CLB	5	Five Stars great itim
R2E42A6JC15O2C	5	So much power Way more power than the original battery. 10/10 would buy again.
R39AYAUL3E2AT3	1	One Star stopped working
R3GXWZOCPUVP1B	5	Five Stars Very excellent, i love it. The phone is perfectly design
R3EVSXX28E5VVE	5	Yes! Haven't had any problems with it! Works just as well as the Apple charger. I like the convenient 3 pack and the feel of the wire--not sticky. :-)
R1SOLGFD0ON91R	4	Four Stars It's really cool .
RBOGFWDNT1A5O	5	Five Stars Sturdy for the Iphone and I have dropped it several times and no cracks or breakage.
R9VMI9STUGBQX	5	Five Stars excelente
RQKJUK93RITQK	4	the music or conversation either stops or breaks real bad. I would give 5 stars however if these obtain any kind of distance from my phone, the music or conversation either stops or breaks real bad.
R2VSCE7KBLLHKQ	4	Fine item Works very well but think twice about ordering as it only has two USB ports. Love that the prongs are retractable.
R256EUCW5ZUX20	5	Five Stars worked great great price
R3A4K4082C9IEY	5	So clear, it's like it's not even there I was skeptical, but this protector is like it's not even there.  Clear as can be.  I much prefer it to the previous invisible shields I have used in the past that were just the film as those seemed to dull the display a bit..this leaves the view crystal clear.
R3K1L5SQT8GMGX	5	AMAZING I received my screen very quickly, even before it said it would be here! It was exactly what I needed and is working perfect!
R3RSOMLIYY3WEM	5	Beautiful phone case! I just received my Kate Spade phone case and I love it! It looks exactly like the one in the picture and it is beautiful and looks and fits real nice on my phone! Very pleased!
R35BMG3N3B6YKP	5	Five Stars I love this case! It's durable and stylish
R3UBY1WB4JPD49	5	Thank you for such a great product and the follow up after sales I have an older Sony TV in my bedroom and this Bluetooth transmitter extends it's lifetime for a few more years. Thank you for such a great product and the follow up after sales.
R2XW1H2NQ8SQFM	5	This case rocks! So, I admit to being a cell phone case junkie.  I probably have a dozen in my &#34;tech&#34; drawer for my iPhone 6 Plus.  But when I saw the Dreem case I was intrigued.  I waited several days of normal use to write my opinion and I can now safely say that this case really is a &#34;dream&#34;.  The folio is beautifully made and flexible enough to hold a variety of cards and cash.  Magnets work flawlessly and I feel very secure carrying this beautiful case with me everywhere.  But the icing on this cake is the second part of the case.  When necessary I can remove the phone from the folio and still have a beautiful and protective case on my phone.  The front lip protects my glass of my screen and the integrated magnets hold my phone securely on the iSwivel vent mount I have installed in my car.  I hit the jackpot!!  I also forgot to mention another surprise I got when I received the Dreem Fibonacci case.  The packaging was so elegant I though I had received an Apple product.  Every detail was well thought out and elegant.  Their attention to detail from packaging to product makes this a go-to product.
RZQQMPS6UT771	5	Five Stars Perfect fit, went on easily. Instructions were good. All pluses in my book.
R2632T5AR6KIOM	1	Charge port cover poor design The LifeProof case for iPhone 6 has poorly designed cover of the charger port. The charger cover will snap open too easily exposing the phone. It happened to me when I was kayaking and had the phone in my pocket just to find out later the case was leaking and my phone was dead. I used to have the Lifeproof case for the iPhone 5 and the design was much more robust.
R2K9YTVERL8X3Q	3	Better than nothing. Works good for a one full charge, but battery and phone get very warm while charging. Even more warm if you are using it at the same time.
R2PXRN1QJVVXYK	5	A gift.. And one for me too.. The case is beautiful.  Fit Right on my Moms phone with no problems and she loves it. I would so recommend this to my friends and family. One of the better cases I have bought (😊and I have a huge collection of cases).  I'm happy with this case.
RQ7JKPHHTOU7L	5	Five Stars i like it
R37PKF9YIR12PS	5	These are comfortable in my ears These little headphones pack a powerful sound punch. The sound is clear and crisp, just as it should be. These are comfortable in my ears. These headphones are just as described. They feel solid and are made very well! The audio quality is awesome.
R1YOU4NO6M39EY	5	Five Stars It is beautiful and comfortable in use. I gifted the same (the black one) to my husband.
R2PVCKYPMKT8JB	5	Happiness maker Look real good , works as advertised , happy
R4E8R7KE04UX3	5	I absolutely adore Anker's external battery chargers! I had ... I absolutely adore Anker's external battery chargers! I had an older version of this battery charger and was forced to upgrade since my previous Anker charger was stolen. Instead of trying out another brand, I already knew what I wanted to buy. :)
RGRN72K8ZPAY8	5	Aside from that I really love this wallet case I wish it could hold more cards without it getting so stiff. Also the magnet could be a little stronger. Aside from that I really love this wallet case! Saves me from carrying a huge bulky wallet in one pocket and my huge phone wit it's otterbox case in the other!
R37YX6JYTGY59D	5	Lightweight and Protective I spent a lot of time searching Amazon and other dealers for a lightweight but effective case for my new Galaxy S5.  This product seemed to fit the bill and was not expensive, so I figured I'd give it a try.  It is indeed lightweight and it seems to protect the phone well.  Be aware that this product is ONLY for the Galaxy S5.  It won't fit any other phone.  It has cutouts for every place for which access is needed.  I did find that it was a bit difficult to open the cover on the USB port, but the case is so easy to remove when using that port.  I didn't find it to be a problem.  When the case is on the phone, it seems secure and protective.  When I didn't want it on, removing it was a cinch.  Unfortunately, I didn't get to test its durability, because I returned the phone.  If I had kept the phone, I'd be using this case now.
R2X2E6NLQKSKTU	5	Super fun! Love it! Ordering additional colors I liked it so much.
R3JPX5MWN6UD8O	4	Four Stars Its easy to carry my phone and money at the same time
R5SVOCK770R6M	5	Pleasantly surprised Havent dropped it yet but for the price im surprised by the look and fit. Looks and feels more expensive. Hopefully it stands up to a good fall.
RC40ZLNVPEXM5	1	Kinda disappointed Fell once out of my pocket and completely broke.
R2PQ0QDRFEK8XN	4	I find this product awesome though I have some difficulty in activating the apps ... I find this product awesome though I have some difficulty in activating the apps for the messages to work. But once I got the right apps everything went well and good. I even ordered 2 more for gifts. The voice command is great, the volume and the sound quality is perfect. Ever features is working good.  Its worth the money.
R29AL5WMOEBC5M	5	Five Stars very good and fast shipping
R3E3T50PDPY30L	4	Four Stars Great product
R1VZ0J0E39YOGV	1	Irony Received a shattered shatter proof screen...talk about irony
R34ZWIYJRFAOVQ	5	Five Stars Thanks
R1MHEXL8B1U6MA	1	An Expensive Possible Imitation I got a pair of these and I must say I totally regret it!  First of all these headphones seem a knock-off of the Air-Fi® Matrix2 AF62:  [[ASIN:B00DOP3NPW MEE audio Air-Fi Matrix2 Bluetooth Wireless + Wired High Fidelity Headphones with Headset and aptX, AAC, and NFC Support]]  I asked both company's staff about this. MEEaudio store staff alleged &#34;the Ausdom M05 are a knock-off of the Air-Fi® Matrix2 AF62&#34;. On the other hand, very later on Ausdom staff replied to me stating that they &#34;manufactured the Air-Fi® Matrix2 AF62 for Meelectronics&#34; (now MEEaudio). So definitely there is something weird going on here... MEEaudio is an electronics company established in City of Industry, California since 2005. Ausdom is a Chinese factory based in Southern China.  Ausdom M05 is a product that cannot be verified as genuine for which you'll pay pretty much the same as for getting a pair of original headphones. Imagine you buy something that is not mainstream but is not that cheap either, so it is not a big brand but at least you are happy to say it is an original product and not a knock-off of a known brand, but then you realize It is a non-genuine product... wouldn't you feel really disappointed?  Secondly if you are looking for a comfortable headset you better go look somewhere else since I am not being able to keep them on for more than 10 minutes. Even though my ears are quite small they feel unpleasantly tight and the earpads harm your ear cartilages. Comfort is a essential when talking about a headset.  With respect to the sound they are too bassy and voices are really really low as if they are distant. Also you will easily notice a high latency. I was concerned about aptx compatibility, since most devices with Bluetooth transmitters such as laptops or TVs do not support this technology yet, so I emailed them to enquire about compatible aptx dongles. Based on their replies they don't even seem to know their product. One of the things they told me in theircontradictory argument and in broken English is that there are no aptx devices whose Bluetooth version is less than 4.0, when clearly there are both transmitters and headphones with lower Bluetooth versions that support aptx. An examples of this is the Aukey Wireless Bluetooth Audio Transmitter BT-C3 with Bluetooth version 2.1:  [[ASIN:B00PI62YVO Aukey Wireless Bluetooth Audio Transmitter Portable Bluetooth Stereo Music Adapter Dongle with A2DP and aptX Low Latency Technology (BT-C1, Black)]]  So they haven't been able to recommend me an appropriate dongle to use the headphone's aptx feature.  The microphone is quite bad and you cannot configure it to work with the headset in &#34;headphones mode&#34;. It will rather work as a hands-free device and the quality of the audio decreases greatly. Not to mention that it's a nightmare to configure the mic on Windows.  Honestly if you are willing to spend this amount, there are better original headsets out there around this price. Hopefully I will not make the same mistake twice.
R2YI26EHTUEP2M	5	Slim is best! Love the slimness of it. Just enough to protect it from scratches.
R292XRV47Z7W8L	4	Well connected They work great and came on time
R3V7HFM08VRWV3	5	Really, a great buy! This case is even better than I thought it would be! It's a great price! The case is just like the picture and the color is beautiful. The case fits perfectly, the buttons are easy to press, and the two parts snap together nicely and makes it look like a one whole case. I don't think they will come apart unless you want to take the case off. They are snug together! Where the speaker and charger and headphone plug-ins are, the holes of the case are nicely carved around them all! Including the camera and flash and mute button. If you always have to take your case off to plug your phone to a big speaker (with an audio-in cable), with this case you don't have to! There is enough space to plug in with it! Same with chargers and headphones! As for protection, dropped my phone a few times and it is ok! This is a great buy, I do recommend this one!
R19W4TD2SISL1M	3	Good sound, would not recommend for running. These headphones are okay. The sound is great, but they do not work well for running or anything that requires a ton of movement. After a couple of months with my first pair, the bluetooth stopped working. Fortunately the company quickly sent me a replacement. I had the second pair for a few weeks before they fell out of my ear while jump roping and broke. I have not heard from the company since then.  Pros: Good sound, good for weight lifting or low impact exercises, hands free  Cons: Do not stay in your ear while running or jumping, easily breakable
R2A5Z1KPF0BOZC	5	Five Stars love it
R1BJPI2RL8FYKT	5	Five Stars I Love this case.
R38HD8NCJGXQFR	5	Five Stars Great
R14CLRK4NWJHCT	5	Great protection Great protection for my new Iphone
R14SOXP6QMVGUU	2	Sleek but not durable At first I was really impressed by this screen protector. It goes on very smoothly and leaves no bubbles. However, after the fifth day my phone slipped off the couch and fell (about 1 foot) on the linoleum floor, and the screen cover shattered. Is it true that there's a lifetime warranty on the screen cover as some other people had posted?  I thought this was what the screen protectors are made for.
R31LHPOI9K48B1	5	Excelent Excelent delivered before initial delivery date. Works great
R109PVDRDPU7XQ	5	Five Stars Thin, sleek case that will fit in a small pocket. As pictured & described. Thank you!
R1YAN8LQGI80DM	3	Not as precise as I hoped but a good stylus. I purchased this mainly for use on my iPad and it worked ok. I am coming from the Samsung Note series and there is really no stylus designed with the accuracy of the S-Pen. The point on the S-Pen is what makes it stand out. And while there are expensive stylus that try to mimic the experience they have failed in expectations of the writing experience.  I have also used the Bamboo stylus and companion app which was not even better than using these styli.  Over they get the job done but if you are seeking precision, this is not the pen to do it.
RLCBAVQKOTFG6	5	Great product at a reasonable price. Fits perfect, looks great and protects my phone.  Gives you a good grip on your phone so that you don't drop it.  Would highly recommend!  I received this product at a discounted rate for my honest review.
R28H8JHTVDLGU7	4	1v charges like it's on steroids Big and Bulky, but this workhorse does the job.  When I travel, I want reliable and long-lasting, and this battery pack does the job.  The two different ports boast different speeds to charge at.  1.5v charges on a regular time frame.  the 2.1v charges like it's on steroids.  It's not discreet, it's not light-weight, but effective!
R3AZSOIFHFOZLX	5	Five Stars Worth having this product.
R35G1QCPSHLVGF	5	Five Stars Otterbox perfection!
R1H0T0R8GVWJHY	5	marvelous my wife loves her case
R3HGAXWYQJRRUK	5	Five Stars Love it
RHP442FQX3ZGJ	3	Nice case, however Nice case, however, it gets dirty fast and the edges broke off when I dropped it. Its very cheap quality.
R1YWQU3SGZDC3R	5	Great Product Product was perfect for what I needed it for. It protects my phone and is easy to get to. The product was exactly what was listed on the Amazon site and Wydan was quick on their response to get it shipped. Two days and I had it! Thanks!
R1QM8YY4MACPF4	5	Love this screen protector! This screen protector made all the difference in the world regarding using my Galaxy S4.  I put in on myself in about 15 seconds.  No problem and it went on as smooth as silk.  No bubbles.  When I use the swipe method for emails and texts, my finger just glides along the screen.  No friction at all.  So much better than my plastic screen protector.  This item is a bargain.  Love it!
RSYO70O9VWAHQ	5	Android compatible Works great for my android phone (galaxy s5). Full mirror screen projection to my big screen tv.
R1717MU9H9C5GQ	2	It seems to track steps pretty accurately for me but definitely not sleep I've been using it for a week and it slowly stopped tracking my sleep each night, now is not tracking it at all. It seems to track steps pretty accurately for me but definitely not sleep. I will be contacting the company but from other reviews it sounds like they aren't very helpful.
R2KBFTGOFUWZXT	5	Does the job and easy to apply. I have purchased these before. They work great and have saved my phone many times from scratches. Does the job and is easy to apply.
R274ATTO6AFDRA	5	Five Stars Great case :)
R1LD3PSJLXAGZM	3	I'm usually pretty happy with life proof but I noticed the other ... I'm usually pretty happy with life proof but I noticed the other day that the protective area over the flash is broken? I don't know how long it's been like this, but disappointed .
R24QV4ZFOEZ8N6	1	Dosent work I can not get it to stream right. It is so annoying. I am shipping mine back. Maybe cheap but doesnt work.
R3UND615SE0OY7	5	Works great. Just what I needed and shipping was Works great.  Just what I needed and shipping was fast
R1OLYDSLIOR6GP	3	Durable but my wife complains about the color fading fast ... Durable but my wife complains about the color fading fast.  The kick stand was difficult to pull out and resulted in her breaking it within the first day
R3NHSHO0MNJDZX	5	Wireless is great! Good range for indoors Wireless is great!  Good range for indoors. Battery life is just a few hours, so plan on recharging often (not a deal- breaker).  Stays in ear pretty good; would have been nice to have a few more loop sizes.
R295P0FYTI490R	5	Five Stars Excellent Thank You..
R2TOIA2C7B8XFQ	4	The item works fine but is a little bulkier than I expected The item works fine but is a little bulkier than I expected.
R3OPIOFCKCUQPM	5	Great service It came faster than expected and was a great product, but I realized it was for 2nd gen and I have 1st gen, and they were very understandingand helpful.
R2V08R8I9IXVW	1	Not sturdy enough. The screen broke within the first two weeks.
R358JH2DGBYVJ0	5	Satisfied with product Works well. Delivered promptly. Satisfied with product.
R1A85RGES33TGA	4	Four Stars Case broke within a month
R1Q6NJK7YB6FBQ	1	Incorrect Fit This item does not fit the Blu Studio Energy, it is a tad too large. Also does not have the cutout as shown in the picture.  go with this one instead.  [[ASIN:B00SWS27Z8 VSTN ® Blu Studio Energy Glass Screen protector - Ultra-thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge Highest Quality HD clear Anti-Scratch/ Shatterproof / Anti-Fingerprint/ Water Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Blu Studio Energy smartphone]]
R2D7ELTPGGZ6QG	5	Five Stars Excellent product for my new iPhone 6! Feels very protective and sturdy!
R2O2596V7VLTDH	5	Five Stars Beautiful case! Love it!
RNA4ZNHYK6KL5	5	Five Stars Exactly as advertised, quick delivery
R24XF43WOTXZW1	1	I received the samsung s4, charged it, but ... I received the samsung s4 , charged it,  but when I turned it on it powered down by itself and the volume turned off and on.  I couldn't use it at all so I returned it.  Was very unhappy with this purchase.
R3D49NEDUZNL6A	1	Did not fit I have a Samsung Galaxy s5 &  I ordered this battery for it but it did not fit my phone. Very unhappy.
R3II0OCPBPRDRJ	2	these were good length cables For the price, these were good length cables. However, they were fairly finicky when it came to staying plugged in and charging. Movement of the attached device could easily stop the charge, and one of the three completely stopped working after about 2 weeks. One works fairly consistently, and the third will only work if the device is completely stationary. Would not buy again.
R2PRGJPR72A1WH	5	Works Great !! Great for keeping track of my problem fleet drivers.
R1RS3MOJDMV3K	5	Claims of slow to charge are not true considering my testing. I ordered these cables because I am constantly replacing my wife and kid's cables. These cables are standard length and the fittings on each end are molded on and have a firm strong feel to them. The cables are a nice rubbery feel to them. They don't tangle easily.  I saw some reviews where there are claims the cable is slower to charge a phone or tablet. I did some testing and found that the amps are just slightly less than the stock cable that comes with an iPhone. I see the difference is not that much. The cables registered about .1 amp lower than the stock cable. Based on the results, the cable charge speed will be very close to the stock cable.  I received a discount for my honest review. I am grateful to be given the opportunity to review these cables. I find that they are more than adequate for my needs and they do as advertised.
R367U0GKTCJ3VB	5	Five Stars Great for charging up the phone when on the road...
R6YJWR8CYX2L5	5	I love it. My phone keeps running out of battery ... I love it. My phone keeps running out of battery and this is the only thing that keeps it alive!
R3IY8A7UHN2KAD	5	Apple at its best Excellent cable by Apple. Fits iPhone 5 or beyond
R21EED70DGCKGX	4	works fine i have dropped it from about 30 feet and ... works fine i have dropped it from about 30 feet and without the cover my glass would have cracked but with the cover on it it made a mark on the cover but not the glass.
RZATO5FM11F8U	5	Great deal Great product. . Great sound quality. I can hear text and and respond to it with my headphones as well as take calls which comes in handy when I'm at the gym. Little snug at first on the ears but it's good now. Great battery life. Highly recommend
R2RL6XOD3A5PT2	4	The phone was very good but I returned it The phone was very good but I returned it. The screen came slightly damaged. May have been a factory defect. But the return was possible and everything was good.
RUAQ0449VLFK4	2	Why in god's name was this recommended? Are you kidding...why did someone recommend this...used Waze on the 600 mile trip home to DC from Maine.  Kept accurate reading of traffic conditions all the way..  Not once did this cord combined with the Garmin give accurate or any information on traffic jams or conditions.  On the way up to Maine I used a Garmin and cord, &#34;suggested alternate route&#34; and when I started to use it, it took me back to the original route.  What was that about?  In my estimation both products leave a tremendous amount to be desired.  Extremely disappointed...The cost is ab surd for something that seems only to give some semblance of a map route..period...a total waste of money.
R1C1KRLWE6YJMY	5	Protection and Beauty All in One. I upgraded from a 4S to a gold iPhone 6, and I wanted a case that was protective, slender and still allow me to admire the beauty of the iPhone 6. I was skeptical at first because I usually go for an Otter Commuter case. I provided a total of 6 photos from all angles of the case. I love the ease and smooth feel of using the up/down volume buttons and on/off/hold button on the opposite side. All the other port openings are perfectly sized. I also like the thickness of the clear bumpers around the edges of the phone. There is a lip around the bumper of the phone so face of the phone is not flush with a surface when the phone is put face down. I have a tempered glass screen protector and it will not touch the surface when put face down. There is also a smaller lip on the back around the bumper. I love the clear back and how it shows off the phone. I may buy a second one in another color to change it up the look.
R3JAMLN5YTT2NX	4	First try of a tempered glass protector Easiest screen protector installation yet. Fit is good, however the glass does cover the camera lens. It seems to have no effect on the camera though. Feels like the phone's original glass, and so far seems more resistant to finger prints.
R6PJAF08K1WQI	2	No fit, No stick Doesn't fit the phone. doesn't stick when cut to size.
R26S6TVEIFCSXB	5	Five Stars Works perfect.
R3U5X7Q1XTUO9P	4	Four Stars The bracket is not good.
R2DCFLQARB7PW0	5	Five Stars Nice
R14C3OEKKGZHM9	1	Definitely not scratch resistant. Anything resistant for that matter ... Definitely not scratch resistant. Anything resistant for that matter. Dropped the phone about twice and ended up having the entire side of the phone cracked.
R3SLW7HPRYUYDY	4	Pretty good! Good case.  I like the design.  The kickstand squeaks.
R2AJL9Q7YGLKS8	1	I would highly recommend ordering from a different company I would highly recommend ordering from a different company. This product will not last longer than three months; suspiciously longer that the return policy.
R3VV4KPJG60PCU	5	LOVE this wallet LOVE this wallet. Yeah, it got stolen due to my lack of attention, but when I had it it was great. It is a little bulkey, but personally, I like that. :D
REFN8LM5W8ZGR	4	Works fine but takes time for me to wiggle it around ... Works fine but takes time for me to wiggle it around in order for it to connect correctly. If it shifts from a certain position, it doesn't connect.  Not sure if it's my car or the Scosche itself.
R2TW6VKJF54XPD	5	Five Stars Perfect!
R1QN3L1VK91AZ	4	This was a good product for the price This was a good product for the price; however within days the black rubber was ripped from normal use.
RHM8HYQB7Q4T3	5	Five Stars Works well and charges quickly!
R1S9WMEGKL8CS2	1	One Star Not good product not very durable pops off phone too easy when phone is dropped
R36F4WL7MKDKDN	2	Robustness up for debate... The first Nexus 6 I got had a cracked display.  The replacement I have had for two weeks and a couple rows in the display are &#34;dead&#34;.  Very distracting... doesn't got away with reboot.  Has this fabrication issue been fixed?  Not sure if I should return or replace...
R2CCZZL29OIO7A	5	Five Stars Great nDeal. Runs a little slower with 2 sims active
R2JBHHC22PH5W5	5	Five Stars Works fine, price was great.  Delivered on time.
RAJEB8GF8R2UI	4	Four Stars looks great, only slight problem is a few times the detectors actually slides off the holder.
R1VYH1QRM8NSRC	1	Don't buy Had this for 2 weeks and its not charging my phone anymore
RRIVNKBDHKCNX	5	Excellent product! Excellent product!  Fast delivery!
R242WSCG7LX940	5	It charges just as fast as the OEM Samsung Fast ... It charges just as fast as the OEM Samsung Fast Charger for my Note 4 and the prongs are positioned so they don't take up more than one socket on my surge protector.
R34CXTDZOA8GHD	5	I love it feels great Work as intended. I love it feels great. Thank you.
R3PB6DXOOR5HYI	5	Far better than any other screen protector Far better than any other screen protector. Doesn't yellow or dent ..very durable ..full coverage ..exactly like item description.
R2AACRDZIMHTJD	5	Five Stars perfecto
RTX05O80NQXFB	1	Very disappointed!!!!! Poor quality!!!!! Very difficult to use clip holder still have not been able to use. The case for the phone is durable. The stand is a good thing but it only sit horizontally. The stylus tip fell off after a few uses.
RYBPZOUGBGDN0	5	Great case This was a great case. Received in a timely manner in condition described. Happy with the quality of the product.
RGJOU4FVI7BST	5	but its perfectly fine. If I had to order it again I ordered this on the 19th, and the estimated arrival date was September 14th-30th. It came almost a month early. (TODAY.)  I got a white and yellow one, and it fits my iPod with its fat, bulky, silicone case. I needed to use a TEENSY bit of force to get it in there, but its perfectly fine.  If I had to order it again, I would.
R3B09JCMGCCJ0I	5	Works great! Great price! Works exactly it said.
R1CZJ1EFTDN60N	3	Three Stars My daughter likes it.
R1FOBLOXEGOWL0	4	My previous case put quite a bit of bulk and as nice as it was it was too much Going from a substantial &#34;defense&#34; case to this ballistic case is welcomed.. My previous case put quite a bit of bulk and as nice as it was it was too much.. This case on the other gives me the same warm feeling that my phone is more than okay yet keeps it on the lighter side. Along with the rubber covers over the aux and power port make it even better..
R9CJ9LQ20SRZ2	2	Great if mounted to a very smooth surface. The product seems to work as advertised.  The red dot in the magnet is rubber and provides friction on the smooth ball bearing when it sticks, that's how your phone stays in place.  The magnet stuck to the back of my phone very well but the ball bearing mount did not stick to the dash of my truck.  I have a Tundra and the dash surface is a bit rough so the 3m sticky pad provided with the purchase didn't stick.  After the first one didn't stick I tried a second sticky pad and it stuck for maybe 15 minutes.  I'm currently working with the manufacturer to come up with a solution. If you have a 'somewhat' smooth dash this product would work great.
R1AJRHSCIA5J63	5	Five Stars Great tool to replace one lost in fire. Though reconditioned, like new. Thanks!! Delivered as promised.
R10X3KD8XBN0KM	5	Fast charging car adapter The dual 4.8A car charger has been a lifesaver time after time. I don’t know how many car charger adapters I went through but I am glade that the past is past. This little thing is power because it can charge my iPhone quicker than any other car charger I have ever tried.  I love the fact that it is dual port instead of one. Having 2 adults in the car make it hard to charge two devices simultaneously. Now my husband and I don’t have to work for each other to charge our phone.  The blue LED indicator is nice to help me identified that I have power going through my charger. Some car charger don’t have that feature and if it does- the blue light is too bright. I didn’t have any issue with the indicator light whatsoever.  You can also tell that woopower make good product like this car charger, because they take pride in ensuring that they build a great product. With customer in mind, they had added the circuit protection, protecting over-current, short-circuit, over charge and over temperature. The company also included a 12-month warranty of the car charger. This is a great company that produces great product.  *Received this product at a discounted price for an exchange for an honest review.
R2N90YAUYV56CX	5	Five Stars Love it...does exactly what it's supposed to do.
R2M5A825IOCS8U	1	You get what you pay for. Only works for one charge and only charges for about 30 minutes before it gets hot to the touch and shuts itself off.. Invest some money into a name brand one. This is what I get for being cheap. -_-
R293Q9WK6V8AB5	5	It looks nice though. Works well!  A little smaller than the actual screen. It looks nice though.
R1FMP0OBX1E7LF	5	So far the quality has been great. I've had it less than a month so ... So far the quality has been great. I've had it less than a month so we will have to see what
R37I1O5BO65NK8	5	Five Stars Works great!
R3A5CIEQQFW4V5	3	great case. great case.... rugged, belt clip is very sturdy and after dropping the phone a few time, there has been ZERO damage.  FOLLOWUP 1/2016 --- Ok so I have just purchased this case for the 3rd time. (June 2015, Nov 2015 and Jan 2015.  I have also lowered my review score for reasons as follows: I still think that this is a really good case.  I still feel that the belt clip is still very sturdy as well.  My problem as been that the small clip that holds the phone on the holster as broken off twice already.  I havent put excessive force onto it when it has broken.  Both times, it has broken while I was sitting.  Im not sure what the problem is, but if they sold the holster separately, or even made that clip out of metal, maybe it would last longer.  I am attaching a photo of the broken holster clip.  Otherwise a great case.
R35G883AAOY8SM	5	Its a good case and will help protect his phone My son loves his new case. Its a good case and will help protect his phone!
R2JROFI0U22YP9	5	great product Flawless delivery Well made and sleek I love the way it snaps in place I'm ordering a few more
R3R2IZWABX1DL3	1	I did not like this at all I did not like this at all. Very bad. It seemed to be a case not just stickers also there are no holes where needed for camera area
R2MV86HHKFCLLW	5	Five Stars The product looks sharp and works well.
R38BLVRJG7RT13	4	Lanyard?? It works fine..but it has a lanyard, and nowhere on the instructions does it tell you how to or where to hook it...
RRPEXJQHCXADJ	5	Cute Design Very snug on phone which is perfect. There is no gapping which I have had issues with in the past. Very cute design. The stylus did have a small dent in it, however I think that was due to the postal service not being careful. Great purchase overall.
R3RY26U6G23KA5	2	Decent battery but mine only lasted 3 months and 5 charges. I purchased this battery through a daily deal. It seemed like a nice hefty battery pack and the digital display was a handy feature. Unfortunately after only 5 charge cycles the pack will no longer accept a charge. Too late to return to Amazon but I could pursue the 1 year warranty from Maxboost. Obviously it might not even be feasible to ship it back and forth.
R2LC4E3TB7THAP	5	But what if you also had a reliable smart watch at your side Time is an essential thing bc people have places to be at certain times. But what if you also had a reliable smart watch at your side? The opportunities could be limitless, you could call people through the watch on your wrist, late to go meet someone? Call them through your watch and tell them you'll be late. It'll all be possible if you own this watch, which in my opinion is an amazing product that can help anybody.
R2VZ7DVGCJ4D4T	5	Seller was great! Thank you Exactly what I was looking for. Seller was great! Thank you!
R38OAH01CA8Y56	2	Don't bother, go with another in the Dash line I played with the phone for a couple of hours after we go it activated on the carrier.  It kept showing the Eastern time zone and would not change the date format per the system settings.  After adding the Google account, it would not update the contacts or calendar.  Finally, it kept giving me an error when I tried to update the software.  For a few dollars more, you can get one of the other Dash line like &#34;C Music&#34; which I had no trouble with.
R2N9LLX6GZINBP	1	Was not cut right and was not happy at all Was not cut right and was not happy at all. I threw them away because there was no need for them.
R53Q7OD6NCEB2	5	A wardrobe must have cool colors and patterns - it's fun to mix and match outifts
R16708AFIS6VQU	3	Three Stars Okay, but they drop out alot.
RE6YEZUJU7AOL	5	Five Stars Very good quality
R92FUKBSO9I4V	1	Noise and bad sound I'm a little disappointed, you have an annoying noise as if a loose cable on the left side, the sound is not expected
R1ZBPN9OK96JCW	5	Five Stars Good solid case
R36ZC8HMOOYEJ2	1	Don't waste your money Product stinks only worked for a short time
R1CFJSQ4YTLARY	3	Three Stars the kick stand broke :(
R1U891JPZ9ZRO4	5	Awesome! Great protection at a great price.
RSH6RDLTPHLW4	5	Five Stars Worth
R3O0SM4BETGPHM	5	Excellent replacement part. Great replacement part with perfect fit and color match. Repair done by gluing (with LOCA) the replacement glass back onto the LCD results in a strong result that looks and acts like new. Great product.
RPH5EHGJ27H9O	4	I like its design and gold color It works well, charging my i-phone 6 perfectly. I like its design and  gold color, too.
R3UQ6I8EDJ7DAM	1	JUNK junk
R1ZB72RNXVPZH4	4	Four Stars Setting not selectable, takes too long to cycle through each information line. Maybe I'm just impatient
RMH3SKPE881O9	1	and like most people Did not work after only 20 days...and like most people, did not want to go through the trouble of returning it.
R2794W2E8BQZDH	1	It doesn't fit the phone. It doesn't  fit  the  phone.
RAAK0VO6XFAKY	5	Five Stars great protection and not overly bulky.
R2ZEUMD7MI2NNT	5	AMAZING Product Absolutely amazing. I got mine and its actually smaller then i had though which is awesome and charges my phone fairly quickly. Also came already half charged which was nice
R2LM8ZBR325VH0	4	Four Stars Great Quality
R316ON7F89EHNK	5	Five Stars Great product
R5QLKZOEAY6IG	1	One Star 2 of them did not work
R2K48BZD59GEW6	5	Other buyer probably wine and complain too much No the greatest phone, better than iPhone 4 for under 100 and how cool the phone looks, great deal.
R34QBQHW1O02QK	1	One Star Did not work on my IPhone 6 so I basically waisted my money. But only rated it 1star for this reason only.
R23TK4H7G6090A	1	This did not fit my iphone 5. the phone ... This did not fit my iphone 5.  the phone pops out of the hard shell.  I wouldn't buy this again
R1MLJCG7096DD7	5	Five Stars Love this case and I order 2 more. Nice design .Perfect fit. Very good price.
R3LE661URJU2FF	5	Five Stars nice and sparkly
R13TRT7NZG3O1I	5	Five Stars works great
RBLI73HY0K67R	5	Five Stars Works great
R3M9SI5OQ18HPB	5	6 ports, no disappointments Another quality product from Anker! Simple, well designed, packaging and product. Charges all of my devices at full speed. I suspect it could even power my house in a pinch. Some people are stocking up on weapons for the apocalypse; I'm going to stock up on batteries and chargers :)
R39OUXTQKO230L	3	Decent and did the job Purchased the waterproof case for a trip to Hawaii. I tested it out with tissue paper in shallow water. I was a little nervous taking it in deep water, but it was fine. I took it snorkeling but the plastic cover makes it hard to sometimes see how your pictures are coming out. Regardless, I was happy with the purchase. It kept my phone dry and allowed me to take some decent pictures for what it was. Not sure I would take it diving or anything crazy, but like I said, it did the job for the light stuff.
R3KMJYTARCF6MO	5	... our KDLinks X1 Full-HD camera and we are so happy with it In June we bought our KDLinks X1 Full-HD camera and we are so happy with it. Very good image quality, easily to set it up and to use. The mounting unit, windshield suction cup, is really great very easy to mount. We are ordering the second unit.
RF3QOYZOV2SPT	5	Five Stars EXCELLENT!!!!!  The price was AMAZING.  I have already recommended this phone to friends and family.  Thank YOU.
R12EOPMPY067LX	5	Love the built in cable and charger Small-ish capacity, but charges my phone at least 2-3 times fully. Love the built in cable and charger. This goes in my bag everywhere with me
R3T2YLOW6037BV	5	Five Stars Wonderfull.
R1OUD5EDE89CZK	3	Three Stars Broke the first month we had it
R2C2XXP2QP0U4D	5	a great addition to anyone's charging  station 22ctech, USB CHARGER, 6 Port USB Charger, 60 Watt, POWERFUL, PORTABLE Charger, Rapid, Travel Charger, with Auto Detect Technology, Desktop Charger  FOR REVIEW EXCELLENT  desk top charger,this is a great addition to anyone's charging  station or just take it with you; this thing is all around one of the best and most powerful combined. the auto detect feature is the bomb, truly glade i got this in my book it is top of the line
R2BDOH5YW7EDMH	5	Five Stars Great product.
R1FLX2B4S7RKE4	5	Great quality! Got these for my 8 year old ... Great quality! Got these for my 8 year old for her YouTube videos and there's lots of room to grow.
R24VNSYXBLE3IF	5	Affordable High-Quality USB 3.0 Hub with Integrated Charging Ports I have owned many HooToo and RAVPower products and when I came around to needing a multi-port USB 3.0 Hub, I saw the HooToo HT-UH010 model and was very interested so I picked one up.  I couldn't be happier with my decision, as this hub is awesome!  It has 7 USB 3.0 ports which you can use for any device, such as USB Flash Drives, Portable or Desktop Hard Drives, etc.  On top of that, it has 2 additional ports which can charge any smartphone or tablet (1 port is 1A and 1 port is up to 2.1A).  This is something you don't see on a lot of hubs... only the more expensive ones.  The reason it's nice is because you can save space on your desk since your hub can act a desktop charger too for a tablet and/or smartphone.  I often find myself charging my phone while having other data devices connected in the other USB 3.0 ports.  Aside from that, the construction of the hub itself is very solid for being made of plastic.  The ports have adequate spacing, LED indicators, and it uses the industry standard VIA Labs VL812 chipset inside.  I highly recommend this product and actually am considering buying yet another HooToo product... their USB 3.0 Docking Station for my laptop.  :-)
RFK449XBKQMMI	5	Five Stars Beautiful!
R1AJA75YZ6X6SY	4	A great portable solution for backup power across multiple devices Having the right amount of battery power is a constant essential for video shoots but with various camera, monitor and lighting systems it's sometimes best to bring a power solution that can work across multiple devices. The Kayo Maxtar 12V is a portable and powerful battery that's a great addition for your shooting kit.  The Kayo Maxtar 12V comes in a compact, hardshell zipper carrying case and has a rectangular design with a red and black colorway and glossy plastic finish. It's lightweight with a minimalist feel. Although the Maxtar is meant to be stationary, it would have been great to have a 1/4-20 thread to mount it on to a small tripod or shoulder rig.  On the top is a high powered LED light which has 3 modes (flash, strobe and SOS) which lasts over 120 hours. While it's not a crucial feature, it's nice to have a flashlight handy during a night shoot.  A closer look at the accessories reveal a power charger, car charger, jumper cables, and various power connectors. One caveat is that the power cord for the connectors is short which means any device that you are powering must be stationed very close to the Maxtar.  Nothing can ruin a good shoot than backup battery power that can't keep up with your usage. Thankfully, the Kayo Maxtar 12V is capable of multiple charges. It's high capacity cells can fully charge an iPhone 6 at least 4 times, a Samsung S5 about 3 times, an HTC One about 3 times and a Mini iPad about 2 times.  The dual 20V 3.5A and 12V 2.5A is also a nice touch which is ideal for powering up small devices like an LED light or external monitor. Again, it would have been nice if there was a mounting solution for the Maxtar but some industrial velcro straps or zip ties should do the trick.  Another interesting feature are the included 12V jumper cables to jump start your vehicle. While I didn't have an opportunity to test this out, it's a nice addition and much more convenient way to jump start your car instead using another vehicle.  Overall, the Kayo Maxtar 12V is a highly affordable power bank that runs much cheaper than some other Li-Ion solutions on the market. Having this in my kit assures that I'll have power available if anything goes wrong - like an uncharged battery - which happens sometimes. Sure it's not immediately adaptable for video rigs but with some DIY techniques, it's a much cheaper alternative than standard V-Mount style batteries. The Kayo Maxtar 12V is definitely worth considering if you're looking to have an all in one battery backup solution for any situation.
R17EO615L3E8EJ	5	Fabulous product & deal!! After going through a few waterproof cameras that were pretty pricey, & didn't even take pictures that were very clear I decided to give this option a go. I figured at less than $15 this would be a great  deal if it worked & if not then I would definitely be sending it back. Well....This waterproof pouch is truly AMAZING!!! I was VERY skeptical & did not get my hopes up too high (especially because of the low price), but after testing as instructed I was confident that my iPhone would be safe. My iPhone 5S has an Otterbox on it & fits perfectly inside with room to spare. I could even place our seasons passes for our local water park & our USB (for transferring purchased pics. at the water park) inside with my phone. The instructions said to put a piece of paper towel inside, close, & submerge in a sink full of water for an hour or more. I actually filled a large bowel with water, sat that in the sink, opened my pouch, inserted dry paper towel inside, closed it as instructed, placed it in the bowl & then placed a smaller bowl full of water on top so it wouldn't float up, & left it for several hours. Sure enough when opened later that day the paper towel was completely dry. I will admit ... even after the initial test I was still a little worried, so I didn't use it underwater on our first visit to the water park. BUT I have now used this pouch 4 times (once a week) at our local water park, testing it out each time before going, & felt safe enough to finally use it underwater repeatedly. We took several underwater pics. & video yesterday while enjoying the water, & all of them came out splendidly without any issues whatsoever. I would recommend always testing your pouch before using it for your phone (as instructed) since cellphones are not cheap. Honestly, I was quite shocked at how clear the video came out! The still pictures did not come out quite as clear, but they are still better than the last underwater camera I purchased (& I'm positive that has more to do with my camera more than this pouch anyway.) I have no complaints whatsoever. The length of of the lanyard is nice as it hangs at chest level, & if you like it shorter you can always loop it at the back to shorten it as you would any other lanyard. It's light weight, crystal clear, & at this point we have not had any issues with condensation or anything else even in the HOT Texas heat. I highly recommend this pouch. In fact I'm thinking I may buy an extra just to have when/if I ever have issues with this one. I have included a few pictures so you can see how clear the pictures really are. I love that we can even see all of the little bubbles & movement in the water as my daughter jumped into the water off of her Daddy's shoulders!more to do with my camera more than this pouch anyway.) I have no complaints whatsoever. The length of of the lanyard is nice as it hangs at chest level, & if you like it shorter you can always loop it at the back to shorten it as you would any other lanyard. It's light weight, crystal clear, & at this point we have not had any issues with condensation or anything else even in the HOT Texas heat. I highly recommend this pouch. In fact I'm thinking I may buy an extra just to have when/if I ever have issues with this one. I have included a few pictures so you can see how clear the pictures really are. I love that we can even see all of the little bubbles & movement in the water as my daughter jumped into the water off of her Daddy's shoulders!
R2951Z391G1CET	5	I'm the one This Glass protector is everything I wanted. Easy to install. Just follow the directions. I think they have a Youtube video on how to apply​ the Glass.
R3S0QQ4PV6TX07	5	Excellent Quality Selfie Stick Really nice &#34;selfie stick&#34;  No more having to keep your &#34;stick&#34; charged and running out of juice in the middle of the day.  This stick (I bought the all black version) is well made and put together with care.
RFGH2MAOD3QIE	5	Phone case Excellent
RGOODV4JCQ673	4	Four Stars Pretty, but flimsy.
R3JNV1S7GBMZHA	5	This was a great purchase. I used this on vacation in Italy ... This was a great purchase. I used this on vacation in Italy with a European power adapter. I was charging two devices every night, one time 3 (all Apple products). No issues with charge time; no issues with heat on the charger. Plugged it in, went to bed, woke up to 100% charge.
R1WDH210KJXIH	5	Five Stars it works great!
R2DELZ5UJWJN2K	5	havent used it yet. but appears to be well ... havent used it yet.  but appears to be well made and durable.
R1EXZYTZU638C1	1	This product doesn't work! This product does not work. Don't waste your money & time. Don't believe the positive reviews written on this product, as it is completely false. Amazon should remove such products from it's site.
RWQ0T466WAD16	5	... it to me sooner than I expected and I'm pleased with it Made it to me sooner than I expected and I'm pleased with it.
R2GVFCCUALRQ0K	2	Two Stars If u need a better one,  don't go for this
R2PT1BX5MZ2KZ3	5	I bought this USB cable because I needed to be ... I bought this USB cable because I needed to be able to distinguish it from all the other USB  cords that I have, and it certainly does that.  It  works really well, arrived on time and packaged well. All in all,  I'm well please.
R36YZ1QUXSMWXF	1	Daughter dislikes... My daughter does not like it, I want to return it but don't have the receipt. I lost it somehow. Anyway I can return it without a receipt??
R2PRVI2KY1GYIT	5	Works great I always go outside at night and although I have lights around the house there is one corner which we fail to install a light fixture. I've been thinking about get a motion sensor light for a while, so when I received this Solar motion sensor light free of charge to test it and share my honest opinion, it was heaven sent. This is a compact light, but don't be fooled by its size because it does brighten when on! It has 4 LED lights and it is solar charged, therefor you only job is to install it where you desire and just enjoy it! The seller is nice to send you a set of screws and mollies and a hook pin with it. Works great  and I am thinking I need to order a few more for my trees towards the end of the property where my dogs cruise at night. Great MPOW product as usual.
R37Z8UQXDZKPTS	1	Not happy with it The metal back on it interferes with the signal!! :(
RF6J1UHY8C71N	1	One Star didn't hold a charge from day one ,waist of time and money!
R3K6NFAT8WOMNN	5	Basic headset that's works well! Simple and can't beat its price. Been using it for two weeks and no complaints.
R2VAHCQMF8YBP0	5	Five Stars Made a great gift.
R2NZDPQNBERTYJ	5	Highly recommend! Works great, super convenient all for a cheap price! Just wish I would have gotten black color instead of tan as tan shows the dirt.
RH15HR7B7BGRO	4	Love the case Love the case.  Suction cup came out but still stays closed so that's fine.  Strange almost undetectable magnet or something inside lower flap door where credit card goes.  Not sure why it's there... but case does the job nicely.
R1OOB2ZOZ43GJ6	5	Great Purchase I purchased this for my grandson's phone. He loves it. Very sturdy and protects the phone.
R33NYABK09DKAC	5	Five Stars Great case. Great protection. Would buy again.
R2EKLUSO87EW5O	2	Nice concept, but short-lived Love the concept, but it fell apart within 2 months.  The stripping along the edges started pealing off.  The cover for the card insert came apart so now the cards fall out.
R3L422INK0FIEV	5	Five Stars does this phone have a place for a sd card
R1JL3M3AGUPZAF	1	One Star only worked 2 weeks
R2SLOLSA90I5P0	3	Three Stars Scratched very easily, had to replace it within a month. The privacy screen was nice though.
R23QI9EIJTPM34	5	Must have if you are among those who have forgotten ... Must have if you are among those who have forgotten license or credit acrd at home and have started driving with just phone in hand
RI4V57XIHYKV4	4	Four Stars Good product. Fast delivery
R2PKQJFCM4CVKO	3	This case is great if you are planning to use the belt clip This case is great if you are planning to use the belt clip. I purchased it hoping that I could remove the belt clip at times and just use the case, but this is not an option with this case. I only kept it because the return shipping was to high.
R1UJXNV55CVB60	5	Five Stars Great seler
RPQKED4UNXCGM	5	Five Stars Thank you
RTF70E1RCO3SU	5	Five Stars Delivered as promised - works great.
R19VHO7YPTJKN5	4	A good reliable case for your phone. The case protects my phone well and I have dropped it like 6 times and it looks in great condition. And plus is the ports ar protected. It comes with a screen protector which is super easy to install if you are unsure just look at YouTube videos on how to place it without any bubbles. The only con is the ports get dusty. And I don't like that the apple symbol is exposed like it's not really necessary.
R34685AM4OKJHO	5	Five Stars Love it
R3MKQ9ENV6YBXE	3	not as good at the IPhone 5 glass as the black is ... not as good at the IPhone 5 glass as the black is not stuck to the phone just kind of floats.
R713E1MD0J11G	3	It's ok. It's an ok case. But Ballistic apparently doesn't make a case for the 5c that is good as the ones the make for other iPhones; the Hard Core. At least if they do, Amazon doesn't seem to carry it. Too bad. The Hard Core is a great case.
R2DLHWWYH4MT7T	1	The "genuine" Apple OEM charger is not an Apple charger ... The &#34;genuine&#34; Apple OEM charger is not an Apple charger.  It worked the first day, but charged very slowly.  Now when I try to charge you get this message that it can't be charged.
R3OSWGDZNH96G6	5	Five Stars It works great. Just wish that maybe there were air vents for the summer. Sweaty
R1NUYXKXOW7AG7	5	Five Stars this is genuine genius.
RLV5A2R0WK7YX	5	Company supports customers Update 9/19/2015: I received another power supply sent by Anker's customer support. It has been working great for more than a week now. They are concerned about keeping their customers happy.  Update 9/3/15: Company has contact me to get faulty unit swapped out - will post updates...  Original review: Started out fine, did great duty on my trip to Kenya in December. A few weeks after returning to the U.S., a port died, leaving the connected device with a dead battery. Now, two more ports have died, leaving only two working. Not worth the effort to return, just to get another that will die the same way (read other reviews). Ports die, do not buy
R2BBNBTM40G6ZH	5	Five Stars It is great!!
R1VAU911JX71PH	5	She doesn't normally pay with credit or debit cards so that works fine for her I purchased this as a gift for my mom. She's used it every day for a few months and loves it. There is enough space for cash, a drivers licence and maybe 2 more cards. She doesn't normally pay with credit or debit cards so that works fine for her. If you have lots of cards this might not be for you. It fits the phone well and she doesn't find it hard to use with the case on. The included stylus is ok, she doesn't use it. I think this case is a great value! Locally these same cases are sold for twice or three times what you pay here on Amazon. So don't think that you always get what you pay for because at your mall you might be paying more for the same stuff.
RJZ581QNUXKSZ	5	Five Stars Works great
R3AAGJ3O18OTFA	1	Poor Quality - avoid Poor quality - lucky you get three, pretty difficult to install - first time I installed it I was trying to fix a bubble and it broke.  The second one was fine, but after a while it was scratched very easily.  The corners started bubbling up so I bought an ArmorShield - don't bother with these.
RKVLDPJQ2JS7X	2	Two Stars not happy
R1VAIHKZNWJ9WJ	5	I alway enjoy listening to music while in the shower I received this product at a discount in return for an unbiased review of the product. I was so excited to receive this speaker, I alway enjoy listening to music while in the shower, but it's hard to hear when the speaker is outside the shower. And the shower radio I had does always pick up well. With the Bluetooth shower speaker you can listen to what you want to listen to. And with the speaker being in the shower you do not have to turn it up so loud everyone in the house has to listen to it. I also used this in my hot tub, we could listen to music without the fear of getting our phones wet and it worked amazingly. The sound is awesome too, to be a small speaker it has a great sound. I was very impressed with this product. I highly recommend it!
R2QHODX92JNS0S	5	Tested for 4 days off the grid...not disappointed! I purchased one of these along with an Anker 10000MH battery pack specifically for a trip off the grid in a tipi.  I smoke an ecig with lots of batteries that needed charging.  I've also got an obvious cell phone.  The solar panel is great.  It opens up to catch as much sun as possible.  Even in the shade (which I was most of the time) it was still able to charge a battery and cell.  My car charging ports were all taken by my gf's stuff so I had to rely on my charger.  I used the solar charger in the back of my car while driving to place to place in full sun.  Even if it wasn't getting full sun in the back of my car, it would still charge.  The Anker 10000 MH battery pack takes about 16 hours to charge from dead to full plugged into an outlet.  I wasn't able to ever get it fully charged with only 4-6 hours of off/on sunlight but it worked.  Again, the tipi we stayed in was surrounded by trees.  We were in complete shade, yet it still charged for the most part.  It is rugged, although the grommets could have been placed in a slightly different arrangement to allow a user to hang it a bit better.  The little pouch kinda gets in the way...or if it was flipped 180 degrees, you would hang it while holding your stuff.  Overall, I was very pleased.  Went all weekend at a place with no electricity yet still used my cell phone and ecig anytime I needed.  Great product.
R23F5FTBIK57YS	5	Really cute case and it fits my phone perfectly. ... Really cute case and it fits my phone perfectly.  Probably not the most protective case I could have bought, but it has stood up to a few minor drops.
R1TC0RF50VBZT8	4	I have an old iphone 3gs that i plan to ... I have an old iphone 3gs that i plan to use it permanently as an ipod touch, in my mini cooper conv 2009.That particular cable is the only one that makes my phone appears as an ipod at the central screen.It allows navigation through lists ,albums, artists etc.Of course ,due to limitations of my mini's audio, this is quite an awkward way to explore ipod. All in all, the cable does the job as expected. In comparison , several other adaptors for 3gs or 4, even for 5 or 6 iphones, they just pass the signal to aux .
R2GOB4GWXXNDIL	5	Five Stars Perfect fit and good protection for the EasyAcc Classic 10000mAh Power Bank.
R24VSERY1L9WDU	5	Five Stars Great product fast shipping
RCPHWQYGF0RED	4	Super glued it back on The magnetic clasp fell off in less than 24 hours of use. Super glued it back on. Been great ever since.
R10SAZLHTODREK	5	Perfect replacement when the case is cracked. Purchased as replacement for a cracked case, perfect fit, and nice to swap colors occasionally.
R1EDUMAKCT4HTJ	5	Does as Described! Love it, does exactly what I need it to do and that is keep me hands free while enjoying my music in the gym! Lightweight, can barely tell I am even wearing it! Definitely recommend this product.
R1MV35ILKAG9TY	5	Low quality and defect near camera All fine, easy to apply, i did in couple of minutes.
R3256NXJFGW9RE	5	Five Stars Love them. Such a convenient devise for iPhone and iPad when making notes elsewhere!!
R34S6LQ9G186LN	5	Five Stars arrived quickly- very satisfied
RSKTRQ5UQBYBE	5	Five Stars The colors are great but the side buttons require some effort to push.
R10KWDVMBD7SUG	5	Five Stars good for price
R2V2Y96BH880BC	5	Love mine Love this case it protects and organizes as well as looks awesome!!
R1FQ2KV2DVI7D4	5	Five Stars Great addition to a techie family car!  Works GREAT for the whole family.
R2RFOTBBQVLIVO	5	Five Stars Love it
RO3K6JSHQUHQM	5	Light and easy! Not too thick like you would expect! Easy to carry around the cable and the case is super protective. I received a discount on my order for a fair review.
R6BQATUVR1WYU	1	One Star Junk!!
R1WTVOZNIJHM29	5	Works with the 1st UP This one DOES charge an UP 1st gen
RP4SDUQRN155	2	Two Stars Disappointed. Making due but doesn't really fit my vent. My phone flops down.
R1UD6ZWX2BOYLQ	5	Singin' in the rain. I'm singin' in the rain. We have several avid bikers in the family and all of them have used the clamp-and-cradle type phone holders that  mount on the handlebar and keep your phone where you can see it at all times.  They're handy, but what do you do if it rains?  We live in an area with high annual rainfall.  Particularly in some seasons and particularly if you're riding in the mountains, a day-long ride is very likely to include some rain.  You can take your phone out of the phone holder and put it in your backpack or waist pack, but that kind of defeats the purpose, doesn't it?  This innovative holder has a universal adjustable clamp that attaches easily to any bike.  Once it's in place. you can rotate the holder so that your phone is horozontal or vertical.  You can also push the red button and detach the holder from the mount.  Handy if you want to take your phone inside without removing it from the waterproof envelope and exposing it to moisture.  The holder itself is a heavy-duty waterproof nylon.  The back is heavily reinforced and the velcro that keeps it closed  does the job.  The thick plastic &#34;window&#34; allows you access to your phone while protecting it from rain.  It's roomy enough to handle even the new larger phones and phones that are in a case.  ***** I was given a free sample of this product.  The seller offered nothing but the sample and asked for nothing but an honest opinion.*****  Everyone who's seen this (and some of them are experienced bikers) has been impressed.  All of them commented that the price is right and that it looks like it will stand up to a LOT of hard use - which is what a bike-mount phone holder gets.  The seller must agree, since they offer a full year's warranty. The design is good and both the materials and the workmanship are excellent.  If you ride in the rain, you should consider it.
R3EA7IDVB3Y795	5	Look Periscopers! Really very nice piece of equipment.  Sets snug as a bug in a rug and is great fun when Periscoping.  No need to try to prop my iphone when using GPS either.  This is absolutely the greatest.
RVYIAERG5L34Y	1	One Star Phone did not work with this case on.  Quite disappointing.
R2BNVJR1H4GGAU	5	Works like a charm No bubbles and extremely easy to use
R1MRKPNHIV15EO	5	Genuine Product I registered my product at fusionexcelintl.com, it worked perfectly.
R1VKJZ0MAP47QA	2	seems pretty flimsy. I wont be using It's just ok.. seems pretty flimsy.I wont be using it
R2MZQUHLWIM2FD	5	Five Stars Great product. Easy to order.
R32YHB1ZZNBWE	3	fairly easy to install Bought the two pack on Amazon…  one was okay….fairly easy to install.  The other actually had a bubble in the glass…  I finally figured out that it wasn't a piece of lint causing the problem.  Looked under magnification to find a bubble in the glass.  Also,,  the edges do not seal well..  It is, I'm sure, a problem inherent with all iPhone 6 tempered glass protectors because of their stiffness…  Love the fact that it doesn't scratch easily….  Update:  A replacement was delivered promptly.  Now, four months later I've had an interesting occurrence.  My iPhone 6 screen has several cracks from side to side.  However, the tempered glass protector is not cracked.  I don't know how the cracks occurred.  I didn't drop my phone.  I'm not sure what to make of this other than it seems obvious that the protector screen is much more durable than the iPhone screen, otherwise the protector would have been cracked as well.  The three star rating still stands due to the bubbles in the first screen and the sealing issues around the edges.
R26A9QDFVR4HKP	5	2008 F250 Success Exactly what i needed. Works in my 08 f250. Thanks!
R32M9ZBSSS4VRB	5	So happy with my case i so would buy from this ... So happy with my case i so would buy from this seller again an the case came quicker then i thought i give this seller five stars an would recommend to my friends an family 😊
R3PFNCW0QZXDOC	1	Really sad because this is so Received it and that day it was leaking water. Really sad because this is so pretty
R3GWKBFWKMKLMM	1	Not a durable headset.... Stopped charging after only two months use...will never purchase again.
R3UE36T1ILWZBO	3	quality Ok case for the price
R1CLYO8U4JHVOJ	5	The headphone have a great sound quality when listening to music. &#34;The headphone have a great sound quality when listening to music. I've been told that I am heard clearly when using it during a call. The headphones are really comfortable around my neck, they're flexible and light. They also last me a long time until I have to charge them again.&#34;
RF70VBUBBBWQZ	5	Five Stars Hits hard great amp!
R1D02Y6MXIERG6	5	Great case...still in shape! This little case is still around and in good shape. I purchased this almost over a year ago and am just now posting a review but the case is still in tact and in great shape. Thanks for a good quality product!
R30ALBMW9H63QC	3	Three Stars Good
R3BBEYRLDYBYBX	5	Great cable! Love this cable! Durable, no tangles, just the right size. Couldn't ask for anything more!
RW7YT76FSG36W	5	Five Stars Great for size and power!
R2WX4F0XR3D9KX	4	Four Stars Overall it is very good, but the plastic kickstand broke almost immediately.
R286H29OI9TL6Y	1	One Star Stopped working after 6 month.
R1VX7F3ARFLJFL	1	Does not fit iPhone 5 Incorrect product - label is correct BUT does not fit. Check before ordering or else you'll end up returning like me. No fun.
R19NF7V3200WQS	5	Five Stars Awesome...love it
RKFFYQ7FR41Y3	5	easy to install 10/10 Quick delivery. Item as described, easy to install 10/10.
R3G2VGJLQ8TL0S	4	The battery arrived quickly. Turns out the phone I ... The battery arrived quickly.  Turns out the phone I bought the battery for was totally broken, so I bought another G'zOne, same model  the battery works, but it is thicker than the original one.  I can not use my charging station, or belt clip with it.  I can still charge it with the direct plug in wire.  It was very reasonably priced and had free shipping!  I will keep it for electric outages or when I go camping.  Please note these phones are not Labrador Retriever proof!
RKAXCZ20FVWNW	3	Three Stars It does the job. Doesn't stay in the vent long with frequent retrieval sin your phone.
RO7338B9EGRJT	1	didn't work for me Does not work with Samsung S5.
R31WFJD3ACF6KL	5	wonderful it works great
R2ARB98ASTVFD	5	Quality Product! Easy to install.  The rubber tabs provide a secondary line of defense and sense of security for when you hit those unexpected bumps in the road.
R3M7UNTKZXO5PT	5	my phone and wallet, together at last I love this case; and now that I store my wallet's contents in the same place as my iPhone, I have renamed the App &#34;Find my iPhone&#34; to &#34;find my wallet!&#34;
R1SIKZ9WY9J2UA	4	Makes Texting in Bed SO much easier Works as expected several months in. And such a pretty color, too! :-)
R1T234WA3GCYY1	4	Does the job This works great.I did have an issue with the items but their customer service support helped me fix the issue right away. This helps so much getting the kids electronic devices charged for school fast and easy...no more looking for free plug ins or half charging an item so the next one can be charged...this saves my day!!
R1RUATK8JJYTKJ	5	Five Stars Great.
R2XFKE6J50Z8VI	1	It now resides in the garbage. The white portions of this discolored significantly in a short period of time and no cleanser I have tried would restore its whiteness. It now resides in the garbage.
R3V2PBSIJSQ7WN	2	Two Stars Doesn't stay in place on the Fitbit Charge
ROEX1OTGSQF8A	5	Best micro-USB cord on the market. These cable are amazing.  They are made solid!  I don't think the USB plug ends will ever loosen up, and the braided sheathing should give this cable years of useful life.  I plan to order more soon.
R2S56R65MJCTLR	5	looks great. Fits perfectly, looks great.
R3QEPMBAITUEPX	5	Excellent customer service Exactly as described
R1AJRPRX8IS008	5	Amazing screen protector Amazing screen protector. I've had it for over a couple months and still doing the job. Very easy to apply as well
R2KF16JSI6NGJ5	2	Sound quality pretty decent and would have given it a 4 stars ... Sound quality pretty decent and would have given it a 4 stars but somehow died after 2 months of using.
R2M3JVX34QTQ0B	5	Five Stars It looks great for G note 3
R1FHVSJXGX38B2	4	other than that its a great product for such a decent price Arrived  supper fast. . Definitely Waterproof Only downside was the cover is huge, other than that its a great product for such a decent price.
R2OLQS0PX51LML	1	Bad fit, the phone wobbles inside Ugly fit...Bad fit, the phone wobbles inside... OK glossy print at the back, but nothing special... Waste of money and time!  Was in the bin after just few minutes on.  Will keep looking. I would give it half a star if I can...
RC1YVWW3GU6JT	5	Anker is a great company, and they completely stand behind their products We charge 4 Nexus 7 tablets multiple times a day, and occasionally phones. This thing just sits there and does our bidding (as long as our bidding is charging devices). Anker is a great company, and they completely stand behind their products.
RPIPI1UBC836O	5	great case,great price LOVE this case! Hated my Lifeproof case for the 6 Plus-I couldn't hear or be heard, unlike with my Lifeproof for iPhone 5. Love this Merit case & for a fraction of the price of the Lifeproof case.
RI61ARWCM2XZC	4	Great little holder Great little holder. It's meant for your car, but I also use it on my night stand to watch videos when I'm going to bed. It grips my phone really well. The only downside is the vent clip doesn't work that well in my truck.
R1KUL7BSMQNWMC	5	Great way to show your Disney love. My niece loved this cover.  It provides great protection for the iPhone.
R1L25U4QGYLYVJ	2	Two Stars Does not stick well. One corner already curling up.
R1SGXHJYRNOFOO	4	Four Stars It work very well...
R1VFSP899N1DF3	3	Three Stars Works just fine.
R354UPZHITPCV5	1	One Star It was so cheap I couldn't put it in my phone. Ordered something else
R1A2D15ZQU3VE7	1	When you put the battery in the back will not ... When you put the battery in the back will not close and so it wont stay on. Im returning this product as it does not meet the requirements it offers.
RZ441J0J26LWR	4	Unicorn CAse Nice case for showing off your iPhone.  I use it to protect the skin I adhered to the bs I of my phone
R3T74EWWTKCEPJ	5	Five Stars Worked great, very durable.
R3T893JPBRTR6C	5	this works great. leaves no marks on my phone at all this works great. leaves no marks on my phone at all. its very easy to apply and left no bubbles! thank you for making this a review product! i love it
R12TG78GUGLDN7	5	Five Stars Great quality
R3SYGDCUAX7M5F	5	Five Stars Very sturdy and looks great. I love how it feels.
R2H1VXKEN5AGTQ	1	One Star crap
R3KT7E56BEA3ME	5	So Simple / So Perfect! After trying multiple cell holders in the car, I am still stunned by how much better this one is!!  So simple, and so perfect.  Literally makes me a better driver, because I'm never &#34;messing&#34; with a contraption to get my hands-free setup just right --- the magnet makes it effortless. Thanks for inventing! :)  June 2016 Update -- I have re-ordered these 3 times as gifts for friends, because once they see mine in action they flip for it!  Several of us had tried other brands that didn't have strong enough magnet, so were frustrating to use.  Thanks for being strong, WizGear!! - K
R36PZXNR6HXZ3E	5	Five Stars Like
R19QYRF6QAYYVD	5	Five Stars Love it
R31P2TY53H17Y9	5	Five Stars Love it is. Very easy to use.
R35HYWDP6C7OHI	5	It is an excellent replacement for the one that came originally with my ... It is an excellent replacement for the one that came originally with my VIPER 5902 security system, which was fading out and the key ring fell off. I've only had it for a couple of months, so it is too soon to know if this one will fade out too.
R284MHWX5WCW4R	4	Works fine. Makes taking a selfie easy Used for iPod.  Works fine.  Makes taking a selfie easy.  Not complicated to figure out.
R1TNRX704LS6S2	5	It said it was going to take a long time to get here but it actually came like a full two weeks sooner This case fits my HTC One M8 perfectly! It said it was going to take a long time to get here but it actually came like a full two weeks sooner. It's just as beautiful as the picture. I don't know why but it took me a little wiggling to get the charm to fit into the aux space but now that it's in it looks super cute! It looks very good and has an awesome price to match. And if it ends up falling apart in a few months then I can just easily replace it.
R142CW1BGVFNZI	5	Five Stars I have nothing but expectations met great sound quality pairing was easy and love the color
R33R0EPHF03QR7	5	This is great! Just the right length This is great!  Just the right length!  Disclaimer: I was given a discount on this item in exchange for testing and giving my unbiased and honest review.
R6T7C9FR6OQ54	5	Great case This product is really quite amazing. The case comes in two pieces -- one inner protective case that is made of a sturdy material, the second is the holder which I can loop the armband through. LOVE that I can slide my phone downward to remove it easily from the second casing mid-workout then slide it upward when I'm ready to go again.  I use it mainly for yoga and dance; my phone stays in place and I don't feel restricted.
R2GVI0FDZ9J3KP	3	I love they way it looks I love they way it looks! But the two things that bug me are the fact that it slides off when i pug in my charger or headphones amd i have a a gorilla glass screen protector and it bubbles on the side with this case.
RBZJ0XBLZV3OE	5	Great Product and Service! Great Product and Service!
R2WONXY5WXK602	5	Five Stars Great
R1YHS1NIIYCVOF	5	Above and Beyond, another all star in the NewTrent line up! Nice case if you are looking for clear protection for your iPhone, this case does it's job very well and it looks good while giving you more than enough protection for the average user. I have been demo-ing NewTrent cases over the last six months and they never disappoint, great build quality and very little bulk. This case is a steal at this price and it does it's job well, very well!
R13WW3P6DR2RPQ	3	This a great Case for protection This a great Case for protection. The 3 things why i did not give it a better rating is @1 once you put it on,I can not get it off. #2 the on/off side button is very hard to push to turn on or off.#3 edge around the screen I wish it was less slippery. But for toughness and protecting your phone it is great.
R17ULZC55I1XPD	5	Five Stars Fast delivery and overall I'm happy with the case
R1S181PUAJU4VJ	3	Three Stars It has good protection and isn't loose
RZP1SX8MFOXKC	2	Two Stars Takes forever to charge my Samsung S5, supposedly it takes an hour to fully charge not the case.
R22BLFJLH9YNOW	1	One Star DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!
R1MTXFPZM5KYEJ	4	I love it. is so pretty I love it.is so pretty. the only thing is; you can't put away to much in it,just few things as I'd credit cards.few things. But other wise.I recommended.
R3JT7X1CNU279Q	3	Three Stars Bad stopping itself
R2RIRWMBXK2CAO	5	Five Stars Cute case for a teenage girl, she loves it!
R1JDA323PBUT8U	5	Awesome case! I have a friend who works at ... Awesome case! I have a friend who works at a cell phone store, he asked where i got it from, when i told him how much, he was super suprised and said it was actually really nice case!
RQ9TW02IQA97Y	5	GOOD SERVICE AS ALWAYS! I love the fact that it comes in multiple sizes that you can choose. Great
R34C7OVY48JXBW	5	Five Stars Great product really makes the phone look nice and it protects it
R3RHNP30KITKQ7	5	Great price point This product works well for the price, I've tried this on my iPhone and my android phone, It took a little getting used to becauseit blocks out sound very well, The battery life is acceptable and I have ran a half marathon with it and had plenty of power left.
RC1PIQYN40ISH	1	Love the concept, but it just doesn't cut it I love the concept of this charger, but unfortunately it just doesn't work very well.  I've been using it for a couple of weeks now and it just doesn't do the job it's intended to.  The charger is VERY position critical.  Your phone has to be just right on the charger otherwise it starts with the flashing lights and stops charging.  It charges just fine when the phone is positioned correctly, but the second issue is that it doesn't stay where you put it.  Any amount of vibration seem to allow the phone to slide down the face of the charger and move out of position.  I should have known that when they had a protective plastic sheet over the sticky rubber where the phone sits that there could be a problem.  I cleaned the rubber with a lint free cloth and water and didn't seem to help.  In the time I have been typing this review, my phone has slid off the sweet spot and stopped charging.  I am not jumping up and down on my keyboard.  My desk is not a board on a pillow.  I would have given this 2 stars since it does technically work, but when I come back after a couple of hours, expect to find my phone with a useful amount of charge only to find it has gone in to power saving mode just doesn't cut it.  I will be returning this charger and getting a 3 coil stand with a shelf for my phone to sit on.  Best regards, RH
R5WEFSD72770Q	4	THE CASE GIVES MY PHONE A MORE STURDY LOOK. TOOK A LITTLE LONGER THAN EXPECTED, BUT THE CASE WAS DEFINITELY WORTH IT.  THE CASE GIVES MY PHONE A MORE STURDY LOOK.
R39XO26IM0UWGN	5	Good Stuff This is my second Anker battery purchase - bought one for my laptop too. Both work great. Happy customer!
R1O073DNMVEBPB	1	One Star Only 1 worked
RAZGD2CKWZ2KO	5	A-0kay Arrived in original packaging and way ahead of schedule. Haven't used it because it's a (sentimental) backup.
RWTU008FVAHV2	3	Three Stars The volume controls stop working in 2 days, :( besides that they are ok
R38XMJ9VM7J5PN	5	Best screen protector ever! Incredible screen protector. The technique used to apply the protector itself is just magnificent. I'm very pleased.
R1WNG2I0RQ6OWP	5	Best yet... I have tried many others... For myself, these CCM's are without a doubt the BEST yet. The internal pen is a major plus!
RI5PQVNGKB25J	4	Four Stars I love the mint green color. It's a nice case. Very protective.
R1B3ZO2BS6M0ME	5	iPhone 5C case, ULAK 2in1 Shield Series... Love this product !!!!! I brought two and they match my phone .
R23JFNRUGEBIE	5	Five Stars Nice size. Good build quality. Compatible with all my devices.  UPDATE: After 13 months of regular use, the folding prongs broke off. The unit is warranted for 18 months. I sent an email to Sunvalleytek, and they responded promptly confirming my device was under warranty and that they would send a free replacement. The replacement arrived quickly, and it works fine.  Still 5 stars. A good device, well built, and backed by great customer service.
R1NOG7LWFZ0EYX	5	LOVE IT! THE GLASS IS VERY CLEAR AND YOUR ... LOVE IT !  THE GLASS IS VERY CLEAR AND YOUR PHONE STILL WORKS WITH NO PROBLEMS. I WILL DIFFANTLY BUY THIS AGAIN IF I EVER NEED ANOTHER ONE.
R1Q3WN2SZESDKE	5	Five Stars works great - very easy to use.
R1G9FPJX2M2PP7	4	My daughter loved this. Thank you for shipping it in time My daughter loved this.  Thank you for shipping it in time.
R2ISYF6KHYEQ00	5	Five Stars Works perfectly with my iphone 6.
R3U3LMCTOX6CGX	5	Five Stars nice, cheap and best
R1C7BO34UPLU0P	1	Not as advertised Was advertised as new but clearly was not a brand new battery. 1 Star *
RDQX2IJ3FZ6TG	5	Five Stars Fast delivery and looks great!
R17FIL9AIILJW4	5	Five Stars Great product, affordable price, meets all  expectations, comparatively user friendly.
RWEEIBWXS3XZN	1	One Star Case nothing like the picture presented. Very disappointed
R3VC9SJ1OE18UN	5	Five Stars 5 stars
R1OIV1YVOO4E3B	5	Extended power case for iPhone 6 plus It works great and I love that everything is on the front not the back
R3D31TO1GDY3EC	5	Great highly recommend I dont usualy write reviews but this thing is awesome works great holds charge for several charging cycles over several days which is great for me becuase I'm always mobile and I do everything via my phone. The 4 usb power ports great for multiple devices. It is alittle heavy but its alot of battery. Before I bought this portable battery I would carry a mini jump start battery which worked well but didn't look as cool, it had only 1 usb port and cost twice as much. This charger is super simple highly recommend.
R31RRJH0V700NX	5	I will recommend it. Is great.  A little bulky but it has a lot of Juice.  I can charge my Galaxy S4 4 times full.
R17G7Q7F72DAN1	1	Don't waste time & money Don't waste time & money ..this Tracker working  for  two weeks first time ..  I ask for replace item .. the new one work two week ...  just waste my time... hard for SYNC  and use the app ... now i try get my money back...  conclusion is really bad..  again I waste time & Money front MAY 03 to Now only work 4 weeks..  Really!!! Malo Malo no pierdan tiempo y Dinero... solo funciono 4 semanas entre Mayo y agosto .. lo cambie una vez y lo remplazaron el segundo lo mismo!!
R2Y977446UIYIX	5	Highly durable case!! This case is heavy duty as described, but yet it is sleek and highly durable.  For the price, I highly recommend this case to any other name-brand on the market today.  You won't be disappointed!!  Thanks.
R12Z5NBQDD0QFJ	5	Great Worked great for my camping trip. Charged this during the day, my phone during the night while i slept. Had enough juice to charge my s4 a good 3 or 4 times before it needed re-charged. worth the money.
R164WLJOC9G5IR	4	Four Stars Great fit & meets use expectations. Very comfortable and easy to use touch screen. Would definitely recommend!!!
R12179E6MC6BAV	5	Great value! Great price for a great case.  Works great and looks even better. I love that it comes with the tempered glass screen protector.
R2NT8ARLIQQA3U	5	Five Stars It looks great
R2B2IVSYOTT6LE	5	Great Case for s5 This is the best case for the S5 in my opinion.
R1KFYPZUY1E5AU	5	Five Stars so far so good
R374RZBQPVIMZY	5	Five Stars So Convenient.
RHFOWTGXOL984	3	Works well, but cheaply made it works well and I was really excited about the stand, but after a while, the silvers starts to peel.
R108OWYS4GX2F0	1	I love the ease and feel (sleekness) of the produce but ... I have bought this item twice and it has broken both times.  I love the ease and feel (sleekness) of the product but it is not a durable product.
RFDVMNSF7DJKS	5	A Very Good Looking Strong Case This is a great case. Within two days of putting it on my phone I dropped my phone on the steps leading up to our deck. It bounced down the steps and landed on a landscaping stone we used in our walkway. My heart went to my gut as I just knew it was going to be a crushed mess. When I picked up my phone, it was perfect! No scratches, dents, and the faceglass was fine! This is a good phone case. I'm not going to say it will protect every phone, but it protected mine! *I received this case for a discounted price in exchange for an unbiased and honest review. All opinions are my own.
R1O6WOBEGH8Y3W	1	NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE Definitely it wasnt as good as they said, Phone died after 2 months. I bought it to bring it to Ecuador, I had to pay to unblock it here,  Then the battery  always discharged quickly, finally last friday  august 28 the phone didnt charge anymore, I bought another battery and didnht resucite, Its a piece of garbage, I am in southamerica, who is going to replace it?? I trusted I bought a  great phone but it was a rubbish,  BE CAREFUL
R2J7A2VR9SA5JE	5	Five Stars Brilliant bit of kit especially as you can plug in your device while charging the power pack.
RCP8O6WYN5GRF	5	Five Stars Very convenient...
R1CK9XM3EL2LKR	5	Five Stars Great product at a very great price
RB8A733X8YIGJ	5	Works Good
R2ZPN03XO7UJKJ	5	Works perfect so far. I've had it for about a month now.  So far it has worked on my 6+  I'll update if that ever changes.
R2PZ87BKEPAJBV	4	. It's very handy for a person on the go. I like it.
R2A0SBXLOE1LZN	5	Not a a lot of great cases for the galaxy edge phone that are great ... Not a a lot of great cases for the galaxy edge phone that are great for protecting the edges. But this case really does. I would love if it would protect the front of the phone. But very happy overall with is case.
R3GX8P73XYDQGJ	4	Bulky and overpriced, but it does the job It's big, bulky, and overpriced. A half dozen little country-specific adapters would cost less and take up less space in your luggage; but my daughter liked the simplicity of this item and continues to use it to charge her phone even when not traveling. At least it's lightweight.  And yes, even if you put black tape over the light, it still glows.
RII5JFGDMUCZE	5	Great product! This works well for me. Charges my iPhone 6, doesn't take too long to charge the power bank itself, and the indicators make it easy to see just what I have left for juice. This is roughly the same dimensions as my iPhone 6, a bit thicker, and it is quite heavy, so if you're looking for something to keep in your pocket, this isn't for you. However to keep in a bag as a backup, this is perfect!
R18AZ35GH64GZG	5	Five Stars Exactly what was pictured and advertised.  Quick shipping.  No problems.
RFTFMPFA3GDB5	4	garbage. I bought them to listen to TV at ... I had no problem pairing with my cell phone. Sound is very clear on both ends. I haven't listened to music yet.,want to save battery. I found out too late that the battery can only be charged approx. 300 times then , garbage. I bought them to listen to TV at night. When I get the transmitter put on my TV , I will update with the results. Maybe 5 stars, we'll see ! The fit is good . I have a larger than average head and I did not need to adjust the headband . I remembered that someone said that the band would break in the middle , so I slid them on at the temple and then pushed them  down over my ears , avoiding stretching them.
R1EUJ6EAFNG9JT	5	Perfect fit Great all the way around...
R3FXL26Q2BZRUG	4	looks like picture fast shipping . looks like picture
R3DP9QF9N72515	5	Good quality good price I ended up cracking my old screen protector, and purchased another one because it was such good quality
R2EHXRTGA4O3OT	5	Fun colors Nice ribbon-like lanyards in an assortment of pretty colors.  Fun to coordinate the lanyards to match my daily outfits :)
R3G7ZKVGPLCTOS	5	Good purchase It works as expected. Very happy with my purchase
R3FGYPWQRZN6S1	5	very handy! I was tempted to give this a lower rating simply because of the nauseating smell when first opened, but it is getting better with time. (HOPEFULLY it will disappear altogether!) My phone fits perfectly and the arm band is comfortable. I was at an event this past weekend and didn't want to carry a purse so I used this to hole my phone, ID and some cash and just strapped it to my calf (hidden by capris) There is even a spot to hide a key and this trumped the smell. It doesn't look like it would fit small arms. Overall great product!
R1TP3EA99BILMQ	5	My father loved this case My father loved this case. Still uses it today. It's slim and easy to handle. Not hard to remove and replace.
R1T9DNP648UJVB	5	This is the vent-mount system to buy! I have purchase a couple of competing products in the magnetic holder category.  Usually I have to be careful about the type of case on my phone and the way I position the phone on the vent-mount holder.  Not so with iSwivel.  It attaches securely to my big and heavy iPhone 6 Plus and has never varied its position, even on the gravel roads I travel daily.  Other holders have dropped my phone after a bump and rough spot.  No so the Swivel.  The the added bonus of the clamp for bulky cases is just so cool.  This is definitely the best system around for a larger phone.  Thanks Matrix!
R63AX77V2IIXS	5	Five Stars Absolutely what I was looking for and its length is exactly what I wanted, superb quality
R3JWVN81GOHF3Z	2	The vibrate switch would not toggle with this case. ... The vibrate switch would not toggle with this case. I had to order a new one. All other features of the case seemed ok.
R3H3YYHOFZER71	5	Colorful bands Fashionable wristbands.  Love it. Small size fits my tiny wrists.
R2LQMV33D0IOQU	5	Five Stars great
R2MRKH5EQBCYUP	4	but won't offer as protection that is as good as other cases such as Otterbox's This case gives the Note 3 the sleek and stylish design that most people bought the phone for, but won't offer as protection that is as good as other cases such as Otterbox's. If you are really worried about the safety of this really expensive phone, you should consider more durable cases.[[ASIN:B00F9VRNJ6 OtterBox Defender Series Case for Samsung Galaxy Note 3 - Retail Packaging - Black]]
RW8RO5HJ01K9S	5	Five Stars Fits perfect.
R1XT6IFY6AOWCC	1	I love the look and feel but I have gone through ... I love the look and feel but I have gone through 4 cases in 6 months for the same reason as everyone else has posted. If they sold just the outer bumper for half the cost I might rate it 3 stars. Customer service was good but seriously....4 times? They need to sell the outer bumper separately. Poor engineering.
R34KXSVI93WSTY	5	Five Stars A+
RRBUFX3644SRF	5	LG Optimus Dynamic Review I bought this phone about a year and a half ago and am very pleased with it. It's a very sturdy phone and has withstood countless falls without a case, including falls on asphalt and down a hill. When it drops the back cover of the phone comes off and the battery falls out, but I simply put the battery back in and clip the back on. The screen has never even cracked. It continues to work like always; I don't even worry when I drop my phone without it's case anymore. Also, I brought it kayaking with me once and stuck it in the waterproof compartment, but it got a little wet anyhow. When I opened the phone the inside was quite wet, so I quickly took out the battery, dried it off, blew in the cracks, and set it in front of a fan. It was fine!   Besides durability, this phone is very good looking, especially in white. The white shows dirt faster, but this is very easy to remedy, just unclip the back of the phone and wash it with soap and warm water. DO NOT get the battery or phone wet! This phone can't have many apps at once, maybe five, depending how big they are. But it has a removable mini SD card, which is very nice. And it works well for Bluetooth, texting, talking, WiFi, and everything you'll need on a phone. The camera is pretty good too. Plus It's relatively inexpensive. VERY nice phone. I love this phone ! !
R1Y4CGR727Z6OB	3	The case itself is beautiful but the more I use it the more it ... The case itself is beautiful but the more I use it the more it breaks down. The flip over locking flap is almost completely broken into 2 parts and is only being held together by a small piece of plastic. However, it does a very good job of holding what I need for a wallet and protecting my phone from drops. There are better products on the market but this is a good starter case or for those on a budget.
R2G7RRC73BMBJ	4	This case was exactly what I expected with the exception ... This case was exactly what I expected with the exception of the supplied screen protector. I had hoped that it would cover the whole screen, but it leaves the top half inch of the screen unprotected.
RQO36ZSF3YR5R	5	Perfect coverage for case Perfect case for the iphone 6, nice coverage
R1SMTMJFU7LBMM	5	Buy this ... Its awesome!!! Amazing product! Never  scratched, chipped or broke the entire time I had my s5! I even gouged it with my house jey whike showing it to a friend and absolutley nothing happened to the protector or my phones screen!! If they made the same product for the Note Edge I would have purchased it in a heart beat. Traded a family member my s5 for the edge ... Miss the s5 because of this tempered glass protector.  A must buy product!
R323IPYOVWPAII	1	The bottom piece where you charge your phone is poorly made and comes open very easy! Do not buy this case!!!!! I have a brand new iPhone 6 plus that is completely ruined!!! The bottom piece where you charge your phone is poorly made and comes open very easy!
R16NXBQMQE943O	4	Works well as advertised Works perfectly and well. Only issue is that the wire could be longer. But well worth the money.
R1MWD5C4KN26WY	5	Five Stars Good quality
R3K2LWQBE9DC0Y	3	but it does not have very good screen coverage -- too large a gap between the ... It's okay. Application was fairly simple, but it does not have very good screen coverage -- too large a gap between the screen protector and the edge of the screen, especially when compared to others I have used.
R1910PPFU998CJ	3	Three Stars suited my needs
R1DUABFHU7BMFQ	5	Five Stars needed it
R379RCRZ55P2CH	3	Three Stars Sound is good but it only comes with one size earbud and becomes uncomfortable on longer runs.
R2EI8TVBE4V3B4	3	A bit annoying to put on It's adorable and exactly as pictured, but a bit of a pain to put on. It comes in two pieces: a flexible case and a hard &#34;backing&#34; that slips on top of the case. The flexible case is just a tiny bit too big so that snapping the hard backing on top of it can be tricky. Sometimes the edges of the soft case fold under the backing and which makes it hard to access the side buttons. If you don't change the batteries often then it's not a problem. But I often have to take the case off to switch batteries (I charge the batteries separately) and it gets a bit cumbersome.
R3AAWIYU1P4G8V	4	This product is certainly better than having to figure out where to put my ... This product is certainly better than having to figure out where to put my phone when I am doing turn by turn navigation. The only issue that I have had is that it does block one of the main vents for air for the driver, but this I can manage do work around because I would much rather not have to find my phone on the floor or in my cup holder when its telling me where I have to turn next. Overall a very good product.  Works well with my Samsung 6, Samsung 5 as well as an Iphone.
R1XN4CXILGE3U5	5	Five Stars Good item
RTBTL23VHIL4W	5	Good Product Great leather case
RZJ8EN2WNBI7Y	4	Soft case, cute design. Fits phone perfectly. This case has a very cute design and it fits an iPhone 6 perfectly. The case is soft and flexible, so in my opinion, its good for the looks, but I'd like a more rigid case for peace of mind when it comes to safety. The case doesn't cover up any important ports or the camera, but does cover every side and the corners well. The case is easy to put on and take off.  This product was purchased at a discount in exchange for a review.
R3M3L2J56U9ZUL	3	Three Stars the card doesnt fit so well it keeps falling out.
RVU3YM4HDU93Z	5	fantastic item and fast delivery Exactly what I wanted....fantastic item and fast delivery.
R1SRZ00GL7BZRW	5	this is the best way to go this is the best way to go, if you use a lot of time online or what ever.  great cover for extended batteries.
RHJ8R43G08JJ7	5	Works great! No road noise from inside the semi truck Works great!  No road noise from inside the semi truck.
RBLHDBCKBDWO5	5	Works great. iPhone is like brand new. Screen was in perfect condition, tools were good, and instructions were a bonus. Swapped the screen with little trouble, although I have fixed about 5 different phones for friends. I believe a novice can swap as long as you have a well lite area and some patience.
R14T1HBZY5I1AE	5	Very impressed so far Excellent product.  Absolutely love how easy it is, to snap it on.  Holds my Samsung Note 3 really well.  Was so happy with the product, that I bought another one within a few days, for my wife.
R39GM65SE5LWBZ	3	Three Stars Ok for price. fast delivery
R3RKPC7B4Z19AR	5	Would definitely recommend this phone case to anyone Ordered this case for my husband and he absolutely loves it. It is very durable and fits his phone perfectly. Would definitely recommend this phone case to anyone;
R1DUHSASYH9WZC	5	Gr8 case Didn't want a case for my G2 initially, but after a fall at work I had little choice. Looks pretty cool, has a nice sized lip around the screen of the phone, and is pretty rugged in general. It also doesn't add too much bulk to the phone. It's not slim mind you, but it's liveable
R181CAJ9PQQ7L9	5	Muy Bueno I have found nothing bad to say about this protector. It's fit my phone, was easy to apply, and a week later I'm still happy with my buy. It's worth the few bucks
R3AFE15MELBOQN	2	Clumsy This is a bulky clumsy protector. May as well wear block on your watch.
R1R0VRT2Q92RMQ	1	The screw fell out of bad when it was on wrist and amost lost apple ... The screw fell out of bad when it was on wrist and amost lost apple watch. The bad also does not fit in locking  mechanism easy have to force it
R3M9UBE56DE1DP	4	Good, but I hate earbuds! These work well. However, I have had a great deal of trouble keeping them in place in my ears.I wish they had a hook for your ears.
R3H82SE2E28EZS	5	Five Stars Great fit, love the feel of it.
R3D41O4UE3X3ZM	4	Four Stars This works exactly like it's suppose to. Simple device and simple job. :)
R1GZAYSNYEQ77H	5	For the price it is a good reliable phone for every day smartphone uses I was at first sceptical about riding a Blu phone based on some review, but since we have never had a problem with an item I have bought directly from Amazon, I ordered it.  For the price it is a good reliable phone for every day smartphone uses.  It will not replace my Samsung S5, but it is a good secondary phone as I have one phone for each of the networks in Jamaica.  I would definitely recommend this phone.
R1IXIB4PGSLF4M	5	Five Stars Arrived in great condition.  Worth the money.
R29ZUTH0ZMFSMV	5	Easy to use Easy to use. Charges multiple devices multiple times for several days before this battery needs to be recharged. I have charged iPhones, iPad, Apple Watch, and a Windows tablet PC using this device without difficulty.
R2XSZZJP8IMC1P	5	Nice little device that meet my need It took me couple weeks to shop around for a decent portable wifi companion that will set up a closed hotspot to share files with limited device.  The set up is very easy. Download the app and within 5 minutes, everything is set. (I doubt if you even need to app at all).  Now I have a wifi for my device and co-workers to share file and print on the go.  One note - I do not need www access, just sharing between devices. This HD companion do have the capability to connect to www but will let it for other reviews to tell you the experience as my main use is a close wifi hub to share files and print on the go.
